Who said he did not want to be like the Unabomber?
Who said Friday, ``Chris Scott Gilliam wanted to kill everybody''?
Who testified at a federal court hearing?
When did David Pasqualotto say, ``Chris Scott Gilliam wanted to kill everybody''?
Who did Chris Scott Gilliam say did not want to be like the Unabomber?
What did a federal agent testify at?
Who said Friday, ``He wanted to kill everybody''?
What did a federal magistrate order him held pending the results of?
Where did authorities say-- A white supremacist arrested after buying hand grenades from an undercover agent said he wanted to send mail bombs?
Who said, ``I knew he was not quite right''?
What did Pasqualotto testify started three weeks earlier when Gilliam contacted a man about obtaining C4 high explosive?
Who was 27?
What were no charges immediately filed in?
Who did Pasqualotto testify that Gilliam met with Thursday?
What did Defense attorney Gary Arm say at that Gilliam legally owned the firearm and has no criminal record?
Who did authorities say-- A white supremacist arrested after buying hand grenades from an undercover agent said wanted to send mail bombs to Washington and Montgomery?
Who did Pasqualotto testify with?
Who was David Pasqualotto?
What did an ATF representative not immediately return calls for Saturday?
When did Pasqualotto testify that Gilliam met with him?
Who testified that Gilliam met with him Thursday?
When did David Pasqualotto say, ``He wanted to kill everybody''?
Who arrived with a loaded, cocked. 45- caliber pistol on David Pasqualotto's hip and his 20-month-old son in his arms?
Who did a federal magistrate order held pending the results of a psychological evaluation?
What did Pasqualotto say, ``I knew''?
Who was charged with possessing an unregistered firearm found at his home in Foley along with what agents said was apparently a silencer?
What did authorities say-- A white supremacist arrested after buying hand grenades from an undercover agent said to?
What did a federal magistrate order him held pending?
Who did Chris Scott Gilliam say like?
What did Defense attorney Gary Arm say at the hearing?
Where did authorities say-- A white supremacist arrested after buying hand grenades from an undercover agent said?
What did authorities say-- A white supremacist arrested after buying hand grenades from an undercover agent said he wanted to send mail bombs to?
Who said at the hearing that Gilliam legally owned the firearm and has no criminal record?
Who testified the investigation started three weeks earlier when Gilliam contacted a man about obtaining C4 high explosive?
What was Gilliam?
Who did Chris Scott Gilliam say he did not want to be like?
Who arrived with a loaded, cocked. 45- caliber pistol on his hip and his 20-month-old son in his arms?
Who did not immediately return calls for comment Saturday?
Who was a special agent with the Bureau of Alcohol, Tobacco and Firearms?
What did Gilliam arrive with?
Who ordered him held pending the results of a psychological evaluation?
Who said-- A white supremacist arrested after buying hand grenades from an undercover agent said he wanted to send mail bombs to Washington and Montgomery?
Who did authorities say-- said he wanted to send mail bombs to Washington and Montgomery?
What were immediately filed in connection with the grenade purchase?
What did authorities say-- A white supremacist arrested after buying hand grenades from an undercover agent said he wanted to send to Washington and Montgomery?
What was Mark Potok?
What does the resolution say?''
What is this about?
Who did the Southern Poverty Law Center represent after the church was burned four years ago?
When has the Ku Klux Klan been since the group marched in Charleston?
What is about race relations?
What was the resolution approved on a voice vote Tuesday after council members were assured on?
What was the resolution approved on Tuesday after council members were assured it would not infringe on anyone's constitutional rights?
What did Mark Potok say?
What did the group march in?
If the Klan wants to march, who may apply for a permit?
Who was Ala.?
Who was Horace King?
What does the resolution say Charleston welcomes ``but not those views that instigate fear bigotry and hate?''
What was approved on a voice vote Tuesday after council members were assured it would not infringe on anyone's constitutional rights?
What was burned four years ago?
What is about saving lives?
What were several council members concerned could lead to lawsuits and a resumption of Klan marches?
Who refused to comment?
When was the resolution approved on a voice vote after council members were assured it would not infringe on anyone's constitutional rights?
Who were assured Tuesday would not infringe on anyone's constitutional rights?
What is CHARLESTON?
Who were assured it would not infringe on anyone's constitutional rights?
Who was Horace King leader of in South Carolina?
When were council members assured would not infringe on anyone's constitutional rights?
What condemns any organization ``whose purpose is to encourage hate of any individual, race culture or way of life?''
Who said, ``The United States has a no-tolerance policy for terrorist organizations''?
Who was a spokesman for the Southern Poverty Law Center in Montgomery?
Who was leader of the Christian Knights of the Ku Klux Klan in South Carolina?
What did Clarendon County win?
What were several council members concerned to?
What did Mark Potok say may be the first municipality to designate the Klan a terrorist group?
What marched in Charleston?
What does the resolution say welcomes diverse opinions ``but not those views that instigate fear bigotry and hate?''
What is not a black thing?
Where did the group march?
What is this not?
Who said the resolution does not create law?
When has it been since the group marched in Charleston?
What won a $21. 5 million judgment against the Christian Knights and Klan?
What does a resolution approved after an emotional debate condemn?''
What did city attorneys say does not create law?
What were council members assured Tuesday would not infringe on?
What did city attorneys say only expresses the opinion of council?
What represented the predominantly black Macedonia Baptist Church in Clarendon County members after the church was burned four years ago?
Who said this is a human thing?
If the Klan wants to march, what may they apply for?
What were several council members concerned the resolution could lead to?
Who was Mark Potok?
What does it condemn?''
What did Gilliard say this is?
What is instigate fear?
Who were concerned the resolution could lead to lawsuits and a resumption of Klan marches?
If the Klan wants to march, what may city attorneys apply for?
What did Mark Potok say this may be?
What were council members assured on?
Who said this may be the first municipality to designate the Klan a terrorist group?
What did city attorneys say the resolution does not create?
What did city attorneys say the resolution only expresses?
What did city attorneys say the resolution only expresses the opinion of?
What were council members assured it would not infringe on?
Who had said when he first proposed the resolution that he wanted to prevent the Klan from holding rallies in the city?
What has declared the Ku Klux Klan a terrorist group?
What is S. C. -- The city council?
If the Klan wants to march, what may apply for a permit?
What did Gilliard say is a human thing?
What were council members assured would not infringe on anyone's constitutional rights?
What says Charleston welcomes diverse opinions ``but not those views that instigate fear bigotry and hate?''
Who said the resolution only expresses the opinion of council?
What is bias?
What has been several years since the group marched in Charleston?
Who was Vincent Bertollini?
Who said the possible loss of his home bothers me a little bit?
Who is attorney Morris Dees of the Southern Poverty Law Center representing in a lawsuit that goes to trial?
Who was 82?
How many bullets did security guards for the white supremacist group fire into the Keenan car?
Who forced the group to turn over its headquarters building?
What is Idaho-- A lawyer who specializes in bankrupting hate groups?
Who won a $7 million verdict against a Ku Klux Klan organization over the slaying of a 19-year-old black man in Mobile?
Who are expected to argue that he should not be held liable for the actions of the volunteer security guards?
Who won $9 million in Portland against the White Aryan Resistance in the beating death of a black man by neo-Nazi skinheads in 1990?
What did Dees win over the slaying of a 19-year-old black man in Mobile?
What was piled into a truck?
What did Steele not return?
What is he appealing for defense funds from neo-Nazi sympathizers, writing on his Web site: We must not let the enemies of our race win?
What do attorney Morris Dees of the Southern Poverty Law Center think?
Whose Coeur d'Alene home was once bombed by white supremacists?
Who do assault contend were agents of the Aryan Nations?
Who are part white?
How many distributors of skinhead music are donating proceeds from the sale of CDs with titles like Too White for You, and Holocaust 2000?
What will have its own security force to augment the tight security promised by Kootenai County authorities?
What does business's?
What do I think's a rape of the American justice system?
What was Ore.?
What is going after the Aryan Nations?
What fired five bullets into the Keenan car?
Who were punched?
Who is appealing for defense funds from neo-Nazi sympathizers, writing on his Web site: We must not let the enemies of our race win this round?
Who did attorney Morris Dees of the Southern Poverty Law Center win $9 million in Portland against by neo-Nazi skinheads in 1990?
Whose birthday is the gathering generally held on?
When has Dees received death threats?
Where did he win $9 million against the White Aryan Resistance in the beating death of a black man by neo-Nazi skinheads in 1990?
Who was a wealthy former computer executive who lives in nearby Sandpoint?
What did Butler say Wednesday's the way it is for the white man today?
What does he preside over?
What did Steele describe the security guards as borderline derelicts who were not under Butler's control in?
What did Bill Wassmuth say is important to hold leaders of hate groups responsible for the actions of their followers?
Who do people who study hate groups consider Butler?
What are the Keenans alleging assault, false imprisonment and emotional distress at?
When was founder Richard Butler acquitted of federal charges that he was involved in a plot to overthrow the government?
What are Butler and his attorney Edgar Steele expected to argue that he should not be held liable for?
What do they contend the guards were?
What is attorney Morris Dees of the Southern Poverty Law Center representing a mother and son who were attacked by security guards for the white supremacist group in?
Who did he win $9 million in Portland against by neo-Nazi skinheads in 1990?
What is generally held on Adolf Hitler's birthday?
Who do they contend were agents of the Aryan Nations?
Who did Steele describe as borderline derelicts who were not under Butler's control in court documents?
What's what we try to do?
What was Butler?
What were both Keenans threatened at before the guards backed off?
What consider Butler a godfather of the white supremacist movement?
What do I think it's a rape of?
What has attorney Morris Dees of the Southern Poverty Law Center declined?
Who is 20?
Who has been largely able to escape jail time?
Who has declined additional comment?
What are Butler and a fugitive Edgar Steele expected to argue that he should not be held liable for?
Who said Wednesday that's the way it is for the white man today?
Who was acquitted of federal charges that he was involved in a plot to overthrow the government in 1988?
Who contend the guards were agents of the Aryan Nations?
What does the case have?
Who does Jesus Christ Christian hold that whites are?
What said?
Who is representing a mother and son who were attacked by security guards for the white supremacist group in a lawsuit that goes to trial?
What did Butler say Wednesday that's?
Who said when the lawsuit was filed last year?
What did he win in Portland against the White Aryan Resistance in the beating death of a black man by neo-Nazi skinheads in 1990?
What did Butler say was brought by enemies of the white race?
When did he win $9 million in Portland against the White Aryan Resistance in the beating death of a black man by neo-Nazi skinheads?
What are they seeking?
What did Bill Wassmuth say for?
Who did Steele describe the security guards as in court documents?
What contend the guards were agents of the Aryan Nations?
Who said it is important to hold leaders of hate groups responsible for the actions of their followers?
Who are in prison?
Who did Vincent Bertollini send a mailing to thousands of Idaho households last week attacking?
Who did not return a call?
Who was Idaho?
Whose 20-acre compound did it pass?
What did Dees win a $7 million verdict against a Ku Klux Klan organization over?
Who mistook the backfire for a gunshot and chased the Keenans for two miles?
What backfired as it passed the Aryan Nations ' 20-acre compound?
What will the Southern Poverty Law Center have its own security force to augment?
Who does Jesus Christ Christian hold that Jews are the offspring of?
What forced it off the road?
What remains a fugitive?
Who described the security guards as borderline derelicts who were not under Butler's control in court documents?
What did Dees force the group to turn over?
What were two of the guards convicted of?
What did they fire into the Keenan car?
When was he acquitted of federal charges that he was involved in a plot to overthrow the government?
Who are looking forward to seeing the group punished?
What did security guards for the white supremacist group fire into the Keenan car?
Who has received death threats in the past?
What are two of the guards in?
Who did he win $9 million in Portland against the White Aryan Resistance in the beating death of a black man by in 1990?
Who does Jesus Christ Christian hold that Jews are?
What do assault contend the guards were?
What did it pass?
What has Dees received in the past?
When did Butler say that's the way it is for the white man today?
What are Butler and a fugitive Edgar Steele expected to argue for?
What was the gunshot piled into?
Who think Wednesday's a rape of the American justice system?
What was Mobile?
What was Ala.?
What do I think?
Who is COEUR D'ALENE going after?
What are Butler and his attorney Edgar Steele expected to argue for?
Who holds that blacks and other minorities are inferior?
What did Vincent Bertollini send a mailing to last week attacking Dees?
Who do assault contend the guards were agents of?
Who has served as a clubhouse for some of America's most violent racists?
Who does Jesus Christ Christian hold that whites are the true children of?
Who holds that Jews are the offspring of Satan?
Who is the Keenans?
Who are alleging assault, false imprisonment and emotional distress at the hands of the guards?
What does Jesus Christ Christian hold?
Who fired five bullets into the Keenan car?
What did security guards for the white supremacist group fire five bullets into?
What did Butler say the lawsuit was brought by?
What do Security guards for the Aryan Nations mistake for?
Who are suing the Aryan Nations and founder Richard Butler?
What was Portland?
Who forced it off the road?
What do I think it's?
What is he appealing for defense funds from neo-Nazi sympathizers, writing on his Web site: We must not let win this round?
Who thinks it's a rape of the American justice system?
What was he acquitted of in 1988?
What guards backed off?
What was once bombed by white supremacists?
Who holds that whites are the true children of God?
Who is he appealing for defense funds from neo-Nazi sympathizers, writing on his Web site: must not let the enemies of our race win this round?
What has the Montgomery lawyer never lost in?
Who presides over weekly services in a chapel where an Israeli flag is used as a doormat?
Who are donating proceeds from the sale of CDs with titles like Too White for You, and Holocaust 2000?
What did Butler say?
What's what the victims try to do?
What do Security guards for the Aryan Nations mistake backfire for a gunshot and chased the Keenans for two miles?
What did they force off the road?
What has Dees long used lawsuits to destroy?
Who said?
What did he win $9 million in against the White Aryan Resistance in the beating death of a black man by neo-Nazi skinheads in 1990?
Who said a Jew team of lawyers trying to destroy a white Christian church is important to hold leaders of hate groups responsible for the actions of their followers?
What is Butler pastor of?
What did they force it off?
What did Dees force to turn over its headquarters building?
Who is Butler?
What do attorney Morris Dees of the Southern Poverty Law Center think Wednesday's a rape of?
What is similar to the Keenan lawsuit?
What is the Portland case similar to?
Who is pastor of the Church of Jesus Christ Christian?
What do people who study hate groups consider Butler a godfather of?
What did they fire five bullets into?
How many bullets did they fire into the Keenan car?
Who are donating proceeds from the sale of CDs with titles like Too White for founder Richard Butler, and Holocaust 2000?
What passed the Aryan Nations ' 20-acre compound?
What was Vincent Bertollini?
What has its origins on July 1,1998?
What do attorney Morris Dees of the Southern Poverty Law Center think Wednesday's?
What did Butler say by?
What was founder Richard Butler acquitted of in 1988?
What is he appealing for defense funds from neo-Nazi sympathizers, writing on his Web site:?
Who do they contend the guards were agents of?
Who has never lost in six such lawsuits?
Who was Bill Wassmuth's Coeur d'Alene home once bombed by?
Who are seeking an unspecified amount in compensatory and punitive damages?
Who is part American Indian?
When do attorney Morris Dees of the Southern Poverty Law Center think's a rape of the American justice system?
What has he declined?
Who has long used lawsuits to destroy the finances of hate groups?
What is Victoria Keenan, 43, and her son Jason?
When is the gathering generally held?
What are the Keenans alleging at the hands of the guards?
Whose mailing said?
Who does a third remain?
Who were threatened at gunpoint before the guards backed off?
What does founder Richard Butler preside over?
What has Dees long used to destroy the finances of hate groups?
Who are the victims suing?
What has Dees long used lawsuits to destroy the finances of?
What will the Southern Poverty Law Center have to augment the tight security promised by Kootenai County authorities?
Who were convicted of assault?
Who is not Jewish?
Who said the lawsuit was brought by enemies of the white race?
What has the Aryan Nations served as?
What did Butler say bothers me a little bit?
How many distributors of skinhead music are donating proceeds from the sale of CDs with titles like Too White for founder Richard Butler, and Holocaust 2000?
What are seeking an unspecified amount in compensatory and punitive damages?
What is COEUR D'ALENE?
Who sent a mailing to thousands of Idaho households last week attacking Dees?
Whose Capt. Ben Wolfinger admitted he initially directed seven agents to obtain media passes so they could blend in better with photographers covering the trial?
What did he say at?
What did Sheriff's Capt. Ben Wolfinger admit he initially directed seven agents to obtain so they could blend in better with photographers covering the trial?
If the jury awards compensatory and punitive damages, what could the Keenans demand?
Who do they consider Butler to be the protector of?
Who was 21?
Who is a lawyer representing Butler and the corporation that controls Aryan assets?
What did Sheriff's Capt. Ben Wolfinger admit he initially directed to obtain media passes so they could blend in better with photographers covering the trial?
What did Sheriff's Capt. Ben Wolfinger say I was surprised?
What did both men testify?
Who did advocates for the news media say Sheriff's Capt. Ben Wolfinger is dangerous for to pose as journalists?
Who do they consider to be the protector of the white race?
Who did advocates for the news media say it is dangerous for to pose as journalists?
What are the Keenans?
What did FBI officials not immediately return for comment?
What is Butler?
If the jury awards compensatory and punitive damages, whose assets, mainly the 20-acre compound and the sect's buildings could the Keenans demand?
Whose Capt. Ben Wolfinger did advocates for the news media say for?
What did he say he only chased the Keenans to try to find out at?
Who has publicly said he hopes to bankrupt the Aryan Nations?
What do the sheriff's department on Wednesday revoke?
What began Monday?
What has Edgar Steele said by?
What revoked the agents ' false credentials?
Who did he say was surprised it became an issue?
Who was 43?
Who is another security guard?
Who did he say only chased the Keenans to try to find out who had paid them to shoot at the compound?
Who were federal agents posing as journalists in the crowd to at one point?
What did FBI officials not immediately return messages for?
What did advocates for the news media say is dangerous for law officers to pose as journalists?
What has Dees publicly said?
When did the trial begin?
What were federal agents posing as journalists in the crowd to photograph neo-Nazi skinheads who had been rallying outside the courthouse at?
Who was not appointed?
Who do the two consider Butler to be the protector of?
What did Lawyer Morris Dees introduce to contradict the men's testimony?
What did Keenan's lawyers describe Jesse Warfield as a former Aryan Nations security chief and John Yeager as former guard for the group in?
Who admitted he initially directed seven agents to obtain media passes so they could blend in better with photographers covering the trial?
What did he say I was surprised became an issue?
What theorize the guards mistook a car backfire for a gunshot?
Who did Jesse Warfield say he only chased to try to find out who had paid part-white and part-American Indian to shoot at the compound?
Who do the two consider Butler to be?
Who did Sheriff's Capt. Ben Wolfinger admit initially directed seven agents to obtain media passes so they could blend in better with photographers covering the trial?
Who do the two consider to be the protector of the white race?
Who did advocates for the news media say for?
Who do authorities theorize mistook a car backfire for a gunshot?
Who were posing as journalists in the crowd to photograph neo-Nazi skinheads who had been rallying outside the courthouse at one point?
Who was Kyle Niederpruem?
What do authorities theorize the guards mistook backfire for a gunshot?
Who is 82?
What has Edgar Steele said he fears the Aryans ' beliefs will be scrutinized by rather than the evidence?
Who are not armed?
What did Lawyer Morris Dees introduce letters to contradict?
Who did not immediately return messages for comment?
Who is Edgar Steele?
What did Sheriff's Capt. Ben Wolfinger say I was surprised became an issue?
What could blend in better with photographers covering the trial?
Who did Sheriff's Capt. Ben Wolfinger admit with?
Who could blend in better with photographers covering the trial?
What are both men serving for the 1998 assaults?
Who was Jason?
Who has Dees publicly said hopes to bankrupt the Aryan Nations?
What did Warfield testify into?
What must visitors pass through a metal detector SWAT team members scan with binoculars from atop the building?
Who are representing themselves?
Who have not begun calling witnesses in the case?
Who are serving prison sentences for the 1998 assaults?
Whose car did Yeager say at?
Who was Kyle Niederpruem national president of the Society of?
Who did Warfield say always acted as if I was security chief?
What has Edgar Steele said he fears the Aryans ' beliefs will be scrutinized by the jury rather than?
What did Warfield say?
Who did Yeager say was drunk and did not recall shooting an assault rifle at the Keenans ' car?
Whose department on Wednesday revoked the agents ' false credentials?
What denied lying to protect Butler?
Whose car did Warfield testify into?
Who said he always acted as if I was security chief?
What was no weapon found in?
What did he say I was surprised it became?
Whose Capt. Ben Wolfinger said I was surprised it became an issue?
What was Jesse Warfield?
Who did Keenan's lawyers describe Jesse Warfield as as former guard for the group in court?
Who is Shane Wright?
What has Edgar Steele said he fears will be scrutinized by the jury rather than the evidence?
Who is the security guard?
Who did the two deny lying to protect?
What have the lawyers for the Ayran Nations not begun calling witnesses in?
Who said he only chased the Keenans to try to find out who had paid them to shoot at the compound?
Who was national president of the Society of Professional Journalists?
What was John Yeager?
Who did Jesse Warfield say only chased the Keenans to try to find out who had paid part-white and part-American Indian to shoot at the compound?
What has Butler also said on?
What did Jesse Warfield say he only chased the Keenans to try to find out at?
Who are both men representing?
Who said he only chased the Keenans to try to find out who had paid part-white and part-American Indian to shoot at the compound?
What did Yeager say at?
What has security been tight since the trial began Monday outside?
What must visitors pass through SWAT team members scan the crowd with binoculars from atop the building?
What was Lawyer Morris Dees the co-founder of who is representing Victoria Keenan and her son?
Who were federal agents posing as to photograph neo-Nazi skinheads who had been rallying outside the courthouse at one point?
Who is a fugitive?
Who has also said the men acted on their own?
Who has Butler also said acted on their own?
What do authorities theorize for?
Who was the co-founder of the Southern Poverty Law Center who is representing Victoria Keenan and her son?
Who described Jesse Warfield as a former Aryan Nations security chief and John Yeager as former guard for the group in court?
Who has Edgar Steele said fears the Aryans ' beliefs will be scrutinized by the jury rather than the evidence?
Who did advocates for the news media say is dangerous for law officers to pose as journalists?
What do authorities theorize the guards mistook a car backfire for?
Who did he say he only chased to try to find out who had paid them to shoot at the compound?
Who has said he fears the Aryans ' beliefs will be scrutinized by the jury rather than the evidence?
What did Sheriff's Capt. Ben Wolfinger say I was surprised it became?
Who must pass through a metal detector SWAT team members scan the crowd with binoculars from atop the building?
Whose car was no weapon found in?
Who was Lawyer Morris Dees?
If the jury awards compensatory and punitive damages, who could demand the Aryan Nations ' assets, mainly the 20-acre compound and the sect's buildings?
Who said Sheriff's Capt. Ben Wolfinger is dangerous for law officers to pose as journalists?
What were photographs and depositions?
Whose testimony did Lawyer Morris Dees introduce letters to contradict?
Who was her son?
What was Kyle Niederpruem national president of of Professional Journalists?
Whose lawyers described Jesse Warfield as a former Aryan Nations security chief and John Yeager as former guard for the group in court?
What are both men representing?
What was found in the Keenans ' car?
Who are part-white and part-American Indian?
Who consider Butler to be the protector of the white race?
What has Edgar Steele said he fears by?
How many agents did Sheriff's Capt. Ben Wolfinger admit he initially directed to obtain media passes so they could blend in better with photographers covering the trial?
Who did Keenan's lawyers describe as a former Aryan Nations security chief and John Yeager as former guard for the group in court?
Who said it is dangerous for law officers to pose as journalists?
Whose Capt. Ben Wolfinger did advocates for the news media say is dangerous for law officers to pose as journalists?
What consider Butler to be the protector of the white race?
What were letters?
Who did Keenan's lawyers describe Jesse Warfield as a former Aryan Nations security chief and John Yeager as in court?
What has been tight since the trial began Monday outside the Kootenai County Justice Building?
Who must visitors pass through a metal detector scan the crowd with binoculars from atop the building?
What did Jesse Warfield say at?
Who do they consider Butler to be?
Who said I was surprised it became an issue?
Who did Sheriff's Capt. Ben Wolfinger say was surprised it became an issue?
Who have the lawyers for the Ayran Nations not begun calling in the case?
What must visitors pass through a metal detector SWAT team members scan the crowd with from atop the building?
What has Butler also said the men acted on?
What did he say I was surprised?
Who has Dees publicly said he hopes to bankrupt?
Who said he was drunk and did not recall shooting an assault rifle at the Keenans ' car?
Who introduced letters to contradict the men's testimony?
What are both men serving prison sentences for?
Who forced the group to turn over its headquarters building?
Who did Victoria and Jason Keenan say without them, Jurors do not think could have done all this?
Who did she say without, I do not think I could have done all this?
Who won a $7 million verdict against a Ku Klux Klan organization over the slaying of a 19-year-old black man in Mobile?
Who won $9 million in Portland against the White Aryan Resistance in the beating death of a black man by neo-Nazi skinheads in 1990?
What did Dees win over the slaying of a 19-year-old black man in Mobile?
Who was 44?
Who did Steele argue was not responsible?
What did she say without them, I do not think?
Whose compound did they stop to search for a dropped wallet near the entrance to?
What were the former guards Jesse Warfield and John Yeager also found liable for?
Whose attorney was Morris Dees?
Who was found 10 percent negligent and liable for $600,000?
What stopped to search for a dropped wallet near the entrance to the Aryan Nations ' compound?
Who took responsibility for the attack?
Who presides over the Church of Jesus Christ-Christian that Jews are the offspring of Satan?
When did Steele say?
What was Ore.?
What is Dees of?
What did he say we intend to take from the Aryan Nations now and forever?
If that fails, what may Edgar Steele also seek to have?
Who did Steele say preaches nonviolence?
Who does Edgar Steele represent?
Whose birthday is the gathering generally held on?
What chased?
What did Steele argue?
Where did he win $9 million against the White Aryan Resistance in the beating death of a black man by neo-Nazi skinheads in 1990?
What did Butler say this is?
If that fails, what may he also seek to have?
Who did Warfield say mistook a car backfire as gunfire from the Keenans and perceived a threat?
What does Butler preside over that Jews are the offspring of Satan?
What did Jurors set as a punitive damage award chased?
Who presides over the Church of Jesus Christ-Christian that blacks and other minorities are inferior?
What did Warfield and Yeager represent?
Who said they mistook a car backfire as gunfire from the Keenans and perceived a threat?
What was COEUR D'ALENE?
What did Morris Dees win in Portland against the White Aryan Resistance in the beating death of a black man by neo-Nazi skinheads in 1990?
Who intend to enforce this verdict?
Who was Butler's chief of staff?
Who did he win $9 million in Portland against by neo-Nazi skinheads in 1990?
What is generally held on Adolf Hitler's birthday?
Who have planted seeds?
What has Dees said?
What did $6. 3 million stop to to the Aryan Nations ' compound?
Who said without them, Jurors do not think I could have done all this?
What is most of north Idaho now filled with?
What found Butler, the Aryan Nations and Saphire Inc. 90 percent negligent and liable for $4. 8 million of the award?
What has Dees said he hoped?
What is filled with the people who escaped multiculturalism or diversity or whatever you want to call it?
What did COEUR D'ALENE award to a woman?
What have we planted?
Who did Morris Dees win $9 million in Portland against the White Aryan Resistance in the beating death of a black man by in 1990?
Who did dees say Jurors does not intend to allow to begin disposing of their assets?
What did Victoria and Jason Keenan say without them, Jurors do not think?
What also awarded Victoria Keenan $250,000 and Jason Keenan $80,000 in compensatory damages?
Who spoke briefly outside the courtroom?
What was Aryan Nations leader Richard Butler, the group and its corporate entity?
What do we intend to enforce?
Who remains a fugitive?
What did he win in Portland against the White Aryan Resistance in the beating death of a black man by neo-Nazi skinheads in 1990?
When did he win $9 million in Portland against the White Aryan Resistance in the beating death of a black man by neo-Nazi skinheads?
Who said this is nothing?
What did Morris Dees win $9 million in against the White Aryan Resistance in the beating death of a black man by neo-Nazi skinheads in 1990?
Who said he does not intend to allow the defendants to begin disposing of their assets?
What was the selection?
Who did Morris Dees win $9 million in Portland against by neo-Nazi skinheads in 1990?
Who represents Butler and the Aryan Nations?
What did Dees win a $7 million verdict against a Ku Klux Klan organization over?
Who was Morris Dees?
What did dees say Jurors does not intend to allow the defendants to begin disposing of?
Who did dees say does not intend to allow the defendants to begin disposing of their assets?
What was the punitive damage award with?
What did Dees force the group to turn over?
What did $6. 3 million stop to search for a dropped wallet near the entrance to?
What did they stop to to the Aryan Nations ' compound?
Who has Dees said hoped the penalty would be severe enough to bankrupt the Aryan Nations?
What did they stop to search for a dropped wallet near the entrance to?
Who did she say without them, do not think I could have done all this?
What did Steele say I consider this area to be?
Who did he say intend to take every single asset from the Aryan Nations now and forever?
Who does Jesus Christ-Christian hold that whites are?
What did she say without, I do not think I could have done all this?
What did dees say of?
What can you write now?
What did Warfield say as?
Who did he win $9 million in Portland against the White Aryan Resistance in the beating death of a black man by in 1990?
Who tried to distance himself from the actions of Warfield, Yeager and a third former guard?
Who did Steele say consider this area to be one of the last bastions of free speech in America?
What was training and supervision of the security guards who assaulted Victoria and Jason Keenan two years ago?
What was Mobile?
What did Edgar Steele say he will move for?
What did dees say he does not intend to allow the defendants to begin disposing of?
Who has said he hoped the penalty would be severe enough to bankrupt the Aryan Nations?
What was Ala.?
Who was Saphire, Inc.?
What would Butler have to post to appeal?
What did they say as?
Who is of the Montgomery, Ala. -based Southern Poverty Law Center?
Whose chief of staff was Michael Teague?
Who had asked the jury to award more than $11 million in punitive damages?
Who blamed the two guards?
What did the jury find in?
What did Steele say I consider this area to be one of?
Who did Victoria and Jason Keenan say without, Jurors do not think I could have done all this?
What can Edgar Steele write now?
What was with $330,000 in compensatory damages to the Keenans?
Who would have to post a $9 million bond to appeal?
Who thanked the jury, her lawyers and her family?
What did the jury find that Aryan Nations leader Richard Butler, the group and its corporate entity were negligent in?
What do we intend to even take?
What had the Keenans ' attorney asked to award more than $11 million in punitive damages?
Who is Shane Wright?
What were?
What did Steele say?
Who was the selection training and supervision of?
Who did he say we intend to take every single asset from now and forever?
What was Portland?
Who did COEUR D'ALENE award $6. 3 million to?
What was Butler's chief of staff found for $600,000?
Who did Edgar Steele say will move for a new trial?
What had the Keenans ' attorney asked the jury to award?
Who did the jury find?
If that fails, who may also seek to have the judgment amount reduced?
Who stopped to search for a dropped wallet near the entrance to the Aryan Nations ' compound?
What does her son who were attacked by Aryan Nations guard outside?
What did she say without them, I do not think I could have done?
Who was Michael Teague?
What did Warfield and Yeager take?
Who said we intend to take every single asset from the Aryan Nations now and forever?
Who holds that whites are the true children of God?
If that fails, who will appeal?
What has the Montgomery lawyer never lost in?
What does Butler preside over the Church of Jesus Christ-Christian?
Who said I consider this area to be one of the last bastions of free speech in America?
What does Butler preside over that blacks and other minorities are inferior?
Who did they say mistook a car backfire as gunfire from the Keenans and perceived a threat?
Who said Jurors does not intend to allow the defendants to begin disposing of their assets?
Who was the Keenans ' attorney?
Who did Butler try to distance from the actions of Warfield, Yeager and a third former guard?
Who set $6 million as a punitive damage award chased?
What did Victoria and Jason Keenan say without, Jurors do not think I could have done all this?
What does Jesus Christ-Christian hold?
What has Dees long used lawsuits to destroy?
What did he win $9 million in against the White Aryan Resistance in the beating death of a black man by neo-Nazi skinheads in 1990?
Who argued Butler was not responsible?
Who is the third former guard?
What did Butler say is nothing?
What did Dees force to turn over its headquarters building?
Whose chief of staff was found 10 percent negligent and liable for $600,000?
Who said without them, I do not think I could have done all this?
What was Victoria Keenan?
What did Warfield say mistook a car backfire as gunfire from the Keenans and perceived a threat?
Who guards outside the white supremacist group's north Idaho headquarters?
Who did she say without them, I do not think could have done all this?
What was Butler's chief of staff found 10 percent negligent and liable for?
Who were also found liable for punitive damages?
Who said he will move for a new trial?
Where did Morris Dees win $9 million against the White Aryan Resistance in the beating death of a black man by neo-Nazi skinheads in 1990?
What did Victoria Keenan thank?
What did they say mistook a car backfire as gunfire from the Keenans and perceived a threat?
Whose attorney had asked the jury to award more than $11 million in punitive damages?
What did Butler try to distance himself from?
Who has never lost in six such lawsuits?
Who did Warfield and Yeager represent?
What said they mistook a car backfire as gunfire from the Keenans and perceived a threat?
What did Edgar Steele say for?
Who has long used lawsuits to destroy the finances of hate groups?
Who did dees say he does not intend to allow to begin disposing of their assets?
When is the gathering generally held?
Who does the third former guard remain?
Who said that Warfield and Yeager were drunk when they attacked the Keenans on the evening of July 1,1998?
How many guards did Steele blame?
Who does Butler preside over the Church of Jesus Christ-Christian that Jews are?
Who can write the epitaph for that now?
What has Dees long used to destroy the finances of hate groups?
What did Victoria and Jason Keenan say without them, Jurors do not think I could have done?
Who did Steele blame?
What found that Aryan Nations leader Richard Butler, the group and its corporate entity were negligent in the selection?
What has Dees long used lawsuits to destroy the finances of?
What did Steele say I consider to be one of the last bastions of free speech in America?
Who said Butler preaches nonviolence?
What awarded $6. 3 million to a woman?
Whose compound did $6. 3 million stop to search for a dropped wallet near the entrance to?
When did Morris Dees win $9 million in Portland against the White Aryan Resistance in the beating death of a black man by neo-Nazi skinheads?
Who spoke briefly?
Who does Jesus Christ-Christian hold that whites are the true children of?
Who was assessed $100,000 in punitive damages and Warfield $500,000 in punitive damages?
Who does Butler preside over the Church of Jesus Christ-Christian that Jews are the offspring of?
Who called Warfield, Yeager and the third former guard unpaid volunteers?
Who did Victoria and Jason Keenan say without them, do not think I could have done all this?
What was Idaho-- A jury on Thursday?
Who intend to even take the name Aryan Nations?
Who represented themselves?
What did the jury also award Victoria Keenan $250,000 and Jason Keenan?
What did the 82-year-old Butler speak briefly outside?
What has Dees said he hoped would be severe enough to bankrupt the Aryan Nations?
Who was Vincent Bertollini?
Who said of her fellow jurors $6 million wanted to bury the whole Aryan Nations?
What did Levin add that racist organizations now focus on?
Who are sending?
Where can Morris Dees do a message in the country?
What did the 82-year-old Butler say Idaho's Panhandle would continue to be outside the courtroom?
Who said it's a small step for human rights?
What did the 82-year-old Butler say would continue to be a haven for racists outside the courtroom?
Who has his group attracted to the region?
Whose compound did they stop to search for a dropped wallet near the entrance to?
Who said they wanted to get the Aryan Nations out of the country?
What will police consider?
What did Victoria and Jason Keenan in 1998 stop to search for a dropped wallet near the entrance to?
Who was the co-founder of the Southern Poverty Law Center in Montgomery, Ala. , and one of the attorneys for the plaintiffs?
What stopped to search for a dropped wallet near the entrance to the Aryan Nations ' compound?
What did the judgment take?
Where has his group attracted neo-Nazis, supremacists and separatists?
What has their strong ideology proved as vital as?
What did Judy Jacobson say of her fellow jurors wanted to bury the whole Aryan Nations?
What did Brian Levin say legal moves have damaged?
Who was in fact?
Who said of her fellow jurors they wanted to bury the whole Aryan Nations?
What did Judy Jacobson say wanted to get the Aryan Nations out of the country?
What can I do in any city in the country?
Who were chased?
What can Morris Dees do a message in in the country?
What pays for mass mailings of Christian Identity?
Who taught about the Holocaust?
Who did Judy Jacobson say of her fellow jurors wanted to bury the whole Aryan Nations?
What has legal moves's strong ideology proved as vital as?
What has his group attracted neo-Nazis, supremacists and separatists to?
What has been home for nearly three decades to the racist Aryan Nations?
What has New technology also allowed extremists to reach a much larger audience at?
What did the 82-year-old Butler say outside the courtroom?
What did Bertollini say after the verdict's the idea?
What did Levin add on?
Who has New technology also allowed to reach a much larger audience at less cost?
Who was a self-styled evangelist in the anti-Semitic 11th Hour Remnant Messenger of Sandpoint?
What did Bertollini say after the verdict the money's?
What has COEUR D'ALENE been for nearly three decades to the racist Aryan Nations?
Who appeared confident after the verdict?
What do you not believe in?
Whose compound did Victoria and Jason Keenan in 1998 stop to search for a dropped wallet near the entrance to?
Who will the application be then turned over to?
Whose sect pays for mass mailings of Christian Identity?
Who added that racist organizations now focus on small cells of individuals, rather than larger, organized groups such as Butler's?
What did Morris Dees even suggest turning the 20-acre Aryan Nations compound into?
Who said Idaho's Panhandle would continue to be a haven for racists outside the courtroom?
What did Vincent Bertollini offer to pick up in Butler's case?
What was most notorious of these groups?
Who was Marshall Mend?
What is Idaho-- Northern Idaho, predominantly white and rural?
What did Butler appear confident after?
What can Morris Dees do a message in any city in?
What did Brian Levin say have damaged the groups?
Who downplayed Butler's claims lived in the state?
Who did she say they wanted to get out of the country?
What also has allowed extremists to reach a much larger audience at less cost?
What will be then turned over to city leaders for possible approval?
What did Marshall Mend say it's?
What did the 45-year-old carpet layer say she and two other jurors prevented from awarding a much higher judgment?
Who was Brian Levin?
Who does not believe in his beliefs?
Who can do a message in any city in the country?
Who did the 45-year-old carpet layer say prevented the panel from awarding a much higher judgment?
What did the 45-year-old carpet layer say?
What attracted about 100 followers and many more counter-demonstrators?
What has Dees won?
What did Morris Dees teach about?
What did Julia Aho say Friday, he applied for a parade permit to march in?
Who are in jail?
Who do some organizations also have?
Who was Morris Dees?
When has COEUR D'ALENE been home to the racist Aryan Nations?
What did the 82-year-old Butler say Idaho's Panhandle would continue to be a haven for racists outside?
What do residents say may be the first step toward rehabilitating the region's image?
What did Bertollini reportedly make before moving to northern Idaho to found his sect tracts?
When did fewer than two dozen march?
Who said Kootenai County has about 220 blacks in an estimated population of more than 100,000?
What did he downplay lived in the state?
What did Jurors set as the punitive award?
What has it struggled with as a haven for hate?
Who has COEUR D'ALENE been home for nearly three decades to?
What did they stop to to the Aryan Nations ' compound?
What did they stop to search for a dropped wallet near the entrance to?
What is New technology?
What said she and two other jurors prevented the panel from awarding a much higher judgment?
What do residents say?
Who was Julia Aho?
Whose claims said only about 100 Aryan Nations members?
What said only about 100 Aryan Nations members?
Who has never been convicted of any crime?
Whose claims did he downplay lived in the state?
What did he even suggest turning the 20-acre Aryan Nations compound into?
Who did Judy Jacobson say of they wanted to bury the whole Aryan Nations?
Who did the group's parade in 1998 attract?
What does his sect pay for?
What also have their own wealthy patrons?
Who did Judy Jacobson say of $6 million wanted to bury the whole Aryan Nations?
What were human rights?
What did Mend say Kootenai County has?
What will be reviewed by police?
What did Morris Dees even suggest turning into a center for tolerance?
What can I do it in any city in?
Whose claims did Marshall Mend downplay lived in the state?
Who did Judy Jacobson say of her fellow jurors $6 million wanted to bury?
What do this guy not believe in?
What was Morris Dees the co-founder of?
What was most notorious of these groups's leader killed during a 1984 shoot-out with?
What did he even suggest turning into a center for tolerance?
What has COEUR D'ALENE struggled with a reputation as?
What did Morris Dees say he intended to enforce?
Who said he intended to enforce the judgment?
What do I 'm not going to force this guy out of?
What was a violent offshoot that embarked on a nationwide crime spree in the 1980s?
Who offered to pick up the expenses in Butler's case?
What has Butler never been convicted of?
Who was deputy city clerk?
Who do I 'm not going to force out of his property and his home?
What did Marshall Mend downplay lived in the state?
Who stopped to search for a dropped wallet near the entrance to the Aryan Nations ' compound?
What did Jurors set $6 million as?
How many blacks in an estimated population of more than 100,000 did Mend say Kootenai County has?
What did Bertollini say after the money's the idea?
What has struggled with a reputation as a haven for hate?
What has COEUR D'ALENE struggled with as a haven for hate?
Who said legal moves have damaged the groups?
How many Aryan Nations members did Butler's claims say?
What did Mend say I see as being very, very positive?
Who was a human rights activist whose home and business were allegedly targeted for firebombings by Aryan Nations members?
Who did Judy Jacobson say of her fellow jurors they wanted to bury?
What is nothing?
What is the message?
What was The Order host Alan Berg in Denver?
What was its leader killed during a 1984 shoot-out with?
Who said?
What were one giant step for Idaho?
Who said COEUR D'ALENE's a small step for human rights?
Who did Judy Jacobson say $6 million wanted to get out of the country?
What was the Order?
Who was a California State University professor who has studied hate groups?
What has proved as vital as funding?
What was its leader killed during with the FBI?
Who 'mes not going to force this guy out of his property and his home?
Who said $6 million wanted to get the Aryan Nations out of the country?
What is the money?
What was most notorious of these groups's leader killed during with the FBI?
What did jurors find in this week's case?
What has New technology also allowed extremists to reach at less cost?
What did Bertollini say after the verdict it's?
What did Julia Aho say Friday, he applied for permit to march in downtown Coeur d'Alene either Oct. 15 or Oct. 28?
What can I do it in in the country?
What did Marshall Mend say's a small step for human rights?
What is separatism?
What took everything the Aryan Nations owns?
What did Victoria and Jason Keenan in 1998 stop to to the Aryan Nations ' compound?
What will the application be reviewed by?
What did he teach about?
What have survived?
What is especially the Internet?
What did Bertollini say after it's the idea?
What was Butler in?
What does Vincent Bertollini's sect pay for?
What are sending?
Where did Julia Aho say Friday, he applied for a parade permit to march?
What marched in 1999?
Who can do it in any city in the country?
What did Marshall Mend say COEUR D'ALENE's?
Who said after the verdict the money's the idea?
What said, ` No more hate? '
Who reportedly made millions in California's Silicon Valley before moving to northern Idaho to found his sect tracts?
Who said after the verdict it's the idea?
What can Morris Dees do in any city in the country?
Who has won significant civil judgments against the Ku Klux Klan and the White Aryan Resistance?
Who said I see it as being very, very positive?
Where can I do it in the country?
Who did Butler's claims say?
What has attracted neo-Nazis, supremacists and separatists to the region?
What did Morris Dees say?
Whose case did Vincent Bertollini offer to pick up the expenses in?
Who said Friday, he applied for a parade permit to march in downtown Coeur d'Alene either Oct. 15 or Oct. 28?
What cannot do?
What did she say wanted to get the Aryan Nations out of the country?
What will consider security issues?
What are most of the group's followers in?
What did Mend say has about 220 blacks in an estimated population of more than 100,000?
Who do not believe in his beliefs?
Who even suggested turning the 20-acre Aryan Nations compound into a center for tolerance?
Who did Morris Dees say intended to enforce the judgment?
What did Brian Levin say?
What has it struggled with a reputation as?
What were the Keenans?
What is COEUR D'ALENE?
What did Vincent Bertollini offer to pick up the expenses in?
Who set $6 million as the punitive award?
Who was killed during a 1984 shoot-out with the FBI?
Who did Mend say see it as being very, very positive?
Who did she say wanted to get the Aryan Nations out of the country?
When did Butler say that he has not asked Vincent Bertollini or Carl Story, both of Sandpoint, Idaho, to pay the judgment?
Who said from a church pulpit?
What was Morris Dees?
Who bought nearly 30 years ago?
Whose compound did Jurors award the damages to the Keenans to?
Who has he been the site of annual gatherings by?
What did he say would continue?
What did Butler say at a news conference on the 20-acre Aryan Nations compound?
Who did Jurors award the damages to to the Aryan Nations ' compound?
Whose views did attorney Edgar Steele of Sandpoint say?
What did HAYDEN LAKE vow Saturday he will not leave?
Who said his neo-Nazi sect would continue?
What did Butler say from?
What did Butler compare to trials in the former Soviet Union under dictator Josef Stalin?
Who said Steele did not share the Aryan Nations ' views?
Who was Ala.?
What is Butler?
What did Butler say there do not have that kind of?
What did he say local politicians want to improve by mongrelizing the white race up here?
What did Idaho politicians and community leaders express hope after that Butler would leave the area and take his organization with him?
Who did Butler say Mister Steele took the case for out of his concern for freedom of speech?
When has freedom of speech been on trial?
Who did Butler stand next to a silver bust of?
What did Butler say was built on love?
What did he say local politicians want to improve the image of by mongrelizing the white race up here?
What did he bemoan the expected loss of?
What did Butler say they do not have?
Who were chased?
Who compared his trial to trials in the former Soviet Union under dictator Josef Stalin?
Who awarded the damages to the Keenans to the Aryan Nations ' compound?
Who did Idaho politicians and community leaders express hope after last week's judgment with?
What did Butler also praise attorney Edgar Steele of for taking his case?
Who did Aryan Nations leader Richard Butler say local want to improve the image of Idaho by mongrelizing the white race up here?
Who did Morris Dees represent?
Whose views did he say Steele did not share?
Who did he say local want to improve the image of Idaho by mongrelizing the white race up here?
What did he say local?
Who stood next to a silver bust of Adolf Hitler?
Who never talked about it?
What is it?
What did the damages stop?
What did Aryan Nations leader Richard Butler say local politicians want to improve by mongrelizing the white race up here?
Who said Mister Steele took the case for me out of his concern for freedom of speech?
Who has been the site of annual gatherings by his supporters?
What did Butler say he did not have at a news conference on the 20-acre Aryan Nations compound?
What did HAYDEN LAKE vow Saturday Aryan Nations leader Richard Butler will not leave?
What did Butler compare his trial to under dictator Josef Stalin?
What did Idaho politicians and community leaders express after last week's judgment that Butler would leave the area and take his organization with him?
What vowed Saturday Aryan Nations leader Richard Butler will not leave northern Idaho?
When did HAYDEN LAKE vow Aryan Nations leader Richard Butler will not leave northern Idaho?
Who has applied for a permit to hold another parade down the streets of nearby Coeur d'Alene in October?
What has Butler applied for in October?
What is this place?
What did Butler say do not have that kind of money?
What did he say?
Who did Butler compare his trial to trials in the former Soviet Union under?
What did HAYDEN LAKE vow Saturday?
What did they stop?
What did a jury find?
What is nearby Coeur d'Alene?
Who expects?
Who expressed hope after last week's judgment that Butler would leave the area and take his organization with him?
What did he say he may seek?
What is Idaho?
What has Aryan Nations leader Richard Butler been the site of by his supporters?
What did Butler stand?
What did Jurors award the damages to the Keenans to?
What did he bemoan?
What did Aryan Nations leader Richard Butler say would continue?
Who did he say did not share the Aryan Nations ' views?
Who said Saturday that he has not asked Vincent Bertollini or Carl Story, both of Sandpoint, Idaho, to pay the judgment?
What did Butler say Saturday?
Who said there do not have that kind of money?
What has been on trial for the past two weeks?
Who bemoaned the expected loss of the compound?
What did Butler say this place was built on?
Who did Butler say do not have that kind of money?
What did Butler say they do not have that kind of?
Who has Aryan Nations leader Richard Butler been the site of annual gatherings by?
Who did he say may seek a new trial?
What did Jurors award to the Keenans to the Aryan Nations ' compound?
Who was co-founder of the Southern Poverty Law Center in Montgomery?
Who is 82?
Who did Butler say took the case for me out of his concern for freedom of speech?
What did Butler say Mister Steele took for me out of his concern for freedom of speech?
When has Butler applied for a permit to hold another parade down the streets of nearby Coeur d'Alene?
What did Butler say there do not have?
What did Aryan Nations leader Richard Butler bemoan?
What vowed Saturday he will not leave northern Idaho?
Who did attorney Edgar Steele of Sandpoint say did not share the Aryan Nations ' views?
Who represented the Keenans?
What has Morris Dees said he intends to take?
What was Idaho-- Aryan Nations leader Richard Butler?
What did he say Steele did not share?
What has freedom of speech been on for the past two weeks?
What is a place to worship with your own kind?
Who stopped their car near the entrance?
What has Aryan Nations leader Richard Butler been by his supporters?
Who was Morris Dees?
What did Aryan Nations leader Richard Butler bemoan the expected loss of?
Who has Morris Dees said intends to take everything the Aryan Nations owns to pay the judgment?
What did Aryan Nations leader Richard Butler say local?
When did HAYDEN LAKE vow he will not leave northern Idaho?
Who did HAYDEN LAKE vow Saturday will not leave northern Idaho?
Whose views did he say?
What found that Butler and his organization were negligent in selecting and overseeing security guards who assaulted Victoria Keenan and her son Jason in 1998?
What did Aryan Nations leader Richard Butler say local politicians want to improve the image of by mongrelizing the white race up here?
What was Morris Dees co-founder of?
Who said he may seek a new trial?
Who said they do not have that kind of money?
What stopped their car near the entrance?
Who said local politicians want to improve the image of Idaho by mongrelizing the white race up here?
What did attorney Edgar Steele of Sandpoint say Steele did not share?
What was HAYDEN LAKE?
What did Butler say Saturday that he has not asked Vincent Bertollini or Carl Story, both of Sandpoint, Idaho, to pay?
Who did Aryan Nations leader Richard Butler say may seek a new trial?
Who said this place was built on love?
What did we never talk about?
What did attorney Edgar Steele of Sandpoint say?
Who has said he intends to take everything the Aryan Nations owns to pay the judgment?
What did Aryan Nations leader Richard Butler say he may seek?
Who also praised attorney Edgar Steele of Sandpoint for taking his case?
What were the Keenans?
Who did Butler also praise for taking his case?
What did Aryan Nations leader Richard Butler say?
Who did Butler say Saturday that he has not asked to pay the judgment?
Whose views did attorney Edgar Steele of Sandpoint say Steele did not share?
What has he been the site of by his supporters?
What has Morris Dees said?
What has he been by his supporters?
What drew white supremacists from across the nation to hear speeches?
When did Butler begin holding an annual event called the Aryan Nations Congress?
What has Morris Dees said he expected?
When has Kootenai County Sheriff Rocky Watson said?
Who is the civil rights lawyer who led the plaintiffs ' legal team?
Who did the gatherings draw from across the nation to hear speeches?
Who moved to northern Idaho from California in 1973?
What did a week after the group was slap with a $6. 3 million judgment in a civil lawsuit was posted on the neo-Nazi group's Web site Friday?
What did a jury rule?
Whose guards were the Aryan Nations assaulted by?
Who is appealing the judgment to the Idaho Supreme Court?
What was the first indication that the lawsuit may drive the group out of Idaho?
Who may move its annual white supremacist gathering to Pennsylvania next year?
What was brought by the Southern Poverty Law Center?
What did Butler move to from California in 1973?
Whose guards were they assaulted by?
What was?
When did Butler move to northern Idaho from California?
What did the gatherings draw white supremacists from across the nation to hear?
What will the sheriff's office hold?
Who is Morris Dees?
Who were the Aryan Nations assaulted by?
What did Butler begin holding in 1981?
Who has said his officers will seize the Aryan Nations compound on Sept. 29?
What did Victoria and Jason Keenan file?
Who may move eviction's annual white supremacist gathering to Pennsylvania next year?
Who has been asked if I would continue to host the yearly National Congress?
What is an astounding YES?
What were assaulted by Aryan Nations ' guards?
Where did Butler move from California in 1973?
Who began holding an annual event called the Aryan Nations Congress in 1981?
What did a week after the group was slap with a $6. 3 million judgment in the news was posted on the neo-Nazi group's Web site Friday?
What will the sheriff's office store?
Who filed the lawsuit, and their lawyers?
What was Ulysses?
What was the lawsuit brought by?
Whose office will hold a sale?
Whose office will store the contents?
Who has said he expected the judgment to bring a quick end to the Aryan Nations and its racist, anti-Semitic message?
What did kreis write that if the compound is lost, the Aryan Nations National Congress 2001 would be planned for?
What will store the contents?
What will hold a sale?
What drew white supremacists from across the nation to participate in cross burnings and other activities?
Who were they assaulted by?
Who was Butler, his organization and its corporate entity?
Who declined to talk with reporters Friday?
What did the gatherings draw white supremacists from across the nation to participate in?
What was the notice?
What ruled that Butler, his organization and its corporate entity were negligent in selecting and overseeing security guards who attacked the Keenans in 1998?
Who was Saphire Inc.?
What did Butler move to northern Idaho from in 1973?
When slapped with a $6. 3 million judgment in a civil lawsuit the news was posted on the neo-Nazi group's Web site Friday?
What is course?
What has Kootenai County Sheriff Rocky Watson said his officers will seize on Sept. 29?
What did a week after the group was slap with in a civil lawsuit the news was posted on the neo-Nazi group's Web site Friday?
Who wrote that if the compound is lost, the Aryan Nations National Congress 2001 would be planned for a site near Ulysses?
Who has Morris Dees said expected the judgment to bring a quick end to the Aryan Nations and its racist, anti-Semitic message?
Who has Kootenai County Sheriff Rocky Watson said will seize the Aryan Nations compound on Sept. 29?
Who did the gatherings draw from across the nation to participate in cross burnings and other activities?
When has Kootenai County Sheriff Rocky Watson said his officers will seize the Aryan Nations compound?
Who was Pa.?
Who did Aryan Nations leader Richard Butler decline to talk with?
What did kreis write for?
Who were assaulted by Aryan Nations ' guards?
Who filed the lawsuit, and the contents's lawyers?
What has Morris Dees said?
What did a week after the group was slap with a $6. 3 million judgment in a civil lawsuit the news was posted on Friday?
What can you assume?
Who is Jesse Camp's son's real name?
Who has little regard for you musical descendants whose rage seems more like a fashion accessory?
Who are the Grammys not advocating starting up a local chapter of?
Who evoked the wrath of Catholics?
Who do I suppose it bothers that people like them have sold a lot more records than I ever sold?
Who 've got to the heck the out of here?
What do they 've got to out of here?
Who 'm not ashamed of who who I sleep with is nobody's businesses?
What does O'Connor tell writer Chris Norris she has in the current &UR; Spin &LR;?
What does Jesse Camp's dad tell Spin?
What is an ode to those faithful women who help the boys through our lives?
Who 'd rather have you die wanting to know?
What 're just young moody?
What 're not controversial in any way?
Who do Bindley want to make?
What is Morris Dees leader of?
What is Bindley quick to say everything on?
Who want to influence people in the ` hood?
Whose list does dissing Farrakhan and the Nation belong on?
What did she champion?
What seem like they could not care less if they make men uncomfortable?
Whose Rhodas are the Lavernes to our Shirleys?
Who belongs on Dees's list?
Who do Bindley wanna think am my sexuality?
What does Morris Dees get an unwarranted slap in the MediaWatch column in?
Who is his dad?
If the boys cannot handle it what do not have to go home?
Whose dad tells Spin his son ``is a good sweet kid who has created a bit of a facade''?
Who should be live it up as bachelors?
Who does O'Connor tell she has few regrets about actions which brought her grief in the past in the current &UR; Spin &LR;?
Who does O'Connor tell writer Chris Norris has few regrets about actions which brought her grief in the past in the current &UR; Spin &LR;?
What do they play?
Who 'd I rather have die wanting to know?
What does Morris Dees get in the same issue?
What is an ode to those faithful women who help us through our lives?
Who was she threatened by for boycotting the Star-Spangled Banner?
Who has always gotten props for dropping dimes on the hateful activities of such groups as the Ku Klux Klan and Aryan Nation?
What does dissing Farrakhan and the Nation belong on?
If the boys cannot handle it who do not have to go home?
What does O'Connor tell writer Chris Norris she has few regrets about actions which brought her grief in the past in?
Who is on the road?
What do I suppose it bothers me?
Who talks about those rumors?
Who tells Spin his son ``is a good sweet kid who has created a bit of a facade''?
What does O'Connor seem less prickly?
What do not cause trouble?
Who are the boys's Rhodas?
What can Bindley assume?
Who could not care less if they make men uncomfortable?
What seems like it may be the latter?
Who was the beautiful woman who desexualized herself by shaving her head?
What is J. Holden Camp chairman of?
Who does his dad tell his son ``is a good sweet kid who has created a bit of a facade''?
What do you wanna think?
What did he do well in?
What was a refreshingly candid moment in an industry lousy with pretense?
What do they 're not controversial in?
What 'll I never answer?
Who did she flip off?
What does she talk about?
Who do you want to make?
What did he have a lot of with drama?
Who do not cause trouble?
What are those who are the Marys to our Rhodas?
Who 'd Bindley rather have die wanting to know?
What has Farrakhan made?
What do Bindley wanna think?
Who 'm not ashamed of who I am?
Who seems a bit less prickly?
Who supposes it bothers me that people like them have sold a lot more records than I ever sold?
What is right back at ` cha?
What is the Girlfriends issue?
What 've got to the heck the out of here?
What did Dees add the Nation of Islam to?
Who is chairman of the humanities department at the University of Hartford?
What do Bindley wanna think I am?
Whose dad is J. Holden Camp?
What are the boys's lives?
What do you want to influence in the ` hood?
Who should men be live married life up as?
What did he have with drama?
Who sleep with?
What may it be?
Who are the Lavernes to our Shirleys?
What did he have a lot of fun with?
Who want to make friends?
Who do Bindley want to influence people in?
What do the Grammys _?
Who wants to influence people in the ` hood?
Who added the Nation of Islam to SPLC's list of hate groups?
What has Dees always gotten?
Who 're just young moody?
Who played a lesbian bank robber in the 1996 urban caper ``Set It Off''?
What do the Grammys play?
What do the Grammys 're not controversial in?
Who do you wanna think am my sexuality?
What can you practically smell aftershave on?
What do quite a lot of the other things _ like?
What can married life be can be as often as the World Cup?
Who had a lot of fun with drama?
What were so jaw-droppingly over though they overshadowed her talent and undermined record sales?
Who are our Rhodas?
Whose real name is Josh?
If the boys cannot handle it what do they not have to go?
What do the Grammys not cause?
What is this month's edition?
When did George Michael come out?
When was it lousy with pretense?
Who has been weaving questions about whether she prefers princesses to princes in her queendom?
Who is leader of the Southern Poverty Law Center?
Who is his son's real name?
What do I suppose bothers me that people like them have sold a lot more records than I ever sold?
Who says, ``I respect myself for being the age that I was and having this passion and integrity that I did have''?
What do I suppose?
I can say about the Pope thing, who 'mes very proud of that I would do it again?
What does his dad tell Spin?
Who has made anti-Semitic remarks, as well as homophobic and misogynistic comments?
What 'll Bindley never answer?
What can be can be a soul-sucking morass of soggy diapers, minivans, and sex as often as the World Cup?
What is O'Connor?
Who can practically smell aftershave on every page?
Who is Morris Dees?
What may any way be?
Who was a fiesty zealot with the voice of an angry angel forever raging against the machine?
Who do Bindley 'm?
Who is Bindley quick to say everything writes ``is predicated on the belief that the bachelor existence should be temporary''?
Who is Jesse Camp's dad?
When was the wrath of Catholics, including a hypocritical Madonna lousy with pretense?
Who sleeps with?
Who 'mes me?
What are our lives?
Who is this suumer as part of the Lilith Fair?
What does O'Connor tell writer Chris Norris she has few regrets about in the current &UR; Spin &LR;?
I can say about the Pope thing, who 'mes very proud of that and I stand by it?
What 'd Bindley rather have?
Who tells writer Chris Norris she has few regrets about actions which brought her grief in the past in the current &UR; Spin &LR;?
Who did she evoke the wrath of?
What are the Grammys not advocating starting up?
Who wants to make friends?
Who 'll never answer the question?
When does singledom mean?
What is O'Connor on?
Who does Jesse Camp's dad tell his son ``is a good sweet kid who has created a bit of a facade''?
Who gets an unwarranted slap in the MediaWatch column in the same issue?
If the boys cannot handle this smart New York-based quarterly what do not have to go home?
Whose lives are those who are the Marys to our Rhodas?
Who was threatened by Frank Sinatra for boycotting the Star-Spangled Banner?
What does he belong on?
Who came out earlier this year?
What is Queen Latifah the first lady of?
Who does the woman born Dana Owens tell, ``Bindley have no problems with my sexuality''?
Who are we not advocating starting up a local chapter of?
Who 'm me?
Who _ I would not do now because they 're just young moody?
What do the boys 've got to out of here?
What does O'Connor tell writer Chris Norris in the current &UR; Spin &LR;?
Who wanna think I am my sexuality?
What can married life be can be a soul-sucking morass of soggy diapers, minivans, and sex as often as?
Who is the first lady of hip-hop?
What are we not advocating starting up?
What only intensified after she played a lesbian bank robber in the 1996 urban caper ``Set It Off?''
What did Dees add the Nation of to SPLC's list of hate groups?
Who has been bobbing?
Whose list does he belong on?
Who 're not controversial in any way?
What do you wanna think I am?
What may be the latter?
What could not care less if they make men uncomfortable?
What is dedicated to celebrating all things female?
If the boys cannot handle this smart New York-based quarterly who do not have to go home?
What do Bindley want to influence in the ` hood?
What did Sinead O'Connor earn on ``Saturday Night Live''?
What _ like the national anthem?
When did he come out?
Who do the Grammys _ would not do now because they 're just young moody?
Who is J. Holden Camp?
If the boys cannot handle this smart New York-based quarterly what do they not have to go?
Who can assume whatever you want?
Who did she play in the 1996 urban caper ``Set It Off''?
Who tells writer Amy Linden, ``Bindley have no problems with my sexuality''?
What is Josh?
What did Dees add to SPLC's list of hate groups?
Who flipped off the Grammys?
Who does the woman born Dana Owens tell, ``I have no problems with my sexuality''?
What did she play a lesbian bank robber in ``Set It Off''?
What does she have?
What can married life be can be a soul-sucking morass of as often as the World Cup?
Who 'mes not ashamed of who who I sleep with is nobody's businesses?
Who do you want to influence people in?
Who is quick to say everything he writes ``is predicated on the belief that the bachelor existence should be temporary''?
Who should be live married life up as bachelors?
What still is?
Who wanna thinks I am my sexuality?
What is that slap right back at?
Who championed Public Enemy?
Who should men be live it up as?
Who 'mes not ashamed of who I am?
What should men be live up as bachelors?
Who play a game?
What 'd I rather have?
Who tells writer Amy Linden, ``I have no problems with my sexuality''?
What did she evoke?
Who are not advocating starting up a local chapter of Spanky and Alfalfa's He-Man Women-Haters Club?
What do I suppose it bothers me that people like them have sold?
What play a game?
Who did well in school?
Who is Queen Latifah?
Who do I 'm?
What do they not cause?
Whose grieving survivors did he assure all within earshot on?
Who did the men think was biracial?
What did King have?
Who said Butts was beaten so hard the handle of the shovel eventually broke?
What is much of the hatred fueled by?
Who said they are being committed by whites and blacks?
Who did he say are being committed by whites and blacks?
Who did authorities say was beaten so hard the handle of the shovel eventually broke?
Who can hardly stop it if we 're not even willing to look at it?
Who did a group of black teen-agers attack as he was walking to his car in October in Buffalo?
What did authorities say Butts was beaten so hard the handle of eventually broke?
Who was?
Who was Colo.?
Who did they say appeared gleeful?
What did authorities say Butts was beaten so hard of?
What did Lance Cpl leave in San Diego?
What is Tex.?
What is done?
What was broken?
What was Fort Worth?
What was he beaten to in a cemetery in Victor by a group of black men and teen-agers?
What can hardly stop an everyday occurrence if we 're not even willing to look at it?
Who said they saw the teen-agers jumping high in the air so they could land on Trzaska's head with both feet?
What did King assure within earshot that Byrd's grieving survivors were welcome to perform a sex act on him?
What does that attitude presuppose?
What tells most Americans otherwise?
Who was walking to his car?
What did witnesses say in?
Who was gay?
When did witnesses say they saw jumping high in the air so they could land on Trzaska's head with both feet?
What fit a certain despised profile?
Who said he was murdered because he was gay?
What tells us otherwise?
Whose head could witnesses land on with both feet?
What is he paralyzed from down?
Who did a group of whites armed with brass knuckles ' attack?
What led to the murder of Mark Dale Butts?
What is fueled by the growing number of organized hate groups and the proliferation of Internet sites devoted to racism, anti-Semitism, homophobia and other forms of intolerance?
What ' attacked Lance Cpl?
What did witnesses say?
What was N. Y.?
How many men joined in the assault?
What was not killed?
Who was Mark Dale Butts?
What did witnesses say black teen-agers saw the teen-agers jumping high in so they could land on Trzaska's head with both feet?
What is the Southern Poverty Law Center in Montgomery?
What would most Americans like to believe that the attack on Byrd was?
What did authorities say of?
What were reported to have burst out laughing when she died?
Who were mistaken?
What can people hardly stop if we 're not even willing to look at it?
When did a group of black teen-agers attack a 41-year-old white man as he was walking to his car?
What said?
What was ``to go out?''
What was last May beaten to death in a cemetery in Victor by?
Who grined?
Who could land on Trzaska's head with both feet?
Who was chosen because the men thought she was biracial?
Where was last May beaten to death by a group of black men and teen-agers?
Where did witnesses say they saw the teen-agers jumping high so they could land on Trzaska's head with both feet?
What was ``to shoot black folks?''
What did he say are being committed by whites and blacks?
Who was a 24-year-old white supremacist?
What did authorities say?
Who did witnesses say saw the teen-agers jumping high in the air so they could land on Trzaska's head with both feet?
Who fit a certain despised profile?
Who was Morris Dees?
What did the men think?
Who joined in the assault?
Who did he say they are being committed by?
What did Morris Dees say are being committed by whites and blacks?
What is understandable?
Who said the boys appeared gleeful?
Who were reported to have burst out laughing when Amy Robinson died?
What was used in the attack?
Whose grieving survivors did King assure all within earshot on?
What was Texas?
What was last May beaten to in a cemetery in Victor by a group of black men and teen-agers?
What could they land on with both feet?
Who said he is surprised by what appears to be the increasing frequency and viciousness of such attacks?
What is a recent report from the Southern Poverty Law Center in Montgomery filled with?
What is Jasper?
Who said black teen-agers saw the teen-agers jumping high in the air so they could land on Trzaska's head with both feet?
What did he assure all within that Byrd's grieving survivors were welcome to perform a sex act on him?
What was the 41-year-old white man?
What could witnesses land on with both feet?
What did Lance Cpl leave a party in?
What was a shovel used in?
Who stomped to death?
Who did authorities say was murdered because he was gay?
Who was a 35-year-old white man?
Who thought Amy Robinson was biracial?
What did witnesses say they saw the teen-agers jumping high in so they could land on Trzaska's head with both feet?
What did they say?
What were mistaken?
What did authorities say Butts was beaten so hard handle of the shovel eventually broke?
What was Gary Trzaska walking to?
Who did witnesses say appeared gleeful?
Who is paralyzed from the neck down?
Who assured all within earshot that Byrd's grieving survivors were welcome to perform a sex act on him?
Who did King assure all within earshot on?
What does what's?
What hate crimes?
What was he walking to?
Who did he assure all within earshot on?
Who was a 21-year-old black Marine?
What did he leave a party in?
What could witnesses land on Trzaska's head with?
What was he beaten to death in a cemetery in Victor by?
What was last May beaten to death in by a group of black men and teen-agers?
What did as many as 30 men join in?
Who said authorities are being committed by whites and blacks?
What would most Americans like to believe?
Whose neck was broken?
What could they land on Trzaska's head with?
What attacked a 41-year-old white man as he was walking to his car in October in Buffalo?
What did he assure within earshot that Byrd's grieving survivors were welcome to perform a sex act on him?
Who was the chief trial counsel of the Law Center?
What was San Diego?
What was Buffalo?
Who thought she was biracial?
What was Morris Dees the chief trial counsel of?
What was Calif.?
What did King assure all within that Byrd's grieving survivors were welcome to perform a sex act on him?
What did Trzaska stomp to?
What do they fit?
What might suggest?
Where did witnesses say black teen-agers saw the teen-agers jumping high so they could land on Trzaska's head with both feet?
What did a racially charged exchange in a bar lead to?
When was beaten to death in a cemetery in Victor by a group of black men and teen-agers?
What is Lance Cpl paralyzed from down?
When did witnesses say black teen-agers saw jumping high in the air so they could land on Trzaska's head with both feet?
Who did Morris Dees say authorities are being committed by?
What presupposes that race hatred and other forms of prejudice and intolerance in America are not nearly as deep or as dangerous as the attack on Byrd might suggest?
Who did Morris Dees say is surprised by what appears to be the increasing frequency and viciousness of such attacks?
What's the point of wallowing in the hideousness of the crime?
Who said King was murdered because he was gay?
Where did witnesses say?
What said the boys appeared gleeful?
Who left a party in San Diego?
What do people fit?
Who would like to believe that the attack on Byrd was an aberration?
Whose head did witnesses say in?
What was Victor?
What did witnesses say saw the teen-agers jumping high in the air so they could land on Trzaska's head with both feet?
Who was King?
What was he beaten to death in by a group of black men and teen-agers?
Whose head could they land on with both feet?
Who was beaten to death in a cemetery in Victor by a group of black men and teen-agers?
Who was Gary Trzaska?
What do tracks hate?
What did he leave in San Diego?
Who did have something to say?
What did Morris Dees say?
What can we hardly stop if we 're not even willing to look at it?
What is Ala.?
Who did a group of whites chanting ` white power ' attack?
Who was Carlos Colbert?
What is filled with other horrible examples that occurred last year?
What could land on Trzaska's head with both feet?
Where did he leave a party?
Who were reported to have burst out laughing when she died?
What was Ms. Robinson chosen because the men thought?
Where did Lance Cpl leave a party?
Where was he beaten to death by a group of black men and teen-agers?
What hate groups across the country?
Who does a long litany of tragedies tell otherwise?
Who was beaten?
What _ From the ground, Glass still looks like a Roman god?
What has the U. S. become unbridled in its use of U. S. troops around?
What are we staffed 8 a. m. to?
What did doubters figure on?
What did INDONESIA-SUHARTO _ nine months after the fall of Suharto, and the prospects for the June general election?
Who (is a columnist for Cox News Service in the Washington bureau? )
What does Lime leach down?
Who volunteered to sit with the ailing father of the white racist on trial for dragging a black man to death?
Who was his role one of the most difficult's ever had to face?
Who do Democrats acknowledge to?
Who joined the heap of 400 other black churches burned from 1993 to 1996 before sunrise?
What does he loom atop?
What do we look at?
What was a consoler in the courtroom all through the dreadful trial that appalled America?
What does it call for throughout government?
What are some strategists, handlers, fund raisers and advertising executives choosing up?
Who looked out for Georgia?
Who had the Ku Klux Klan nailed to the door of the Macedonia Baptist Church?
Who is in Morris Dees's legal firing line?
What drips embarrassingly from Vulcan's crotch?
Who insist the plan will work?
What does Vulcan loom atop?
What MICROSOFT _ WASHINGTON _ Can be flexible and youthful enough to govern a rapidly morphing technology industry?
What did MOVED friday in?
What had the Ku Klux Klan nailed a flier to?
What was the Catholic priest's role he's ever had to face?
What do MOVED TUESDAY BUSH-PLAYERS _ WASHINGTON _ in?
What makes damning criticisms of the metropolitan London police, pointing out?
What does the report make damning criticisms of, pointing out?
Whose complex funding plan to save Social Security do Democrats acknowledge that making understandable to average voters is a tough task?
Who figured Morris Dees was out to make a buck on their tragedy?
What do Democrats insist?
Who do LIFESTYLE VULCAN _ BIRMINGHAM _ From the ground, he still looks like?
Whose calves does Lime leach down?
Where is the Aryan Nations?
Whose legal firing line is the Aryan Nations in?
What was one of the most difficult he's ever had to face?
What will not think so right away?
What does the report make damning, pointing out?
When did Gingrich's resignation follow Nunn's retirement?
Whose complex funding plan to save Social Security is an ineffective fraud?
Who do they lack the clout of?
What did a white lawyer from Alabama call offering to sue?
What do Democrats acknowledge that making it understandable to average voters is?
When did Macedonia's ashes join the heap of 400 other black churches burned from 1993 to 1996?
What can be found at the end of this budget?
Who says, ``Vulcan is like a lot of people you meet in bars''?
Who lack the clout of the onetime chairman of the Senate Armed Services Committee and the Speaker of the House?
Whose ankles are rusting?
What is going to get a person to join?
Who do Democrats acknowledge that making SOCIAL-SECURITY _ WASHINGTON _ President Clinton's complex funding plan to save Social Security understandable to is a tough task?
What was MOVED NATIONAL JASPER-PRIEST _ JASPER?
What drips embarrassingly from his crotch?
Whose role was one of the most difficult he's ever had to face?
Who do LIFESTYLE VULCAN _ BIRMINGHAM _ From the ground, Glass still looks like?
What glowed the orange of a fireball?
What _ The changing racial face of America; how teen and adult attitudes toward race relations differ?
What is the most vital mode of transportation still the rickshaw in?
How many front-runners hold off on formally becoming candidates?
What is Greg Laudick?
If stories will move after 8 p. m. Eastern, what will be given?
What are now pulled by cycle?
What are wITH PHOTOS OPED\/EDITORIAL TEEPEN-COLUMN _ staffed 8 a. m. to?
What are still prevalent in poorer and more congested neighborhoods?
What has the U. S. become unbridled in around the world?
Who did doubters figure was out to make a buck on their tragedy?
What was the Catholic priest's role one of he's ever had to face?
What is SOCIAL-SECURITY _ WASHINGTON _ President Clinton's complex funding plan to save Social Security?
What was the investigation so marred from the start?
What was MOVED NATIONAL JASPER-PRIEST _ JASPER a consoler in all through the dreadful trial that appalled America?
What is still the rickshaw in Calcutta?
What will be afterwards as necessary based on news developments?
What did the Catholic priest volunteer to sit with the ailing father of the white racist on?
What should HOW TO REACH US Questions be directed to CoxNet in Atlanta at?
What do Democrats acknowledge that making SOCIAL-SECURITY _ WASHINGTON _ President Clinton's complex funding plan to save Social Security understandable to average voters is?
Who hold off on formally becoming candidates?
What so were skeptical?
What are all times unless otherwise noted?
What do Democrats acknowledge that making understandable to average voters is a tough task?
If current trends continue, where will what be the standing of African Americans?
What did a section of sky glow?
What _ From the ground, he still looks like a Roman god?
What has become unbridled in its use of U. S. troops around the world?
Whose military is going to get a person to join?
Who do LIFESTYLE VULCAN _ BIRMINGHAM _ From the ground, still looks like a Roman god?
If current trends continue, what will be the standing of African Americans at the end of the 21st century?
What is the Georgia delegation scrambling on to minimize the damage from Gingrich's resignation?
Where can Photo and graphics information and editors ' names be found?
What will this budget be updated at?
What does it highlight?
What tHE WEEKEND DUTY EDITORS ARE: IN ATLANTA: Greg Laudick: Andy Alexander at?
What does Dees carve out of hate group leaders who inspire followers to beat?
What may the 106th Congress not be as as its predecessors?
Who acknowledge that making SOCIAL-SECURITY _ WASHINGTON _ President Clinton's complex funding plan to save Social Security understandable to average voters is a tough task?
When do DATELINE- CALCUTTA _ CALCUTTA _ is drawing near?
Who is in his legal firing line?
What are we staffed to 10 p. m. Monday-Friday, and 1-10 p. m. on weekends and holidays?
When does the average rickshaw puller pull his buggy like a human beast of burden?
Whose crotch does Water drip embarrassingly from?
What are staffed 8 a. m. to 10 p. m. Monday-Friday, and 1-10 p. m. on weekends and holidays?
What does it call for widespread reform throughout?
What lack the clout of the onetime chairman of the Senate Armed Services Committee and the Speaker of the House?
What is Britain?
Who pulled up?
What is the most vital mode of transportation still in Calcutta?
What _ JAKARTA nine months after the fall of Suharto, and the prospects for the June general election?
What had nailed a flier to the door of the Macedonia Baptist Church?
What tHE WEEKEND DUTY EDITORS ARE: IN at 202 244-3131 or 540 547-4211?
What did Gingrich's resignation follow by two years?
Whose retirement did Gingrich's resignation follow by two years?
What are rusting?
Who are staffed 8 a. m. to 10 p. m. Monday-Friday, and 1-10 p. m. on weekends and holidays?
When did Macedonia's ashes join the heap of 400 other black churches burned from 1993 before sunrise?
Who called offering to win justice?
Who pulls his buggy like a human beast of burden till sundown?
What do BLACK-DATA _ The changing racial face of America;?
What may not be as kind to Georgia as its predecessors?
What followed Nunn's retirement by two years?
Where did MOVED friday?
What did Macedonia's ashes join to 1996 before sunrise?
Who may the 106th Congress not be as kind to Georgia as?
What calls for widespread reform throughout government?
What _ The 21st century is drawing near?
When does the average rickshaw puller wake?
What do LIFESTYLE VULCAN _ BIRMINGHAM _ From?
What Can an 1890s anti-trust law be flexible and youthful enough to govern a rapidly morphing technology industry?
Who is 404 526-5456 IN WASHINGTON?
What highlights a rarely discussed problem in modern British society?
What was his role one of the most difficult?
What did a section of sky glow the orange of?
Who are the two front-runners?
Who are choosing up sides?
What was JAKARTA?
What does the report call for widespread reform throughout?
What are manually-pulled ones still prevalent in?
What was Indonesia _ Indonesia?
Who carves financial assets out of hate group leaders who inspire followers to beat?
What is the Aryan Nations in?
Who acknowledge that making it understandable to average voters is a tough task?
What was his role he's ever had to face?
Who are George W. Bush and Elizabeth Dole?
What do they lack?
What was his role one of he's ever had to face?
Whose resignation followed Nunn's retirement by two years?
What did GA-DELEG _ WASHINGTON _ Sam Nunn and Newt Gingrich look out for?
What do LIFESTYLE VULCAN _ BIRMINGHAM _ From, Glass still looks like a Roman god?
Who was MOVED NATIONAL JASPER-PRIEST _ JASPER in the courtroom all through the dreadful trial that appalled America?
What did he volunteer to sit with the ailing father of the white racist on?
If current trends continue, what will what be the standing of African Americans at?
What will this budget be afterwards as necessary based on?
What did Macedonia's ashes join the heap of to 1996 before sunrise?
What should HOW TO REACH US Questions be directed to CoxNet in at 800-950-3739 or 404-526-5456?
How many the state's members of Congress are every bit as vigilant?
Where should HOW TO REACH US Questions be directed to CoxNet at 800-950-3739 or 404-526-5456?
What _ The battle lines are forming in the contest for the Republican Party's 2000 presidential election?
What does Vulcan ripple with as he looms atop Red Mountain?
Who is a white supremacist group in Idaho?
When did INDONESIA-SUHARTO _ JAKARTA?
What leaches down Vulcan's calves?
Whose complex funding plan to save Social Security do Democrats acknowledge to?
Who called offering to sue the Klan?
Who did the Catholic priest volunteer to sit with on trial for dragging a black man to death?
Who wakes at dawn?
What does Water drip embarrassingly from?
What do Democrats insist will work?
What does local deejay Guy ``Beaner'' Patton, ``better looking from a distance say, ``Vulcan is like a lot of people in''?
What is Vulcan billed as?
Who ripples with bronzed metallic muscles as he looms atop Red Mountain?
What is an ineffective fraud?
Who is (Andy Glass? )
What does the average rickshaw puller pull till sundown?
What is institutional racism?
Where is the most vital mode of transportation still the rickshaw?
Where is the Georgia delegation scrambling to minimize the damage from Gingrich's resignation?
What do MOVED TUESDAY BUSH-PLAYERS _ WASHINGTON _ are forming in the contest for the Republican Party's 2000 presidential election?
What do we take?
What was the investigation so marred from that the five men accused of the crime will probably never be punished?
Who will not think so right away?
What is the Aryan Nations?
What will be updated at 6 p. m. EDT?
Who has wielded the civil lawsuit like a Buck Knife?
What was Texas _ The Rev. Ron Foshage?
If current trends continue, who will what be the standing of at the end of the 21st century?
What leaches down his calves?
Who looms atop Red Mountain?
Who is billed as the world's largest cast-iron statue?
How many the state's members of Congress lack the clout of the onetime chairman of the Senate Armed Services Committee and the Speaker of the House?
What is scrambling on several fronts to minimize the damage from Gingrich's resignation?
What do MOVED TUESDAY BUSH-PLAYERS _ WASHINGTON _ The battle lines are forming in?
Who do Democrats acknowledge that making it understandable to is a tough task?
What was so marred from the start that the five men accused of the crime will probably never be punished?
Who did he volunteer to sit with on trial for dragging a black man to death?
What do BLACK-DATA _; how teen and adult attitudes toward race relations differ?
What are the state's 13 members of Congress as vigilant?
What does the report highlight?
What was when the century dawned- the ``color line,'' in the famous words of W. E. B. Dubois?
What was the Catholic priest's role one of the most difficult?
What do DATELINE- CALCUTTA _ CALCUTTA _?
What do BLACK-DATA _ The changing racial face of; how teen and adult attitudes toward race relations differ?
Where are manually-pulled ones still prevalent?
What are Eastern unless otherwise noted?
What has Dees wielded?
What can Photo and graphics information and editors ' names be found at?
Who should HOW TO REACH US Questions be directed to in Atlanta at 800-950-3739 or 404-526-5456?
Who are every bit as vigilant?
What do LIFESTYLE VULCAN _ BIRMINGHAM _ From, he still looks like a Roman god?
When are most now pulled?
What was MOVED NATIONAL JASPER-PRIEST _ JASPER a consoler in the courtroom through?
Who was the Catholic priest's role one of the most difficult's ever had to face?
What (Journal-Constitution)?
What are wITH PHOTOS OPED\/EDITORIAL TEEPEN-COLUMN _ staffed to 10 p. m. Monday-Friday, and 1-10 p. m. on weekends and holidays?
How many front-runners are George W. Bush and Elizabeth Dole?
What does the report call for throughout government?
What are content to watch as the two front-runners hold off on formally becoming candidates?
What should be directed to CoxNet in Atlanta at 800-950-3739 or 404-526-5456?
Who do the state's 13 members of Congress lack the clout of?
What FRIDAY in Washington and financial categories?
If current trends continue, what will what be at the end of the 21st century?
Who does Dees carve financial assets out of?
Who take our shot?
What do the state's 13 members of Congress lack?
What did a white lawyer from Alabama call offering to win?
What ARE: IN ATLANTA: Greg Laudick: Andy Alexander at 202 244-3131 or 540 547-4211?
What has bumped the number of hate groups to 537 from 474 in 1997?
What do they give to the environment that fostered King's prejudices and threatens all communities, not just his own in Jasper?
What's something that spreads from one person to another?
What will we rightfully claim?
What is Texas?
Where was a white man convicted of a hate crime for trying to burn two cars belonging to black motorists?
Whose murder is all the motivation we need?
What reveal an indifference to humanity?
Whose parents called in help from a nearby Ku Klux Klan group when the boy was suspended for refusing to leave his buckle at home?
Who were haggling with the parents of a student who found the King trial fit to wear to class James Byrd Jr.'s Confederate flag belt buckle in Jasper?
What is Byrd's murder all the motivation?
Who is James Byrd Jr.?
Whose parents called in help from a nearby Ku Klux Klan group when the boy was suspended for refusing to leave James Byrd Jr. buckle at home?
What does John William King last week for the murder of James Byrd Jr. begin to bring closure to SAN ANTONIO _ The conviction of white supremacist?
What's something that's dangerous?
Who is a black man?
What give rise to the environment that fostered King's prejudices and threatens all communities, not just his own in Jasper?
What is this?
What demonstrates as a report by the Montgomery?
Who is Byrd's murder all the motivation need?
What is Byrd's murder hate groups in the country need?
What was Va.?
What does something that is a virus's?
What does ala. -based Southern Poverty Law Center demonstrate as?
What was Byrd's brutal death on their screen?
When did the number of hate groups in the country increase?
What did the Southern Poverty Law Center previously record from 1996 to 1997?
What is the scary thing?
What do they reveal?
What do groups that hate minorities, Jews and gays far outnumber?
Whose screen was Byrd's brutal death only a blip on?
What has the outreach bumped to 537 from 474 in 1997?
What will Hate and intolerance's feet be washed in in the end?
Who called in help from a nearby Ku Klux Klan group when the boy was suspended for refusing to leave his buckle at home?
What gives hate groups a forum from which they can reach not only the traditional working-class white teen-ager, but increasingly the middle-class youth in suburbia?
What far outnumber other separatist organizations?
What has the outreach bumped the number of hate groups to 537 from in 1997?
Who 're hungry for more recruits?
What is how John William King learned to hate?
What is their new tool?
What was only a blip on Byrd's screen?
What will be washed in the blood of the Jews in the end?
What previously recorded a 20-percent increase in hate groups from 1996 to 1997?
What is all the motivation we need?
What do other events throughout the country and even in Jasper show at?
Who did not evolve overnight into the monster that killed Byrd?
What was a white man convicted of for trying to burn two cars belonging to black motorists in Louisiana?
Who did John William King last week for the murder of James Byrd Jr. , a black man, not evolve overnight into?
Where will Hate and intolerance's feet be washed in the blood of the Jews?
When did the Southern Poverty Law Center previously record a 20-percent increase in hate groups to 1997?
What did the boy's parents call in when the boy was suspended for refusing to leave his buckle at home?
What show how King might have arrived at this point?
What is all the motivation hate groups in the country need?
What were school officials haggling with the parents of a student who found it fit to wear to class his Confederate flag belt buckle in?
What do Hate and intolerance give rise to?
When has the outreach bumped the number of hate groups to 537 from 474?
What is Byrd's murder all the motivation need?
Who reveal an indifference to humanity?
What is the Internet?
Who did he not evolve overnight into?
What is hate groups in the country's new tool?
What did a 19-year-old man plead guilty to trying to burn a cross on the lawn of an interracial couple in?
What does it's?
Who was convicted of a hate crime for trying to burn two cars belonging to black motorists in Louisiana?
Who were haggling with the parents of a student who found it fit to wear to class his Confederate flag belt buckle in Jasper?
Who are not immune from becoming hate-crime victims?
What increased again last year?
What has the outreach bumped the number of hate groups to from 474 in 1997?
What was a white man convicted of a hate crime for trying to burn two cars belonging to black motorists in?
What did the boy's parents call in when the boy was suspended for refusing to leave James Byrd Jr. buckle at home?
What was only a blip on their screen?
What do they give rise to?
What is Byrd's murder we need?
Where did a 19-year-old man plead guilty to trying to burn a cross on the lawn of an interracial couple?
What 're hungry for more recruits?
What will our feet be washed in the blood of the Jews in?
What are Hate and intolerance?
Who begins to bring closure to a horrific chapter in the nation's history of race relations SAN ANTONIO _ The conviction of white supremacist?
What acts?
When did the Southern Poverty Law Center previously record a 20-percent increase in hate groups from 1996?
Who do hate groups in the country 're hungry for?
Who were school officials haggling with in Jasper?
Where will our feet be washed in the blood of the Jews?
What will Hate and intolerance's feet be washed in the blood of the Jews in?
Whose brutal death was only a blip on their screen?
What was Byrd's brutal death only a blip on?
Who give rise to the environment that fostered King's prejudices and threatens all communities, not just his own in Jasper?
Who called in help from a nearby Ku Klux Klan group when the boy was suspended for refusing to leave James Byrd Jr. buckle at home?
Whose brutal death was only a blip on Byrd's screen?
What was Byrd's brutal death on Byrd's screen?
Who pleaded guilty to trying to burn a cross on the lawn of an interracial couple in Virginia Beach?
What has the outreach bumped the number of to 537 from 474 in 1997?
Who do they 're hungry for?
What is Jasper?
Who will rightfully claim what's ours?
What is that King is only 24?
What will our feet be washed in in the end?
What are dark threads deeply woven into our society's fabric?
What do not murderous reveal?
What is the scary thing that King is?
Whose murder is all the motivation hate groups in the country need?
What was Virginia Beach?
What can you not have with Klansmen in robes anymore?
Who joined the heap of more than 120 African-American church fires investigated in the South since 1995 before sunrise?
Who was he not that you read about?
What was 1996 edition of the ``Florida InterKlan Report''?
Who was Chris Freeman?
What did doubters figure on?
Who is a Klansman?
What did the group spend on fund-raising _ more than 22 cents of every dollar consumed by total expenses during the same time?
What will begin construction next month of a $10 million, six-story expansion across the street from its headquarters?
Who knows how to get people to give him the money?
Whose litigators and investigators secured a $37. 8 million judgment against the Christian Knights of Ku Klux Klan?
What did he contribute $19,458 to?
Who is Richard Cohen?
When has FINANCING LAWSUITS accumulated enough wealth to have assets totaling around $100 million FOR THE POOR?
Who did he say recruited throughout the Carolinas had something similar in mind for the Christian Knights of the Ku Klux Klan?
What had the Ku Klux Klan nailed a flier to?
What do Young not think?
What did we have in South Carolina?
What did Mouzon say recently in he was one of you?
Who are protected free speech?
What did she sell the property for?
What was Timothy Welch?
What did one white supremacist group transfer its assets to?
What. . . will not go along with Society?
Who was a Center for Democratic Renewal researcher who relies on statistics from the Montgomery group?
What raised $102 million?
What was the church tucked away in?
What may Mouzon's church eventually get?
Who yells, ``If Macedonia Baptist elders had this garbage in South Carolina, we would burn the bastards out''?
Who did THEY tend TO RUN As the afternoon sun pours a honey-colored glow into Young's Country Mart near Manning, malt liquor at the counter?
What did Bank records show?
Who sped toward his country church as fast as his Chevy Lumina could carry him MANNING _ An hour past midnight?
When did the law center start with an endowment of $72,775?
What showed the UKA had several thousand dues-paying members in 30 states?
What does Romeo Haley say race relations have stayed the same since?
Who was Jesse Young?
What did his return envelope come with ``about six different stamps'' in?
Who did doubters figure was out to make a buck on their tragedy?
What does the Aryan Nations sit in?
Who does it appear 're just sitting on it?
What was to raise enough money to permanently fund its mission of helping minorities litigate against civil rights abuses?
Who said, ``The fact that he is likely to lose his home is probably not the kind of thing he would just shrug off''?
What still spends most of its money on programs to help poor people?
Who knew we did not have any money to accept representation?
Whose attorney of Columbia relied on a First Amendment defense: Derogatory remarks about blacks are protected free speech?
Who was Tom Turnipseed?
Whose estate does he pay $845 a month to?
What did the law center find in its database a video of the Christian Knights and Horace King at a Klan march in Washington in?
Who was a trustee at Macedonia Baptist and a former deputy sheriff who runs the convenience store?
What ruled in 1996 against the attempted evasion?
What links rhetoric to violence?
Who said, ``That's not an easy pitch to a jury''?
What is given to the victims?
Who did an all-white jury of six order it to pay $7 million to?
What does he do in?
What does it remain?
What no one would torch?
Who said pastor Jonathan Mouzon could win a multimillion-dollar civil judgment that would put the South Carolina Klan out of business?
Who told them about Beulah Mae Donald SWAYED BY RECORD To persuade Macedonia Baptist elders?
What did pastor Jonathan Mouzon speed toward as fast as his Chevy Lumina could carry him MANNING _ An hour past midnight?
Who was hanged from a tree in downtown Mobile in 1981?
What did Donald receive to the Klan faction's $125,000 Tuscaloosa headquarters _ the closest she ever got to the $7 million awarded by the jury?
Who received the deed to the Klan faction's $125,000 Tuscaloosa headquarters _ the closest she ever got to the $7 million awarded by the jury?
What have the defendants lost in most of the cases pursued by Dees?
What is shown to jurors?
Who have lost what little property they held in most of the cases pursued by Dees?
What does the law center estimate it collects for every successful civil judgment?
What does Dees go after command and control centers in?
Where does the Aryan Nations sit?
What did Beulah Mae Donald buy?
How many days did the conspiracy trial last?
Who was Mouzon?
What does it never amount to?
What 'll run in a minute?
What does the civil rights organization still spend most of on programs to help poor people?
What did the group spend $15 million on fund-raising _ more than 22 cents of every dollar consumed by total expenses during?
What did we have this garbage in?
Who carves financial assets out of hate group leaders who inspire followers to beat?
Who lost a $12. 5 million suit in 1990 to Dees for inspiring the beating death of an Ethiopian immigrant?
What did a court reduce the damages to?
Who grew up in the area?
Who 're saying goodbye to your wife?
What does the Aryan Nations never amount to?
What is their research geared to?
What is forgiven?
What did Klansmen testify on top of that?
Who did Tom Metzger lose a $12. 5 million suit in 1990 to for inspiring the beating death of an Ethiopian immigrant?
Who 'll get scared?
What eventually may get only $200,000?
What. . . will not go along with it?
What does a CRUCIAL LINK But proving organized hate is not as easy as showing pictures of flaming cross to?
What did they have to cobble together to come up with 35 cents?
What did Mouzon send Timothy Welch a letter saying?
Who does a magazine that promotes ``interracial and intercultural understanding'' go to?
What does a former member of the group link to violence?
What did Beulah Mae Donald want?
What did the cleaning woman agree to bring?
What did Mouzon send him a letter saying?
Who called offering to sue the Klan?
What was Turnipseed a distant relative of?
Who is his brother?
What topped $90 million _ $89. 6 million of it invested in equity securities in 1997?
Who argues that huge damage awards ripple down to Klan foot soldiers?
Who says race relations have stayed the same since the lawsuit?
What found in its database a video of the Christian Knights and Horace King at a Klan march in Washington in the case of King grand dragon?
Who was the Macedonia pastor?
What was Forsyth County?
What do you 're saying to your wife?
What does the law center estimate for?
What do you 're going off to?
Whose legal firing line does the Aryan Nations sit in?
What 're fed up with the federal government?
What did Macedonia Baptist elders have this garbage in?
What has run from the Klan?
Who said he could win a multimillion-dollar civil judgment that would put the South Carolina Klan out of business?
Where did Klansmen testify that King encouraged them to burn black churches?
Who do you 're saying goodbye to?
What did pastor Jonathan Mouzon know defense funds did not have?
What did Klansmen testify that King encouraged that to burn on top of that?
Who do Richard Cohen 're saying goodbye to?
What did Morris Dees say recruited throughout the Carolinas dees had something similar in?
What did about six different stamps have to cobble together to come up with 35 cents?
What came from more than 300,000 private contributors?
Who said the community does not see the product?
What filed a lawsuit on behalf of a mother and son who allege the Aryan Nations were assaulted and terrorized by its neo-Nazi members on Jan. 25?
Who wanted neither vengeance nor money?
When did Donald die after the trial?
What is gone?
What did Chris Freeman say the community does not see?
Who does Richard Cohen argue that huge damage awards ripple down to?
What will put King on the street and, theoretically, the Klan out of business?
What has everybody that was in the Klan run from?
Who plans a church picnic for his country community?
What has accumulated enough wealth in recent years to have assets totaling around $100 million FOR THE POOR?
What did THEY tend TO RUN into?
What comes when a former member of the group testifies against the Klan?
What is Richard Cohen legal director of?
What did he say recruited throughout dees had something similar in mind for the Christian Knights of the Ku Klux Klan?
What spent $15 million on fund-raising _ more than 22 cents of every dollar consumed by total expenses during the same time?
Who sits in Morris Dees's legal firing line?
When has Welch's mother attended services?
Where did Timothy Welch grow up?
How many dues-paying members in 30 states did Bank records show the UKA had?
What do Richard Cohen 're going off to?
What do defense funds know?
Who did seventy-four cents of every dollar raised come from?
Who does Dees carve financial assets out of?
What does King own only ``a couple of''?
What does Romeo Haley say have stayed the same since the lawsuit?
What stood again by the next summer?
Who did Dees tell about Beulah Mae Donald SWAYED BY RECORD To persuade Macedonia Baptist elders?
Who did the law center find in its database a video of at a Klan march in Washington in the case of King grand dragon?
Who was the South Carolina?
What has FINANCING LAWSUITS accumulated in recent years to have assets totaling around $100 million FOR THE POOR?
What did dees draw as the center's chief trial counsel and chairman of the Southern Poverty Law Center's executive committee?
Who was a Columbia lawyer who ran unsuccessfully for South Carolina attorney general last November?
What's changing?
Who is the tape shown to?
What was like they had to cobble them all together to come up with 35 cents?
Who had this garbage in South Carolina?
Who 're going off to the Klan rally?
What does he pay $845 a month to?
What did a court reduce to $20 million?
What was pastor Jonathan Mouzon not this enormous person?
Who lob there's bombast in newsletters?
What comes up occasionally?
Who drew a $205,339 salary in 1996 as the center's chief trial counsel and chairman of the Southern Poverty Law Center's executive committee?
What did dees say he could win?
What took out a $100,000 loan?
What (below are in millions)?
Who did the church go into debt for the first time in Mouzon's 13 years as?
What ran?
What goes to more than 400,000 teachers?
What would torch a house of God, not even the Klan thought?
Who did Morris Dees say recruited throughout the Carolinas had something similar in mind for the Christian Knights of the Ku Klux Klan?
What did tactics question?
What does it appear on?
Who's not real happy about the prospect that if Richard Cohen get involved with these people you may lose goodbye's home?
What do Richard Cohen 're saying to your wife?
When did Macedonia stand again?
Who charged the church nothing?
What did Dees tell Macedonia Baptist elders about Beulah Mae Donald RECORD To persuade Macedonia Baptist elders?
What did King postpone?
What did Klansmen testify that King encouraged that to burn black churches on?
What reduced the damages to $20 million?
Who sought to destroy the corporate Klan?
What 're good?
Who goes after command and control centers in military terms?
What no one would torch thought?
What did Mouzon say?
Who is Young's brother _ Horace King and Virgil Griffin?
Who does in all his cases?
What's what the First Amendment is all about?
What glowed the orange of a fireball?
What does King own only ?
Who had the Ku Klux Klan nailed to the door of Macedonia Baptist Church?
What can Morris Dees not have parades with Klansmen in anymore?
What did pastor Jonathan Mouzon tell from?
Who has wielded the civil lawsuit like a buck knife?
Who said Young ``never had no use'' for the Klan?
Who 'res going off to the Klan rally?
Who did Beulah Mae Donald want justice for?
What did the law center find in its database a video of him at a Klan march in Washington in?
What did he contribute to the employee benefit plan?
What did the organization's net assets exceed?
What did Morris Dees say recruited throughout dees had something similar in mind for the Christian Knights of the Ku Klux Klan?
What are King's attorney of Columbia relied on a First Amendment defense: Derogatory remarks about blacks protected?
What did Morris Dees say recruited throughout the Carolinas dees had in mind for the Christian Knights of the Ku Klux Klan?
What did Tom Metzger lose a $12. 5 million suit in 1990 to Dees for?
Who said he does not begrudge the law center one cent?
What did a section of sky glow?
What will never return?
What did a federal court rule in 1996 against?
What was he not this enormous person?
What did Chris Freeman say does not see the product?
What did the law center find in its database in the case of King grand dragon?
When did Tom Metzger lose a $12. 5 million suit to Dees for inspiring the beating death of an Ethiopian immigrant?
What does it appear they 're just sitting on?
What did she sell for half its appraised value?
Who can Morris Dees not have parades with in robes anymore?
What did dees explain for?
Who's not real happy about the prospect that if you get involved with these people you may lose your home?
What are smaller civil rights groups like?
What does the criticism turn to on?
What did she want for Michael?
What does Romeo Haley say since?
Who talks about blacks?
What did an all-white jury of six order to pay $7 million to Beulah Mae Donald?
Who testified that King encouraged that to burn black churches on top of that?
Who ran?
What did King fear would be suspected?
What does the law center estimate collects less than 2 cents on the dollar for every successful civil judgment?
When 'll they run?
Who pulled up?
Who sold the property for half its appraised value?
Who has touched Macedonia since the civil verdict?
Who said recently in the rebuilt church he was one of you?
What did she want?
When did a classroom program start the core of the law center's program is ``Teaching Tolerance''?
What did he say recruited throughout the Carolinas dees had something similar in?
What does that's?
When did pastor Jonathan Mouzon speed toward his country church as fast as his Chevy Lumina could carry him MANNING _ past midnight?
Who explained how pastor Jonathan Mouzon had won money damages against the Klan before _ one for $7 million in Mobile for $1 million in Forsyth County?
What do I not think's changed except that people have hid themselves and run?
What has a healing spirit touched since the civil verdict?
What was fearful of being sued by Dees?
What was the Ku Klux Klan?
What did a section of sky glow the orange of?
Whose efforts did 1996 edition of the ``Florida InterKlan Report'' focus on in Manning?
What are some of his gimmicks?
What has FINANCING LAWSUITS accumulated enough wealth in recent years to have FOR THE POOR?
What was Timothy Welch one of?
What do hate leaders lob?
What has Dees wielded like a buck knife?
What did the Montgomery, Ala. -based law center file a lawsuit on on Jan. 25?
Who 're good?
What did the endowment top $90 million _ $89. 6 million of invested in equity securities in 1997?
Who feared the Klan would be suspected?
What did Mouzon say recently in the rebuilt church he was?
What does a court remain?
Who did Klansmen testify that King encouraged to burn black churches on top of that?
What had to cobble them all together to come up with 35 cents?
What did he say recruited throughout the Carolinas dees had in mind for the Christian Knights of the Ku Klux Klan?
Who sent Timothy Welch a letter saying no one in the church had grown to hate him?
Who said, ``We 're trying to move past it''?
Whose floors covered by carpet as red as Santa's suit was the rebuilt church?
What did Haley say?
Who lob their bombast in newsletters?
What did the law center find in a video of the Christian Knights and Horace King at a Klan march in Washington in the case of King grand dragon?
What did Macedonia's ashes join the heap of before sunrise?
What did a classroom program start in 1991 is ``Teaching Tolerance''?
What was MANNING?
What will the law center begin construction next month of?
What did Tom Turnipseed help Dees get in?
What also funds a three-year, $100,000 civil rights litigation program in Georgia?
What features books, videos and posters costing up to $30 each?
What did dees say?
What does the program feature books, videos and posters costing up to?
What does Dees estimate cost nearly $100,000 _ $500,000 if attorney time had been charged?
Who sent him a letter saying no one in the church had grown to hate him?
What does that's the kind of?
What does pastor Jonathan Mouzon do in?
What said, ``pastor Jonathan Mouzon 're just poor rednecks looking for some kind of cause''?
What did Klansmen testify that King encouraged them to burn black churches on?
What did Donald receive the deed to?
What did Tom Turnipseed's return envelope come with ``about six different stamps'' in?
What did she buy?
What 'll get scared?
Whose church eventually may get only $200,000?
Who did Mouzon say does not begrudge the law center one cent?
What does Dees estimate the Manning investigation cost if attorney time had been charged?
What did Dees tell them about SWAYED BY RECORD To persuade Macedonia Baptist elders?
Who is Wanda?
What was a group?
What did Donald die in 1988 after?
Who know firsthand what they do?
Who is one of the regulars?
What does the afternoon sun pour into Young's Country Mart near Manning?
Who does the criticism turn to vitriol among?
What does King talk about?
What did a white lawyer from Alabama call offering to win?
Who said but there's no need?
What had been shut down?
Who helped Dees get in touch with Macedonia Baptist Church?
What did Beulah Mae Donald sell for half its appraised value?
What does a former member of the group link rhetoric to?
Who did Tom Turnipseed help get in touch with Macedonia Baptist Church?
What did dees say he could win a multimillion-dollar civil judgment that would put the South Carolina Klan out of?
Who is his brother Arthur who testified against the real big shots?
What remains the largest punitive damage ever imposed against a hate group?
What did dees say pastor Jonathan Mouzon could win a multimillion-dollar civil judgment that would put the South Carolina Klan out of?
What did she apologize to?
Who was a distant relative of Dees '?
Who testified that UKA President Robert Shelton had encouraged violence against blacks?
Whose attorney is Gary White?
What has FINANCING LAWSUITS accumulated enough wealth in recent years to embark on a major construction project FOR?
What did his litigators and investigators secure?
What's only a penny on the dollar?
What did Former Klan members testify against?
When did Macedonia's ashes join the heap of more than 120 African-American church fires investigated in the South since 1995?
What did Dees tell them about Beulah Mae Donald RECORD To persuade Macedonia Baptist elders?
What are newsletters, and Web sites stewing in fiery rhetoric not enough for?
What questioned Collecting evidence that will convince juries of clear-cut conspiracies costs a bundle?
What did Tom Metzger lose in 1990 to Dees for inspiring the beating death of an Ethiopian immigrant?
What did Macedonia's ashes join before sunrise?
What has FINANCING LAWSUITS accumulated in recent years to embark on a major construction project FOR THE POOR?
What did a white lawyer from Alabama call offering to sue?
What did White dismiss on it?''
What did depositions and record searches unveil?
What does Dees go after in military terms?
What was one white supremacist group?
Who has attended recent Sunday services?
What was built a single-story brick sanctuary?
What does the law center estimate it collects less than 2 cents on the dollar for?
What does she's not real happy about?
What will. . . The public not go along with?
What does Tom Turnipseed know?
Who was Beulah Mae Donald?
What did Beulah Mae Donald want for Michael?
Who is his brother _ Horace King and Virgil Griffin?
What does Romeo Haley stop in to buy?
What did Macedonia Baptist elders have in South Carolina?
Who did an all-white jury of six find liable?
What ordered it to pay $7 million to Beulah Mae Donald?
What does the civil rights organization still spend most of its money on?
What had nailed a flier to the door of Macedonia Baptist Church?
What was ugly and inflammatory?
What so were skeptical?
Who cannot have parades with Klansmen in robes anymore?
What did Klansmen testify that King encouraged them to burn on top of that?
What has accumulated enough wealth in recent years to embark on a major construction project FOR THE POOR?
Who is legal director of the Southern Poverty Law Center?
How many different stamps had to cobble them all together to come up with 35 cents?
Who is Romeo Haley?
Who were convicted of civil conspiracy _ inciting the fire that destroyed Macedonia Baptist Church on June 21,1995?
What did they have to cobble them all together to come up with?
What was King?
Whose Country Mart near Manning does the afternoon sun pour a honey-colored glow into?
What lasted four days?
Who did Dees tell Macedonia Baptist elders about Beulah Mae Donald SWAYED BY RECORD To persuade?
Where did Klansmen testify that King encouraged that to burn black churches?
What does Dees carve out of hate group leaders who inspire followers to beat?
When was 1988?
What did pastor Jonathan Mouzon speed toward his country church as fast as his Chevy Lumina could carry him _ An hour past midnight?
What did Morris Dees's litigators and investigators secure?
Whose return envelope came with ``about six different stamps'' in a recent fund-raising letter?
What did which raise?
What did 1996 edition of the ``Florida InterKlan Report'' focus on Dees ' efforts in?
Who calls his nemesis ``Morris Sleaze?''
What did Dees tell about Beulah Mae Donald SWAYED BY RECORD To persuade Macedonia Baptist elders?
What did Donald receive the deed to the Klan faction's $125,000 Tuscaloosa headquarters _ the closest to?
Who did Mouzon say recently in the rebuilt church he was one of?
What is Morris Dees convinced to combat organized hate are a finely honed legal complaint and a fully loaded bank account?
Who 'll run in a minute?
Who pays $845 a month to the victim's estate?
What did an all-white jury of six find United Klans of liable?
What estimates it collects less than 2 cents on the dollar for every successful civil judgment?
Who called offering to win justice?
What are some of Tom Turnipseed's gimmicks?
Who owns only ``a couple of acres and a small, run-down house''?
What did he know?
Who will that put out of business?
What found United Klans of America liable?
What did his return envelope come with in a recent fund-raising letter?
Who is Welch's mother?
What crosses to a jury?
Who was the elderly mother of 19-year-old Michael Donald?
What prevailed?
Who said, ``Morris loves to raise money''?
Who said, ``They 're just poor rednecks looking for some kind of cause''?
Who did Mouzon say recently in the rebuilt church was one of you?
How many cents on the dollar does the law center estimate it collects for every successful civil judgment?
Who died in 1988 after the trial?
Who drew a $205,339 salary in 1996 as the center's chief trial counsel and chairman of its executive committee?
Whose Country Mart near Manning did THEY tend TO RUN into?
What was pastor Jonathan Mouzon's floors covered by carpet as red as Santa's suit?
What was its floors covered by carpet as red as Santa's suit?
Who is all money realized from settlements given to?
Where did Macedonia Baptist elders have this garbage?
What started in 1991 the core of the law center's program is ``Teaching Tolerance''?
What do they 're fed up with?
Whose tactics are hate groups paying attention to?
What'' focused on Dees ' efforts in Manning?
Who is a white supremacist group in Idaho?
Who is Young's brother Arthur who testified against the real big shots?
What does the afternoon sun pour a honey-colored glow into?
Who said, ``Maybe a few of pallet makers from a nearby mill buy quart bottles of Colt 45 graduated from high school''?
Who agreed to bring suit against the United Klans of America?
What are like the Center for Democratic Renewal in Atlanta?
Who was head of the White Aryan Resistance?
What did Former Klan members testify that UKA President Robert Shelton had encouraged violence against?
What is the Aryan Nations?
Who bought her first house?
What does he know?
What does the South Carolina grand dragon's not real happy about?
Whose estate does Tom Metzger pay $845 a month to?
Who was Dexter Avenue Baptist Church once pastored by?
What was a publication ``serving the Florida Klan cartel''?
What was S. C.?
What did pastor Jonathan Mouzon know?
Who testified that King encouraged them to burn black churches on top of that?
What did dees draw as the center's chief trial counsel and chairman of its executive committee?
Who 'res saying goodbye to your wife?
What is geared to groups like us?
How many cents of every dollar raised came from more than 300,000 private contributors?
When did pastor Jonathan Mouzon speed toward his country church as fast as his Chevy Lumina could carry him MANNING _ An hour?
Who was pastor Jonathan Mouzon not that you read about?
When does Mouzon plan?
What did the endowment top in 1997?
What do I not think?
What started with an endowment of $72,775 in 1974?
What transferred its assets to another organization?
When was Beulah Mae Donald hanged from a tree in downtown Mobile?
What does that's only?
What seizes whatever assets the targeted hate group owns _ although it never amounts to the millions of dollars that ring up headlines UNDER ATTACK Using civil suits?
What does the program feature costing up to $30 each?
Who is Gary White?
What does the Southern Poverty Law Center seize to UNDER ATTACK Using civil suits?
What bore fruit?
Who do Young not think's changed except that people have hid themselves and run?
What did the law center find in a video of him at a Klan march in Washington in the case of King grand dragon?
What wonder why the law center needs so much money?
Who does not think it's changed except that people have hid themselves and run?
What did Beulah Mae Donald sell the property for?
What was Beulah Mae Donald hanged from in 1981?
Who is King's attorney?
What do not think pastor Jonathan Mouzon's changed except that people have hid themselves and run?
What are not enough for conviction?
Who said recruited throughout the Carolinas dees had something similar in mind for the Christian Knights of the Ku Klux Klan?
When did a federal court rule against the attempted evasion?
What exceeded $97 million?
Who wanted justice for Michael?
Who estimates the Manning investigation cost nearly $100,000 _ $500,000 if attorney time had been charged?
What did one white supremacist group transfer to another organization?
What was another?
What appears they 're just sitting on it?
What was the rebuilt church?
Who said, ``You were constantly looking over an uneasiness's shoulder''?
What did the law center start with in 1974?
What can Morris Dees not have with Klansmen in robes anymore?
Who figured Morris Dees was out to make a buck on their tragedy?
What did Tom Turnipseed's return envelope come with in a recent fund-raising letter?
Who said in a 1995 interview, ``The Klan of yesteryear is dead''?
What unveiled corporate fronts designed to hide Klan ownership of a building used as headquarters in Tuscaloosa?
Who secured a $37. 8 million judgment against the Christian Knights of Ku Klux Klan?
What did he know we did not have?
What found in its database a video of him at a Klan march in Washington in the case of King grand dragon?
What does the civil rights organization still spend on programs to help poor people?
Who is convinced the best weapons to combat organized hate are a finely honed legal complaint and a fully loaded bank account?
Who did he know did not have any money to accept representation?
Who 're trying to forget?
What came with ``about six different stamps'' in a recent fund-raising letter?
What did an all-white jury of six order it to pay to Beulah Mae Donald?
What was Tom Metzger?
When 'll pastor Jonathan Mouzon run?
Who did dees say could win a multimillion-dollar civil judgment that would put the South Carolina Klan out of business?
Who was not this enormous person that you read about?
Who will it put out of business?
What did Timothy Welch grow up in?
What has FINANCING LAWSUITS accumulated enough wealth in recent years to embark on FOR THE POOR?
What have the defendants lost what little property they held in?
What did Dees charge?
Who never amounts to the millions of dollars that ring up headlines?
What does it appear 're just sitting on it?
Who is Arthur?
What did about six different stamps have to cobble them all together to come up with?
What has FINANCING LAWSUITS accumulated enough wealth in recent years to have assets totaling around $100 million FOR?
What now is trying to collect an $85,000 judgment?
What did dees seek to destroy?
What did Shelton say in, ``The Klan of yesteryear is dead''?
What did the group spend $15 million on during the same time?
What know firsthand what they do?
Who does Richard Cohen argue to?
What was once pastored by the Rev. Martin Luther King Jr.?
What did 1996 edition of the ``Florida InterKlan Report'' focus on in Manning?
What are just so transparent _?
Who knew defense funds did not have any money to accept representation?
What's the kind of thing that has a lasting impact?
Who did Bank records show the UKA had?
What did Beulah Mae Donald apologize to?
What did Bank records show had several thousand dues-paying members in 30 states?
What turns to vitriol among hate leaders?
Whose mother is Wanda?
What never amounts to the millions of dollars that ring up headlines?
Who sits in his legal firing line?
What do we know?
What are hate groups paying attention to?
Who did she want justice for?
What did he tell from?
What are paying attention to Dees ' tactics?
What do pastor Jonathan Mouzon 're fed up with?
Who was Beulah Mae Donald the elderly mother of?
What does Romeo Haley say race relations have stayed since the lawsuit?
Who did dees draw a $205,339 salary in 1996 as?
What was Mobile?
Who postponed one church fire?
What was Ala.?
What did King fear?
What are hate groups paying to Dees ' tactics?
What did Klansmen testify that King encouraged to burn black churches on top of that?
When has FINANCING LAWSUITS accumulated enough wealth to embark on a major construction project FOR THE POOR?
What filed a lawsuit on behalf of a mother and son who allege they were assaulted and terrorized by its neo-Nazi members on Jan. 25?
Who explained how he had won money damages against the Klan before _ one for $7 million in Mobile for $1 million in Forsyth County?
Who said, ``You were constantly looking over your shoulder''?
What is designed to stem federal cutbacks in programs that had provided free legal assistance to poor people in civil actions?
Who told how he had protected Vietnamese fishermen in Texas from Klan intimidation?
Whose mother has attended recent Sunday services?
Who can you not have parades with in robes anymore?
Who was Turnipseed?
When was a year?
Who was one of those convicted for setting the blaze?
What was the $100,000 loan built?
When did the endowment top $90 million _ $89. 6 million of it invested in equity securities?
What pours a honey-colored glow into Young's Country Mart near Manning?
Who was Tom Metzger head of?
What is he convinced to combat organized hate are a finely honed legal complaint and a fully loaded bank account?
Who contributed $19,458 to the employee benefit plan?
What signed on?
Who said, ``Maybe a few of them graduated from high school''?
What does Tom Metzger pay $845 a month to?
Who stops in to buy gas and chicken tenders?
When did the conspiracy trial last?
Who said he ``never had no use'' for the Klan?
What went into debt for the first time in Mouzon's 13 years as pastor?
Who 're fed up with the federal government?
When did the Montgomery, Ala. -based law center file a lawsuit on behalf of a mother and son who allege they were assaulted and terrorized by its neo-Nazi members?
Who apologized to the congregation?
What was Ga.?
Who had to cobble them all together to come up with 35 cents?
What did pastor Jonathan Mouzon know did not have any money to accept representation?
Who did Dees tell them about Beulah Mae Donald SWAYED BY RECORD To persuade?
What has Welch's mother attended recent Sunday?
What did Dees tell Macedonia Baptist elders about SWAYED BY RECORD To persuade Macedonia Baptist elders?
What did it bear?
What was tucked away in one of South Carolina's poorest counties?
What did it raise?
What has Dees wielded the civil lawsuit like?
Who was a shift supervisor for a security company?
What is defense funds's research geared to?
Who is Arthur who testified against the real big shots _ Horace King and Virgil Griffin?
What did dees say pastor Jonathan Mouzon could win?
What has a healing spirit touched Macedonia since?
What did the church go into for the first time in Mouzon's 13 years as pastor?
What can you not have parades with Klansmen in anymore?
Who is Young's brother?
What is why the law center devotes so much to fund-raising?
What did Former Klan members testify that UKA President Robert Shelton had encouraged against blacks?
Where did we have this garbage?
What turns to on the Internet?
Who yells, ``If we had this garbage in South Carolina, we would burn the bastards out''?
What does the law center also fund?
What did the church go into debt for as pastor?
Who told Macedonia Baptist elders about Beulah Mae Donald SWAYED BY RECORD To persuade Macedonia Baptist elders?
What did the church take out?
Who said, ``Wilbert Jean Oliver was just an ordinary man''?
Who did the Rev. August Thompson say had been distraught when he was told that the funeral home would not permit visitation for his mother?
Who was black?
What was Marksville?
Who said Oliver had been distraught when he was told that the funeral home would not permit visitation for his mother?
Who would touch the case?
What was announced?
What did it refuse to provide for his deceased mother because she was black?
Who was a salesman for John Deere?
What did he add at?
What did Bond take and within a month it was decided?
What had he lost?
Who had lost his left arm in an accident?
What did Oliver win?
What was he?
What did Bond take the case and within a month was decided?
Who did I direct him to?
What was Mansura?
Who did dees say that after the ruling was announced, his organization heard reports from across the country to?
What refused to provide visitation for his deceased mother because she was black?
Who was his deceased mother?
What was Julian Bond then president of?
Who did I direct to Julian Bond?
Who was the Rev. August Thompson when Wilbert Jean Oliver's mother died?
What did he add that his grandfather's competitors at the time would not accept any black clients at?
Who was Martha Pierre Oliver?
Who did he add that his grandfather's competitors at the time would not accept at all?
Who lived all his life?
Who won his case?
What did federal lawsuit have?
Who was 89?
Whose competitors at the time did he add at?
Whose priest was the Rev. August Thompson when Wilbert Jean Oliver's mother died?
What was the ordinary man?
What took the case and within a month it was decided?
Whose request did the Escude Funeral Home reject?
Who added that his grandfather's competitors at the time would not accept any black clients at all?
What did Wilbert Jean Oliver add that his grandfather's competitors at the time would not accept any black clients at?
What did Bond take the case and within a month?
Who was Oliver's priest when Wilbert Jean Oliver's mother died?
What did Thompson say ``through''?
Who did the Rev. August Thompson say had been distraught when he was told that the funeral home would not permit visitation for Oliver's priest's mother?
What did Thompson say ``He lived in what used to be called a shotgun house through''?
Who said, ``He was just an ordinary man''?
What did Wilbert Jean Oliver die on Tuesday at?
Who did Wilbert Jean Oliver add that his grandfather's competitors at the time would not accept at all?
Who died on Tuesday at a hospital in Marksville?
Who was then president of the Southern Poverty Law Center?
What did Oliver arrange to hold?''
Who was Oliver?
Who was La.?
Who was one of the common people and not a crusader?
What did Wilbert Jean Oliver add at?
What rejected his request?
What would none of the local lawyers touch?
Who did dees say that after the ruling was announced, Wilbert Jean Oliver's organization heard reports from across the country to?
Who did the Rev. August Thompson say for?
Whose deceased mother was Martha Pierre Oliver?
What was the ordinary man one of?
What did he live?
Whose priest was the Rev. August Thompson when his mother died?
Who was Julian Bond then?
What did Oliver sue the Escude Funeral Home in?
Whose organization did dees say across?
What rejected Wilbert Jean Oliver's request?
Who sued the Escude Funeral Home in Mansura?
Who did it refuse to provide visitation for because she was black?
Who said Oliver had been distraught when he was told that the funeral home would not permit visitation for Oliver's priest's mother?
When did Bond take the case and it was decided?
Who was Life a little harder for because he had lost his left arm in an accident?
Who was Oliver's priest when his mother died?
Who was Wilbert Jean Oliver's deceased mother?
Whose competitors at the time did Wilbert Jean Oliver add at?
Who did dees say that after the ruling was announced, his organization heard reports from across the country that previously segregated to?
Who did dees say that after the ruling was announced, Wilbert Jean Oliver's organization heard reports from across the country that previously segregated to?
What was so flimsy?
Who was the Rev. August Thompson when his mother died?
What did the Escude Funeral Home reject?
What did dees say across?
When did Wilbert Jean Oliver die at a hospital in Marksville?
Whose mother did the Rev. August Thompson say for?
Who directed him to Julian Bond?
What did Wilbert Jean Oliver live?
What was a little harder for him because he had lost his left arm in an accident?
What had the practical effect of Wilbert Jean Oliver's 1973 forcing funeral homes throughout the United States to provide equal services to blacks and whites?
What did Oliver sue in Mansura?
What did the pope fail Hypocrisy 101 in?
What does Fritz sometimes join roaming the grounds?
What did Mark Potok of the SPLC say is refraining from comments about Butler pending a trial?
Whose drawing was made by the daughter of Christian?
What does Butler say the war should never have been fought on?
Who was Newman Britton?
What is suing Butler, hoping to bankrupt him in a lawsuit for unspecified civil damages filed in Coeur d'Alene in January?
What does Richard Girnt Butler believe the lawsuit is?
What was the Ku Klux Klan's chair above?
Who introduced Butler to Christian Identity?
Who does Butler say are like radio receivers in their ability to hear the message?
What did she stop on?
Who was William Potter Gale?
Who has made the Northwest infamous as a spawning-ground for racism in the process of creating a ``white homeland''?
Whose neo-Nazi or white supremacist beliefs do Butler's two daughters not share?
Whose desk is Fritz?
Whose drawing was pretty neat?
What is piled with papers?
What does he believe the lawsuit is part of?
What is Butler?
What did Butler buy the land off Rimrock Road about 10 miles north of for his compound back in 1972?
What did the guards chase her two miles down?
Who says, ``the pope have no control over what people do''?
What did he then get a part-time job at at an aircraft company that sent him to Bangalore to overhaul planes for the Royal Indian Air Force?
Who 'mes not violent?
Who was taught by Germans?
Who did Butler also meet?
What does Butler say has been set up for him?
Who was it made by?
What's all pre-ordained?
Who do not share Richard Girnt Butler's neo-Nazi or white supremacist beliefs?
Who likes kids like his idol?
What does Christian Identity have the hallmarks of?
What could his compound disappear even without?
What did Richard Girnt Butler then get a part-time job at at an aircraft company that sent him to Bangalore to overhaul planes for the Royal Indian Air Force?
Whose two daughters do not share Richard Girnt Butler's neo-Nazi or white supremacist beliefs?
What did Keenan say the guards mistook in police reports?
What did I not even teach her?
Who is Butler born in on Feb. 23,1918?
What do Kootenai County sheriff's deputies document in her car?
Who did Butler say met and studied under my mentor in Lancaster through Gale?
What did Richard Girnt Butler then get a part-time job at 25 cents an hour at?
Who was Butler's security chief?
When do civil rights groups that have fought Butler over the decades now wonder?
What does Butler say White people are like?
What did Butler say in during the war?
What does a picture of a sharp-featured Hitler peer across the doorway at?
How many people were living on or visiting the compound?
What does he hope is too?
Who does a Catholic priest sodomize Richard Girnt Butler 've had a whole string of?
Who does a Catholic priest sodomize they 've had a whole string of?
When was Butler's security chief sentenced to as many as five years in prison?
Who was Albert Einstein taught by?
Who was a former Navy pilot who founded the American Nazi Party?
Who dislikes televangelists?
What did Butler hope Butler's 20-acre compound would be the genesis of?
Who were her son shot at near the compound in July 1998 by?
Who do they 're?
What can I not get worked up about?
Who were reports barreled out of the compound after?
How many her miles did the guards chase down the road?
What does he believe?
Who did Butler say enlisted in the Army Air Corps and taught aircraft hydraulics to mechnics in the China-Burma theater during the war?
When has the SPLC said Butler and his group did more to foment modern racism nationwide, and to tarnish the Northwest in the process?
What began after returning from the war when he became an admirer of Sen. Joe McCarthy's movement about communism?
What was the white homeland something his Christian Identity beliefs claim?
What is Butler proud of?
Who 're children?
Who follows Butler everywhere?
When were her son shot at near the compound by Aryan Nations?
Who begeted Jews?
Who did one of Butler's two daughters say would sell the 19-acre site upon his death in January?
What were Whites the first in among Butler's more startling hypotheses?
What does a Catholic priest sodomize they 've had?
What did a school once operate on?
Whose 20-acre compound's all pre-ordained?
What was Butler's activism galvanized during to expose communist teachers?
When were Butler and his wife, Betty, who died in December 1995, married?
Who holds court at his desk?
What does he spit out?
Who do two other guards remain?
Who was American Indians?
Whose father is Clarence?
Who does a profile of Butler by the SPLC say from?
When did Butler buy the land off Rimrock Road about 10 miles north of Coeur d'Alene for his compound?
Who asserts, ``A lot of World War II soldiers now realize the war was a war against the white race and the white race lost''?
What has said Butler and his group did more to foment modern racism nationwide, and to tarnish the Northwest in the process in the past?
What was a popular mecca for racist sympathizers from around the world who assailed whole groups of people in Butler's Aryan heyday?
Who do kids sometimes attend church with?
Who does Butler say a less well-financed Aryan Nations legal defense fund has been set up for?
What now wonder about the future of his organization?
What do the grounds resemble any of nearby?
Who documented bullet holes in her car?
What does Hitler, Butler like kids like?
What was the white homeland?
Who does Hitler, Butler like like Fritz?
Who does a Catholic priest sodomize _?
Who does Butler say that's up to?
Who is the German shepherd?
Who does Hitler, Butler like kids like?
Who was George Lincoln Rockwell?
Who is the ``white homeland'' the founder of the Aryan Nations and the Church of?
What are swastikas?
Even if the compound does not survive, who's confident in his racist religion?
What is his desk?
What does Richard Girnt Butler believe is part of that war?
Whose desk is instinctively?
What was the white homeland something Richard Girnt Butler's Christian Identity beliefs claim?
How many Butler's daughters do not share his neo-Nazi or white supremacist beliefs?
Whose desk is piled with papers?
Who was Richard Girnt Butler's mentor?
Who is a German-English machinist?
Who sodomizes an altar boy _?
What does a Catholic priest sodomize 've had a whole string of them?
Who is a former Aryan Nations security guard charged with killing a Los Angeles postal worker?
When do we 're approaching?
What did she restart?
Who is his desk?
Whose office walls do gifts and framed documents hang on?
When did Richard Girnt Butler buy the compound?
What do HAYDEN LAKE _ At?
What does Christian Identity have?
What did the guards shoot at with assault rifles?
Even if the compound does not survive, what does Richard Girnt Butler's confident in?
What is among his favorite gifts?
When do HAYDEN LAKE _ At 81, Richard Girnt Butler knows?
Who sodomizes they 've had a whole string of them?
What did one of Butler's two daughters say she and her husband would sell the 19-acre site upon in January?
Who do not favor hurting children?
What were barreled out of the compound after her?
Whose deputies documented bullet holes in her car?
Who says White people are like radio receivers in their ability to hear the message?
Who hopes the rest of the world is too?
Who said he met and studied under my mentor in Lancaster through Gale?
What is the founder of the Aryan Nations and the Church of Jesus Christ?
What did Butler say he enlisted in the Army Air Corps and taught aircraft hydraulics to mechnics in the China-Burma theater during?
What was something his Christian Identity beliefs claim white people have been denied?
What did he buy in 1972?
What has also fostered disciples who engaged in murder, robbery and racial assaults?
Who said he never agreed with fighting Germany, and was invigorated by newsreels of marching Germans?
Who has the SPLC said did more to foment modern racism nationwide, and to tarnish the Northwest in the process in the past?
What is Eva?
What was Calif.?
What was Bangalore?
What did Butler hope Butler's 20-acre compound would be?
What did he ask in Tuesday?
What is Fritz?
Who is born in Bennett on Feb. 23,1918?
What does it's?
Who was my mentor?
Who believes the lawsuit is part of that war?
Who were shot at near the compound in July 1998 by Aryan Nations?
What did the family move to after the Depression?
Who do I not favor hurting?
What did Butler say by?
Who is his father?
What does Butler complain is to bankrupt me?
Who was her son?
Who asked in an interview at his office Tuesday?
What did Butler buy for his compound back in 1972?
Who were the first in the Americas among Butler's more startling hypotheses?
Who the Southern Poverty Law Center is suing, hoping to bankrupt him in a lawsuit for unspecified civil damages filed in Coeur d'Alene in January?
Whose 20-acre compound offers a safehouse for neo-Nazi pilgrims?
What did Butler study aeronautical engineering and science at?
Whose two daughters do not share his neo-Nazi or white supremacist beliefs?
Who failed Hypocrisy 101 in school?
What do I not espouse violence at?
Who preaches that Eve mated with the devil?
Who does Hitler, Butler like like his idol?
Who says the war should never have been fought on the European theater?
Who says a less well-financed Aryan Nations legal defense fund has been set up for him?
What does Butler hold?
What did the pope fail in school?
When did the pope ask in an interview at his office?
What tricked out of the hallmarks of a conspiracy theory's birthright by Jews?
Who was sentenced in May to as many as five years in prison?
What did I not even teach her that she just did?
What was Lancaster?
What does Fritz sometimes join another German shepherd roaming?
What did Butler hope it would be the genesis of?
What did Keenan say the guards mistook her car's backfire for gunfire after she stopped on the roadway and restarted the car in?
What was filed on behalf of Victoria Keenan, a Seattle woman, and her son security guards?
Who likes kids like Fritz?
Who is the Creator?
Whose security chief pleaded guilty to assault?
What did the guards shoot at her car with?
What was his chair above?
What were reports barreled out of after her?
Who is Richard Girnt Butler's desk?
What does he hope?
What can Richard Girnt Butler not stop?
Who pleaded guilty to assault?
What forced to live with other races?
When was the compound a popular mecca for racist sympathizers from around the world who assailed whole groups of people?
Who was he taught by?
What is Richard Girnt Butler's desk?
What tricked out of their birthright by Jews?
Who was Whites?
What does Butler's 20-acre compound offer for neo-Nazi pilgrims?
What is his desk piled with?
What does Butler say on?
Who says, ``I have no control over what people do''?
Who was Dr. Wesley Swift?
What does he believe the lawsuit is?
Who would say only that ``allegedly, she was shooting at our sign out there?''
Even if the compound does not survive, what does he's confident in?
What does Butler say should never have been fought on the European theater?
Who says that's up to my Father?
When did one of Butler's two daughters say she and her husband would sell the 19-acre site upon his death?
Who complains the sole purpose is to bankrupt me?
Who do not share his neo-Nazi or white supremacist beliefs?
Who was a longtime Aryan follower?
What died fighting what those symbols stood for?
What does Butler assert, ``A lot of World War II soldiers now realize''?
What did Butler hope it would be?
What did he then get at 25 cents an hour at an aircraft company that sent him to Bangalore to overhaul planes for the Royal Indian Air Force?
Who is Richard Girnt Butler's father?
Whose compound could disappear even without the lawsuit?
What does a Catholic priest sodomize they 've had a whole string of?
Who is white separatists?
Who was the heir apparent?
Whose desk is his 5-year-old purebred German shepherd?
Who did Butler say never agreed with fighting Germany, and was invigorated by newsreels of marching Germans?
Who hoped Butler's 20-acre compound would be the genesis of a white homeland?
When was Butler's security chief sentenced in May?
Who were married in 1941?
What does Richard Girnt Butler hope is too?
What did the pope ask in Tuesday?
What does Butler say's up to my Father?
Who does Butler's 20-acre compound offer a safehouse for?
What was India?
Who is unrepentant?
Who said she and her husband would sell the 19-acre site upon his death in January?
Who 're approaching the end-time period?
What does a Catholic priest sodomize Richard Girnt Butler 've had?
Whose racial activism began after returning from the war when things just did not seem right?
What has Christian, Butler made the Northwest infamous as a spawning-ground for racism in?
Who bought the compound in 1972?
Who does Fritz follow everywhere?
Who has the hallmarks of a conspiracy theory?
Who said the group is refraining from comments about Butler pending a trial?
What hang on Richard Girnt Butler's office walls?
Who was the Ku Klux Klan's receptionist?
How many Butler's daughters do not share Richard Girnt Butler's neo-Nazi or white supremacist beliefs?
Who does a Catholic priest sodomize 've had a whole string of them?
What has the SPLC said in in the past?
What was Dr. Wesley Swift pastor of?
Who did Eve beget?
Who do HAYDEN LAKE _ At 81, knows he's in his twilight days?
What does a Catholic priest sodomize Richard Girnt Butler 've had a whole string of?
Who do not espouse violence at all?
What does the pope change?
Who restarted the car?
What were Whites the first in the Americas among?
Who does a profile of Butler by the SPLC say did not hide his dislike for Jews or communists from his son?
What is the ``white homeland''?
What is HAYDEN LAKE?
Who chased her two miles down the road?
Who sodomizes Richard Girnt Butler 've had a whole string of them?
Whose 20-acre compound has also fostered disciples who engaged in murder, robbery and racial assaults?
Who do HAYDEN LAKE _ At 81, Richard Girnt Butler knows's in his twilight days?
Who does not espouse violence at all?
What did the guards chase down the road?
What was the compound from around the world who assailed whole groups of people in Butler's Aryan heyday?
Who does Lancaster's Christian Identity preach that Eve mated with?
What can the pope not get worked up about?
Who is the latest Butler disciple to make news for racist violence?
Who sometimes attend church with their parents?
Who 'm not violent?
What 're children?
Who shot at her car with assault rifles?
What was made by the daughter of Christian?
Who was Jason?
What did he then get a part-time job at 25 cents an hour at?
What does Richard Girnt Butler hope?
What has Christian, Butler made in the process of creating a ``white homeland''?
Who is Buford R. Furrow Jr.?
What did I fail in school?
What does he believe is part of that war?
When is Butler born in Bennett?
What is instinctively?
Who does not favor hurting children?
Who hoped it would be the genesis of a white homeland?
Who is a former Aryan Nations security guard charged with wounding five in an attack on a Jewish day-care center?
Who are followers of the World Wide Church of the Creator in that they have compiled their own Bible instead of relying on the original?
Who is the ``white homeland'' the founder of of Jesus Christ?
What is Bennett?
What is a line of carved ``little Klansmen'' among?
Who said he enlisted in the Army Air Corps and taught aircraft hydraulics to mechnics in the China-Burma theater during the war?
What does Richard Girnt Butler believe?
What is his 5-year-old purebred German shepherd?
What does the SPLC's?
Who are heretics in that they have compiled their own Bible instead of relying on the original?
What did Butler hope would be the genesis of a white homeland?
Who was Christian?
What is Richard Girnt Butler's desk piled with?
Who does Lancaster's Christian Identity preach with?
What is a religion with Butler?
What was the suit filed on?
What was galvanized during a signature campaign to expose communist teachers?
What did Butler study at a city college?
What do the grounds resemble nearby?
Who is Colo.?
Who was Edward ``Jesse'' Warfield?
What says his father did not hide his dislike for Jews or communists from his son?
What did Butler hope?
Whose favorite gifts is a line of carved ``little Klansmen'' among?
Whose 20-acre compound did Butler hope?
Where did the family move after the Depression?
Who says?
What do Kootenai County sheriff's deputies document bullet holes in?
What do HAYDEN LAKE _ At, Richard Girnt Butler knows he's in his twilight days?
What began after returning from the war when things just did not seem right?
What does he change?
Who is proud of his own German extraction?
How many other guards remain fugitives?
What did Butler say he met and studied under my mentor in Lancaster through?
What happens?
Whose racial activism began after returning from the war when he became an admirer of Sen. Joe McCarthy's movement about communism?
Who changes the subject?
Who was a tot's drawing made by?
Who has Butler's 20-acre compound also fostered?
What were living on or visiting the compound?
What were Whites in the Americas among Butler's more startling hypotheses?
Who did not even teach her that she just did it?
Who did Butler say under through Gale?
Who is Clarence?
Who cannot stop halfway?
What does Albert Einstein spit out?
What is known for having used civil law to break the back of the Ku Klux Klan?
Who has preached about ``the great race war'' from his swastika- and crucifix-adorned pulpit here in the Selkirk Mountain foothills for 27 years?
What has Butler preached about for 27 years?
Whose father is a German-English machinist?
What are one made by a follower in prison from folded Camel cigarette filters; another crocheted, and another made of folded chewing-gum wrappers?
What is Race?
What does a picture of a sharp-featured Hitler peer across at a softer, glowing rendition of a Jesus with European features?
What does a profile of Butler by the SPLC say his father did not hide from his son?
Whose security chief was sentenced in May to as many as five years in prison?
What did Richard Girnt Butler buy in 1972?
Who said the guards mistook her car's backfire for gunfire after she stopped on the roadway and restarted the car in police reports?
Who sometimes joins another German shepherd roaming the grounds?
Who did I not even teach that she just did it?
What did one of Butler's two daughters say upon in January?
What resemble any of the other small retirement ranches nearby?
Who is tromping across the United Nations and Israeli flags he uses as doormats at the entrance to his chapel?
Who was a retired Army colonel who had served on Gen. Douglas MacArthur's staff?
What did Mark Potok of the SPLC say the group is refraining from pending a trial?
Whose activism was galvanized during a signature campaign to expose communist teachers?
What could Richard Girnt Butler's compound disappear even without?
What once operated on the property?
What do kids sometimes attend with their parents?
Whose mentor was Dr. Wesley Swift?
What does a Catholic priest sodomize?
What is Idaho?
Who stopped on the roadway?
What is among Fritz's favorite gifts?
What did Butler's security chief plead guilty to?
Who is the SPLC headed by?
When appointed an heir apparent from Escondido, Calif. , and the latest in a string of annointed successors who faded away over the years in philosophical differences?
Whose Aryan heyday was the compound a popular mecca for racist sympathizers from around the world who assailed whole groups of people in?
What's harassment?
Who then got a part-time job at 25 cents an hour at an aircraft company that sent him to Bangalore to overhaul planes for the Royal Indian Air Force?
Who did William Potter Gale introduce Butler to?
When did Butler and his wife, Betty die?
Who is preparing to pass the torch in which he was ordained?
When has Butler preached about ``the great race war'' from his swastika- and crucifix-adorned pulpit here in the Selkirk Mountain foothills?
What do Butler's two daughters not share?
Who bought the land off Rimrock Road about 10 miles north of Coeur d'Alene for his compound back in 1972?
Who was his receptionist?
Who do the pope not favor hurting?
What do the pope not espouse at all?
Who did Keenan say mistook her car's backfire for gunfire after she stopped on the roadway and restarted the car in police reports?
Whose security chief was Edward ``Jesse'' Warfield?
What did last year appoint an heir apparent from?
What was something Richard Girnt Butler's Christian Identity beliefs claim white people have been denied?
What hang on his office walls?
What do gifts and framed documents hang on?
Who did last year appoint from Escondido, Calif. , and the latest in a string of annointed successors who faded away over the years in philosophical differences?
Who does Butler say for?
What did Keenan say in police reports?
What is headed by Morris Dees in Alabama?
When did he buy the compound?
What was above a whip sent by an admirer and a Nazi helmet?
What do I not espouse at all?
What did one of Butler's two daughters say she and her husband would sell upon his death in January?
What moved to East Los Angeles after the Depression?
Whose more startling hypotheses were Whites the first in the Americas among?
What can you not stop?
Whose 20-acre compound did Butler hope would be the genesis of a white homeland?
What did I fail Hypocrisy 101 in?
What does Richard Girnt Butler believe the lawsuit is part of?
When do HAYDEN LAKE _ At 81, Richard Girnt Butler knows he's?
Who died in December 1995?
When did he ask in an interview at his office?
Who does a profile of Butler by the SPLC say his father did not hide his dislike for Jews or communists from?
What did Normandy graveyards die fighting?
Who studied aeronautical engineering and science at a city college?
Who was brilliant only because he was taught by Germans?
What do the pope not espouse violence at?
Who spits out the word?
What does Butler's 20-acre compound's?
What offers a safehouse for neo-Nazi pilgrims?
What peers across the doorway at a softer, glowing rendition of a Jesus with European features?
What did Butler buy the land off Rimrock Road about 10 miles north of Coeur d'Alene for back in 1972?
What could disappear even without the lawsuit?
What _ At 81, Richard Girnt Butler knows he's in his twilight days?
Who remain fugitives?
When did the family move to East Los Angeles?
Who was pastor of the Anglo-Saxon Christian Congregation?
Who also met George Lincoln Rockwell?
What did Mark Potok of the SPLC say from?
Who did William Potter Gale introduce to Christian Identity?
Who cannot get worked up about the wounding of some of my enemies?
What was pretty neat?
What did dees send Triggs and Mayor Charles Dobbelaire to Fight?
Whose home did Matthew F. Hale set up the headquarters of the World Church of The Creator in?
Who is black?
Who did triggs call?
Who was the Colorado director of the American Jewish Committee?
Who have to change attitudes?
Who did the Klan spend in town asked citizens to pledge 5 to 50 cents for each minute?
Who said, ``We have raised over $11,000''?
What know about Idaho potatoes and the Aryan nations?
Who was blacks and Asian-Americans?
Who recall trying to ignore Matthew F. Hale's leaflets and appearances on public-access television?
Where did Matthew F. Hale set up the headquarters of the World Church of The Creator?
Who grew up in East Peoria?
Who did the Klan spend in town residents asked to pledge 5 to 50 cents for each minute?
What set up its own Web site to offer an alternative?
Who did another member of the commission say has lived in an upscale neighborhood of East Peoria for 17 years with no difficulty?
What did the mayor say?
What was the group collecting?
What did the group set up its own Web site to offer?
What did Benjamin Smith go on a two-state rampage against Jews injuring before shooting himself?
What was Boyertown?
When was one group murdered by a skinhead?
What did dees also put East Peoria leaders in?
What did dees advise East Peoria city leaders to do: form a broad-based coalition on race issues?
Who said Idaho's image began to worry the staff at Hewlett-Packard in Boise several years ago?
Who was Matthew F. Hale?
Who did dees advise to do two things: form a broad-based coalition on race issues?
What has the state's Human Relations Commission helped more than 50 communities form groups to do something about in Pennsylvania?
Who were then young boys?
When has EAST PEORIA enjoyed a comeback?
What was a group dedicated to fighting white supremacist ideas and organizations in the Midwest?
What seeded the use of the Internet by hate groups?
What was Dobbelaire's speech followed by?
Who were his brothers?
Where has the Hewlett-Packard staff tried to find ways to insure at work and in the community for three years?
Who advised East Peoria city leaders to do two things: Speak out immediately?
When has the Hewlett-Packard staff tried to find ways to insure that people they recruit and employ in Boise feel welcome at work and in the community?
What have to change attitudes?
What was Boyertown a historically all-white community northwest of where the Ku Klux Klan distributed recruitment literature?
What did the mayor say rarely crossed a neighbor's mind?
What did EAST PEORIA _ For years, the hard-working residents of this mostly white town on the eastern bank of the Illinois River did not take seriously?
What was Matthew F. Hale?
Who said, ``a new riverboat casino and jobs in entertainment, tourism and service industries have raised over $11,000''?
What do people know about?
Who went on a two-state rampage against Jews injuring nine before shooting himself?
What did the Klan spend in town residents formed?
What's hard to know?
What are Staff members now trying to organize an Idaho Inclusiveness Coalition and human rights groups to promote?
What have the experiences of these communities and others been added to to Fight Hate?''
What did Cindy Stanphill say began to worry the staff at Hewlett-Packard in Boise several years ago?
How many communities has the state's Human Relations Commission helped form groups to do something about hate in Pennsylvania?
What is the Idaho Inclusiveness Coalition?
What did the group seed by hate groups?
When did another member of the commission say he has lived in an upscale neighborhood of East Peoria with no difficulty?
When did the laughter stop?
What have to deal with both?
Who said racial issues rarely crossed his mind?
Who said, ``the hard-working residents of this mostly white town on the eastern bank of the Illinois River were sickened''?
What was Mingus?
Where did their father move his wife and 10 children?
Who helped underwrite the project?
Who are now trying to organize an Idaho Inclusiveness Coalition and human rights groups to celebrate diversity?
What did carrier say the Southern Poverty Law Center will distribute a million free copies of the booklet and a companion, ``Responding to Hate at?''
Who did EAST PEORIA _ For years, did not take seriously the white supremacist views of Matthew F. Hale?
What was Morris Dees co-founder of?
What did one person come to the corner at?
What's unfortunate and unrealistic?
What did he then start?
What was Jews?
How many things did dees advise East Peoria city leaders to do: Speak out immediately?
What has the state's Human Relations Commission helped more than 50 communities form groups to do in Pennsylvania?
What did he then start a series of?
What did the money go to?
Who are now trying to organize an Idaho Inclusiveness Coalition and human rights groups to promote tolerance?
What has the state's Human Relations Commission helped form groups to do something about hate in Pennsylvania?
What did he set up the headquarters of the World Church of The Creator in?
What did Benjamin Smith go on killing two?
Who did dees also put in touch with the Rev. David Ostendorf?
What are Staff members now trying to organize an Idaho Inclusiveness Coalition and human rights groups to celebrate?
What was a non-profit civil rights organization?
Who said he sees the Human Relations Commission as a chance for East Peoria ``to step outside the box and look around?''
Who were once jailed for supposedly whistling at a white woman at Mississippi?
What has helped more than 50 communities form groups to do something about hate in Pennsylvania?
What's something nobody has on the scope all the time?
What were collected by Jim Carrier?
What did dees advise East Peoria city leaders to do: Speak out immediately?
Who said, ``We were sickened''?
What did the mayor say racial issues rarely crossed?
What do we have to change?
What did Randle say he sees the Human Relations Commission as?''
Where has the state's Human Relations Commission helped more than 50 communities form groups to do something about hate?
Who did Randle say cannot forget the searing experience of childhood on a cotton plantation in Mississippi?
What did the Klan spend in residents asked citizens to pledge 5 to 50 cents for each minute?
Where did the Klan spend residents asked citizens to pledge 5 to 50 cents for each minute?
What did he work at?
What did another collection?
When has it enjoyed a comeback?
Who do not speak out?
Who was David Mingus?
What did carrier say the Southern Poverty Law Center will distribute a million free copies of, ``Responding to Hate at School?''
What started in Boyertown once a month?
What did Louise Doskow say the head of the local Klan complained that the group was using to raise money?
What has survived severe blows before?
What has it enjoyed in recent years?
What was the Center for a New Community?
What did Randle say on?
What had a neighbor posted a sign saying ``Hate Has No Home Here'' on?
When did the Klan spend in town residents asked citizens to pledge 5 to 50 cents?
What did he set up the headquarters of in his parents ' home?
What did Matthew F. Hale say, ``I know''?
What do a new riverboat casino and jobs in entertainment, tourism and service industries have to change?
Who is the Idaho Inclusiveness Coalition a group of?
What do they recall trying to ignore on public-access television?
What did he set up in his parents ' home?
What did some think it was?
Who was a mental health?
Who wants the commission to ``oppose hate, preach tolerance and celebrate diversity?''
What did some think was a joke?
Who said the head of the local Klan complained that the group was using the Klan's name to raise money?
Whose home did he set up the headquarters of the World Church of The Creator in?
What believe that if we quietly go about our everyday life, those who preach hate will fade slowly into the night?
How many things did dees advise East Peoria city leaders to do: form a broad-based coalition on race issues?
Who was co-founder of the Southern Poverty Law Center?
What were two of a New Community's brothers once jailed for supposedly whistling at a white woman at?
What had a neighbor posted on the other side of the ordinary, tree-lined street?
Who also put East Peoria leaders in touch with the Rev. David Ostendorf?
What did Randle say he cannot forget on a cotton plantation in Mississippi?
Who went on a two-state rampage against Jews killing two?
Who was 54?
What was Mayor Charles Dobbelaire?
What did the money help organize to honor the Rev. Martin Luther King Jr.?
What does the mayor not intend to let?
What was Louise Doskow?
Who set up the headquarters of the World Church of The Creator in his parents ' home?
What was one group formed after?
What are a new riverboat casino and jobs in entertainment, tourism and service industries's towns?
Where did Cindy Stanphill say Idaho's image began to worry the staff at Hewlett-Packard several years ago?
What has the state's Human Relations Commission helped more than 50 communities form to do something about hate in Pennsylvania?
Who advised East Peoria city leaders to do two things: form a broad-based coalition on race issues?
What spent in town residents asked citizens to pledge 5 to 50 cents for each minute?
What did the mayor grow up in?
What did we do?
When did EAST PEORIA _?
Who appointed a new Human Relations Commission on Aug. 17?
What are good towns?
Who was a member of the coalition?
What was murdered by a skinhead in 1997?
Who was the city attorney?
Who was 53?
What is a group of major employers?
Who moved his wife and 10 children to Peoria?
Who did the money help organize the town's first rally to honor?
What did Matthew F. Hale set up the headquarters of the World Church of The Creator in?
What spent in town residents formed a unity coalition?
What did carrier say will distribute a million free copies of the booklet and a companion, ``Responding to Hate at School?''
What did the group set up to offer an alternative?
Who were a New Community's brothers?
Who's something nobody has on the scope all the time?
What did Matthew F. Hale set up the headquarters of in his parents ' home?
Who sent Triggs and Mayor Charles Dobbelaire to Fight Hate?
What did the mayor appoint?
What did Cindy Stanphill say Idaho's image began to worry in Boise several years ago?
What thought it was a joke?
What went to civil rights groups?
What was the Southern Poverty Law Center?
What did carrier say the Southern Poverty Law Center will distribute, ``Responding to Hate at School?''
Who was a United Church of Christ minister in Chicago?
Who said, ``I know that still today there are those who believe we should not attract attention to the hatemongers''?
What did one group start in once a month?
What did Louise Doskow say the head of the local Klan complained?
What does not necessarily represent the reality?
What do they believe about?
What was Dennis Triggs?
What was Cindy Stanphill?
What did the group seed the use of the Internet by?
What do they recall trying to ignore his leaflets and appearances on?
Who did the Klan spend in town formed a unity coalition?
What was Ill.?
Who were the experiences collected by?
What was Anita Fricklas the Colorado director of?
What was followed by a prayer vigil in front of the Hale family home?
Who had posted a sign saying ``Hate Has No Home Here'' on the other side of the ordinary, tree-lined street?
Where had a neighbor posted a sign saying ``Hate Has No Home Here''?
What are our towns?
Who said the Southern Poverty Law Center will distribute a million free copies of the booklet and a companion, ``Responding to Hate at School?''
Who was Randle?
What horrified the mayor and the Human Relations commissioners?
What will go to every school principal as well as to human rights groups, religious leaders and interested citizens?
What have made similar efforts?
What did their father move his wife and 10 children to?
Who was their father?
What did another member of the commission say in?
Whose speech was followed by a prayer vigil in front of the Hale family home?
What did Cindy Stanphill say Idaho's image began to worry the staff at Hewlett-Packard in several years ago?
What has enjoyed a comeback in recent years?
What does the image not necessarily represent?
Who said he cannot forget the searing experience of childhood on a cotton plantation in Mississippi?
Who was one group murdered by in 1997?
Who worked at a slaughterhouse?
What does he want to ``oppose hate, preach tolerance and celebrate diversity?''
Who did dees send to Fight Hate?
Who was Anita Fricklas?
What did the Klan spend in residents formed a unity coalition?
What was EAST PEORIA?
Who said, ``This is really causing a bad image for our tri-county area, not just East Peoria''?
Who was a sharecropper?
What are Staff members now trying to organize to promote tolerance?
What persisted?
Who was a copy of the center's publication ``Ten Ways''?
Where did one person come to the corner?
What did Anita Fricklas help underwrite?
What did dees advise East Peoria city leaders to do two things: form a broad-based coalition on?
Who did another collection?
What did dees advise East Peoria city leaders to do two things: form on race issues?
Who said racial issues rarely crossed a neighbor's mind?
Where did one person come at the end of June?
What has the Hewlett-Packard staff tried to find ways to insure in at work and in the community for three years?
Who was Morris Dees?
Where did he set up the headquarters of the World Church of The Creator?
Who did dees advise to do two things: Speak out immediately?
Who was the diversity and staffing manager there?
Who was the director of economic development for Illinois Central College?
Who did Randle say sees the Human Relations Commission as a chance for East Peoria ``to step outside the box and look around?''
What are Staff members now trying to organize to celebrate diversity?
What has the state's Human Relations Commission helped more than 50 communities form groups to do something about hate in?
What did some think?
What did another member of the commission say he has lived in an upscale neighborhood of East Peoria for 17 years with?
What did a new riverboat casino and jobs in entertainment, tourism and service industries do?
What were two of his brothers once jailed for supposedly whistling at a white woman at?
What did Louise Doskow say complained that the group was using the Klan's name to raise money?
Who was Dennis Triggs?
Who then started a series of successful family businesses?
What did Benjamin Smith go on a two-state rampage against Jews killing?
What recall trying to ignore his leaflets and appearances on public-access television?
What did the Klan spend in town residents asked citizens to for each minute?
Who was the son of a retired local policeman?
What do the hard-working residents of this mostly white town on the eastern bank of the Illinois River believe about?
How many free copies of the booklet and a companion did carrier say the Southern Poverty Law Center will distribute, ``Responding to Hate at School?''
Who recall trying to ignore his leaflets and appearances on public-access television?
Who was 48?
Who came to the corner at the end of June?
What did one person come to at the end of June?
What was collecting $1,051 an hour?
What helped organize the town's first rally to honor the Rev. Martin Luther King Jr.?
What did another member of the commission say he has lived in for 17 years with no difficulty?
Who was a historically all-white community northwest of Philadelphia where the Ku Klux Klan distributed recruitment literature?
Who called Morris Dees?
What did he say, ``I know''?
Who did the idea that their town might be seen as some kind of hate capital horrify?
What was Randle the director of for Illinois Central College?
What has EAST PEORIA enjoyed in recent years?
When do they believe that if we quietly go about our everyday life, those who preach hate will fade slowly?
What do a New Community have to deal with?
What stopped after the July 4 weekend?
What did Randle say he sees as a chance for East Peoria ``to step outside the box and look around?''
What did Benjamin Smith go on injuring nine before shooting himself?
What does he want the commission to ``oppose?''
What did carrier say to?''
Who does not intend to let the matter drop?
Who is Jim Carrier?
Who did their father move to Peoria?
Who was a new riverboat casino and jobs in entertainment, tourism and service industries's father?
What did Randle say as?''
What did Randle say he cannot forget the searing experience of childhood on?
What have been added to an updated version of ``Ten Ways to Fight Hate?''
Who said, ``We 're in this for the long haul''?
What has the Hewlett-Packard staff tried to find at work and in the community for three years?
Who was 59?
What has East Peoria survived before?
Where did another member of the commission say?
What do the hard-working residents of this mostly white town on the eastern bank of the Illinois River recall trying to ignore on public-access television?
What do you have to deal with?
What has tried to find ways to insure that people they recruit and employ in Boise feel welcome at work and in the community for three years?
Who was the commission chairman?
When did Randle say he cannot forget the searing experience on a cotton plantation in Mississippi?
Where did another member of the commission say he has lived for 17 years with no difficulty?
When did one group start in Boyertown?
What was Mayor Charles Dobbelaire a copy of?
Who was the commission?
Who was 27?
Who was formed after an African immigrant?
What was Charles Randle?
Where were two of a New Community's brothers once jailed for supposedly whistling at a white woman?
What was Coloradans United Against Hatred formed after?
Who is a former Denver Post reporter?
Where did the mayor grow up?
Where were two of his brothers once jailed for supposedly whistling at a white woman?
Who was the Rev. David Ostendorf?
What said he has lived in an upscale neighborhood of East Peoria for 17 years with no difficulty?
Where did the Klan spend residents formed a unity coalition?
What did Matthew F. Hale set up in his parents ' home?
Who believe that if we quietly go about our everyday life, those who preach hate will fade slowly into the night?
What was formed after an African immigrant?
Who was Benjamin Smith?
What was Louise Doskow a member of?
Whose mind did the mayor say?
What did the group seed the use of by hate groups?
Whose leaflets and appearances do the hard-working residents of this mostly white town on the eastern bank of the Illinois River recall trying to ignore on public-access television?
Who was Matthew F. Hale the son of?
What did the mayor say rarely crossed his mind?
Whose mind did the mayor say racial issues rarely crossed?
Who has to deal with both?
Who was a former World Church member?
What did Judge Lance A. Ito of the Los Angeles Superior Court say the interview contained in a hearing on Oct. 27?
What did even pose?
Whose editor said in an interview that the disclosure was inadvertent?
Who was the black man?
What did Judge Ito note?
Whose department investigator did Judge Ito note?
When did an FBI agent testify?
When did an FBI agent testify that the reporter told him?
What protects reporters from being compelled to provide evidence to the government?
What does the Southern Poverty Law Center track?
What did lawyers for two of Rojas ' co-defendants seek the material as Nov. 25,1995?
What did Trish O'Kane's editor say in an interview that the magazine's reporters do not collaborate with?
What do LOS ANGELES _ A judge has declined to order a reporter to provide prosecutors and defense lawyers with?
What was Montgomery?
Who was Ala.?
What did her editor say in an interview?
What did Judge Lance A. Ito of the Los Angeles Superior Court note would assist the prosecution's case?
Who were Rojas ' co-defendants?
Who identified the reporter as Trish O'Kane in Montgomery?
What was the Southern Poverty Law Center?
Who did lawyers for two of Rojas ' co-defendants beat death of?
Who was Rojas ' lawyer?
Who did an FBI agent identify as Trish O'Kane in Montgomery?
Who noted the material would assist the prosecution's case?
Who disclosed a portion of the interview to an FBI agent about a month later?
Who beat death of a black man?
What did her editor say in an interview that the magazine's reporters do not collaborate with?
Who said in an interview that the magazine's reporters do not collaborate with law enforcement authorities?
Who does Intelligence Report cover?
What did Rojas ' lawyer question without?
What did Ms. O'Kane disclose later?
Who did he identify the reporter as in Montgomery?
What was Intelligence Report?
Who were Ritch Bryant and Jessica Colwell?
Who was Trish O'Kane's editor?
Who sought the material as evidence that their clients had no hand in the Nov. 25,1995?
What did he find that there was?
What did he find was available through other means?
Who did an FBI agent identify the reporter as Trish O'Kane in?
What did he note?
Who was Donald Calabria?
Who was Randall Lee Rojas?
What did he find?
Whose lawyer questioned how Ms. O'Kane had entered the Los Angeles County Jail without filling out required media forms and had interviewed his client without his knowledge?
Who testified that the reporter told him that the defendant had admitted committing a murder in 1995?
What did Judge Lance A. Ito of the Los Angeles Superior Court find through?
Who found the evidence was available through other means?
Whose editor was Mark Potok?
What did lawyers for two of Rojas ' co-defendants beat?
What did Judge Lance A. Ito of the Los Angeles Superior Court say the interview contained ``nothing close to being exculpatory'' for the defense in?
What did Judge Lance A. Ito of the Los Angeles Superior Court say in a hearing on Oct. 27?
What did Judge Lance A. Ito of the Los Angeles Superior Court find was available through other means?
What tracks hate groups?
What did Judge Lance A. Ito of the Los Angeles Superior Court find the evidence was available through?
Who was Milton Walker Jr.?
Who does California's shield law protect from being compelled to provide evidence to the government?
What did her editor say in that the disclosure was inadvertent?
What did Judge Lance A. Ito of the Los Angeles Superior Court find?
What does Trish O'Kane write for?
What did Judge Lance A. Ito of the Los Angeles Superior Court find that there was?
What did Judge Lance A. Ito of the Los Angeles Superior Court note the material would assist?
What did he note would assist the prosecution's case?
What did he note the material would assist?
What was a magazine of the Southern Poverty Law Center?
Who was Mark Potok?
What did he find the evidence was available through?
What posed questions for Rojas?
Whose editor said in an interview that the magazine's reporters do not collaborate with law enforcement authorities?
What did Judge Ito note that a Los Angeles sheriff's department investigator helped arrange?
What do LOS ANGELES _ with?
What did Trish O'Kane's editor say in an interview?
What did an FBI agent testify that the reporter told him that the defendant had admitted committing in 1995?
Who did he identify as Trish O'Kane in Montgomery?
Who was her editor?
What covers right-wing extremists?
Whose lawyer was Donald Calabria?
What did he find through?
What did her editor say in that the magazine's reporters do not collaborate with law enforcement authorities?
What was Intelligence Report a magazine of?
Who said the interview contained ``nothing close to being exculpatory'' for the defense in a hearing on Oct. 27?
When did an FBI agent testify that the reporter told him that the defendant had admitted committing a murder?
What did Trish O'Kane's editor say in that the disclosure was inadvertent?
Who did an FBI agent identify the reporter as in Montgomery?
Who was the defendant?
What was a civil rights group?
Whose co-defendants were Ritch Bryant and Jessica Colwell?
What did Judge Lance A. Ito of the Los Angeles Superior Court note?
What did her editor say in an interview with?
Who noted that even participated?
What did Trish O'Kane's editor say in an interview with?
Who found that there was no need to pierce California's shield law?
Who noted that a Los Angeles sheriff's department investigator helped arrange the interview?
What did Ms. O'Kane disclose a portion of later?
Who questioned how Ms. O'Kane had entered the Los Angeles County Jail without filling out required media forms and had interviewed his client without his knowledge?
What did Trish O'Kane's editor say in that the magazine's reporters do not collaborate with law enforcement authorities?
Who did he identify the reporter as Trish O'Kane in?
Who writes for Intelligence Report?
Who did an FBI agent testify that the reporter told that the defendant had admitted committing a murder in 1995?
Who said in an interview that the disclosure was inadvertent?
What have some members of his family appeared before hearing the case?
What have resulted in convictions?
What are more witnesses coming forward at?
What are being met with sympathy from district attorneys?
Who are they still trying to convict for war crimes from World War II?
Who did a grand jury fail to indict two suspects in the 1957 slaying of Willie Edwards Jr. in?
What is a new breed of prosecutors and investigators realizing the important role that resolving these cases can play in?
What are at least seven of these long-dormant cases currently being re-examined in?
What did they have to see in this man?
What has none ever been tried by for the Philadelphia killings?
What did U. S. Attorney Doug Jones skip classes for a week to watch Bill Baxley successfully prosecute the Klan leader Robert Chambliss for as a law student in 1977?
Who reminded Roscoe of the images from three decades ago of police officers wielding fire hoses in the park to disperse civil rights protesters?
What do Bob Helfrich say, ` Have not on? '
What were other families inspired by?
What was Stoner shared with Chambliss?
Who has blacks tell me not to mess with this?
What did Baxley believe in?
Who said some of the same problems he encountered 20 years ago still exist?
Who did U. S. Attorney Doug Jones kill?
What do documents show that J. Edgar Hoover prevented bureau agents from meeting with prosecutors to present the voluminous evidence they had collected in for example?
What did U. S. Attorney Doug Jones say?
What were inspired by those successes?
Who was Dahmer?
Who is another man awaiting?
What did he skip classes for a week to watch Bill Baxley successfully prosecute the Klan leader Robert Chambliss for as a law student in 1977?
Who wish the reopening of the bombing luck?
How many prosecutions of Beckwith ended in mistrials in the 1960s?
Who was witnesses quoted in FBI files?
When has the South's political, social and legal climate changed significantly?
Who now would not discuss specific evidence?
What do Vernon Dahmer in Mississippi 'm so thankful?
When was Chambliss?
Who was the field secretary of the Mississippi National Association for the Advancement of Colored People?
What does something about justice in this country say go out?
Who did a grand jury fail to indict in the 1957 slaying of Willie Edwards Jr. in Montgomery?
Who do Vernon Dahmer in Mississippi have tell me not to mess with this?
Who was shared a prison cell with Chambliss?
What show that J. Edgar Hoover prevented bureau agents from meeting with prosecutors to present the voluminous evidence they had collected in the Birmingham case for example?
What is just like that?
What inspired the film ``Ghosts of Mississippi?''
What did Roscoe say: the case's?
What did two prosecutions of Beckwith end in in the 1960s?
What did it also prompt to push for a trial in his 1966 killing?
What are in their mid-40s to early 50s?
What was this fresh round of investigations into the long-ago killings inspired by?
What have begun pushing in the past year for answers in some of the lesser-known, long-ago slayings linked to race?
When are Joseph Lewis getting close?
Who did it also prompt the family of to push for a trial in his 1966 killing?
Who were two suspects?
What did he skip for a week to watch Bill Baxley successfully prosecute the Klan leader Robert Chambliss for murder in the bombing as a law student in 1977?
When did Baxley choose not to prosecute other suspects?
What are both men still trying to convict Nazis for from World War II?
What do I have blacks tell me not to with this?
What was U. S. Attorney Doug Jones when Birmingham's 16th Street Baptist Church was bombed?
What did it also prompt the family of Vernon Dahmer in Mississippi to push for a trial in?
Who was professor emeritus of history at the University of Mississippi?
Who can get them?
Who 'm so thankful that others who have suffered the same injustice as both men did have moved forth?
Who did Byron De La Beckwith shoot to?
What was another hurdle in the Birmingham case in 1977 that people remained from the Klan?
Who had to let the jury see that this is not a harmless old grandfather or uncle?
Who was David Sansing?
What has a federal grand jury been hearing in a 1963 racist bombing that killed four black girls in a downtown Birmingham church?
Who was J. Edgar Hoover then?
Who keeps track of hate crimes?
What did Baxley say still exist?
What are they still trying to convict Nazis for from World War II?
Who can they get?
What do documents show that J. Edgar Hoover prevented from meeting with prosecutors to present the voluminous evidence they had collected in the Birmingham case for example?
What did he say was to show the jury that Chambliss was once capable of killing four children for instance?
What was Birmingham's 16th Street Baptist Church?
Who did he skip classes for a week to watch Bill Baxley successfully prosecute for murder in the bombing as a law student in 1977?
Who was Shane Buggay?
What was at a recent ceremony at the 16th Street Church?
What is costly?
Who was by a Birmingham News reporter?
What do I not believe after all this time?
Who has been investigating the case since 1996?
What are both men still trying to convict Nazis for war crimes from?
Who was Willie Edwards Jr.?
What can you not put a price on?
Who are mostly Southern and mostly white?
Who have appeared before the grand jury hearing the case?
Who was 9 when Birmingham's 16th Street Baptist Church was bombed?
What did he say for instance?
What has been hearing evidence for more than a year in a 1963 racist bombing that killed four black girls in a downtown Birmingham church?
What ended in mistrials in the 1960s?
What has run out in the Birmingham case as well as in all the other cases from that time?
Who was Bob Helfrich?
What do Vernon Dahmer in Mississippi not believe after all this time?
Who can Shane Buggay get?
Who was Frank Sikora?
What was Belzoni?
What are black community leaders and relatives of victims being met with?
What was a result of meetings between local black religious and community leaders and local bureau officials in the mid-1990s?
What did Bill Baxley say his main concern in 1977 was to show the jury that Chambliss was once capable of killing four children for?
What have some members of his family appeared before the grand jury hearing?
When were Federal civil rights charges used to convict a few suspects in these kinds of slayings?
Who said his main concern in 1977 was to show the jury that Chambliss was once capable of killing four children for instance?
When was limitations done against Chambliss?
When are three others set to go on trial on charges of murdering Pool?
What quit denying this justice?
What did we have to let see that this is not a harmless old grandfather or uncle?
What have Blacks pushed for to be heard before today's racially diverse juries?
What can you bring it to?
Who was the former Klan leader?
What was Bob Helfrich?
Who was Charles Noble?
Who was of the former Klansman?
What did the church's pastor say is necessary because the church has continued to receive bomb threats since the case was reopened?
What do Vernon Dahmer in Mississippi not believe the guys who did the bombing are ever going to be convicted after?
What was another hurdle in the Birmingham case in 1977 from?
What was reopened?
What did U. S. Attorney Doug Jones say there is also?
Who became a U. S. attorney in 1997?
What did seven of those 18 have to see in this man?
Who was widow of Medgar Evers and chairwoman emeritus of the NAACP?
Who was Jackson?
When was David Sansing professor emeritus at the University of Mississippi?
Who did we have to let the jury see that this is not?
What do a few have to school integration and black voter registration?
What do no transcripts from trials on federal charges do in?
When are most?
What did seven of those 18 have to let the jury see?
When are three others to go on trial?
What were seven of those 18 convicted on?
What was the re-examination of the Birmingham bombing?
Who said, ``Not all people remain the same all through their lives''?
Who was Baxley?
What does a new breed feel as many witnesses and defendants in the cases grow old?
Who was the church's pastor?
Who said, ``The Medgar Evers case was a wedge in the dam''?
What was the re-examination of the Birmingham bombing a result of?
What says the ripples go out?
Who met last month with a prosecutor who recently began re-examining the 1965 killing of her husband in an ambush in Louisiana?
What did he push for?
Who were both former Klansmen?
When are they getting close?
Who is the Evers slaying the killings of?
What is the Evers slaying?
What is the black constituency emboldened by?
What was Shane Buggay?
Who is awaiting sentencing?
Who was limitations done in 1977 against?
What was another hurdle in the Birmingham case in 1977 that people remained afraid of from the Klan?
Who said they had been asked over and over why they wanted to stir up trouble?
What were used in the 1960s to convict a few suspects in these kinds of slayings?
Who do I have tell me not to mess with this?
What failed to indict two suspects in the 1957 slaying of Willie Edwards Jr. in Montgomery?
What is realizing the important role that resolving these cases can play in the South's efforts to move beyond the South's past of racial hate and terrorism?
What do documents show that J. Edgar Hoover prevented bureau agents from meeting with prosecutors to present in the Birmingham case for example?
Who told reporters before her grand jury testimony that Cherry had admitted his involvement in the bombing and had bragged about it in the Birmingham case?
What did STORY CAN END also prompt the family of Vernon Dahmer in Mississippi to push for a trial in?
What are living: Tommy Blanton Jr. in Birmingham and Bobby Frank Cherry in Texas of the three other suspects named in the original FBI report?
What have both men maintained?
When had black community leaders and relatives of victims complained about the lack of action in both the higher-profile and the lesser-known of these cases?
Who are two living: Tommy Blanton Jr. in Birmingham and Bobby Frank Cherry in Texas of?
What had black community leaders and relatives of victims complained about in both the higher-profile and the lesser-known of these cases for years?
What can you not put on justice?
Who shot to death Evers?
Who killed the four girls?
Who now have said there are no new suspects, only new information?
What has none ever been tried by the state for?
What do they do in?
Who did many prosecutors say had been asked over and over why they wanted to stir up trouble?
Who can bring that to closure?
What can Vernon Dahmer in Mississippi not put on justice?
Who are getting close to their final days?
Who was head of the Birmingham division of the FBI?
What had been ignored by authorities for years?
Who was a one-armed sharecropper?
What did a grand jury fail to indict two suspects in in Montgomery?
Who did U. S. Attorney Doug Jones skip classes for a week to watch Bill Baxley successfully prosecute the Klan leader Robert Chambliss for murder in the bombing as?
When did he skip classes to watch Bill Baxley successfully prosecute the Klan leader Robert Chambliss for murder in the bombing as a law student in 1977?
What are they being met with?
Who have blacks tell me not to mess with this?
Who did STORY CAN END also prompt the family of to push for a trial in his 1966 killing?
What are currently being re-examined in the South?
Who believed two major witnesses's testimony might have helped convict others in the bombing?
Who did seven of those 18 have to see the evil in?
What say, ` Have not we spent enough money on this? '
What are still trying to convict Nazis for war crimes from World War II?
What was another hurdle in the Birmingham case in 1977 that people remained afraid of retaliation from?
Who pleaded guilty to manslaughter in the case this summer?
What can U. S. Attorney Doug Jones bring that to?
What are getting close to their final days?
Who do documents show with in the Birmingham case for example?
Who did U. S. Attorney Doug Jones skip classes for a week to watch Bill Baxley successfully prosecute for murder in the bombing as a law student in 1977?
Who are other major impediments to getting convictions aging?
Where are at least seven of these long-dormant cases currently being re-examined?
What does Time have?
What did police officers stand outside in Birmingham commemorating the victims of the bombing?
What did the third of Cherry's five wives tell reporters before her grand jury testimony about in the Birmingham case?
Who was Bill Baxley?
What have only just begun to be reinvestigated?
What have not all of the recently resurrected cases in the South resulted in?
Who did he skip classes for a week to watch successfully prosecute the Klan leader Robert Chambliss for murder in the bombing as a law student in 1977?
What was Jackson the field secretary of?
Who did a city gardener using a leaf blower remind from three decades ago of police officers wielding fire hoses in the park to disperse civil rights protesters?
Who did the wife of one of the first black deputy sheriffs in a small parish meet last month with in Louisiana?
Who do Vernon Dahmer in Mississippi have blacks tell not to mess with this?
What did seven of those 18 have to let see that this is not a harmless old grandfather or uncle?
What have some members of Bobby Frank Cherry's family appeared before hearing the case?
Who refused to testify?
What was Joseph Lewis head of?
What do Vernon Dahmer in Mississippi have blacks tell me not to with this?
What do documents show that J. Edgar Hoover prevented bureau agents from meeting with prosecutors to present the voluminous evidence they had collected in the Birmingham case for?
Who wishes them luck?
What do I 'm so thankful?
What did Baxley say?
What did let's quit denying?
What did he say his main concern in 1977 was to show the jury that Chambliss was once capable of killing four children for?
What were convicted on federal charges?
What did STORY CAN END also prompt the family of Vernon Dahmer in Mississippi to push for in his 1966 killing?
When have other families begun pushing for answers in some of the lesser-known, long-ago slayings linked to race?
How many suspects were both former Klansmen?
What have some members of Bobby Frank Cherry's family appeared before the grand jury hearing?
Who have pushed for these cases to be heard before today's racially diverse juries?
What do in better-known cases like the Evers slaying?
When was acquitted in the 1970 slaying of Rainey Pool in Belzoni?
Who was the former Alabama attorney general who prosecuted the Birmingham bombing case in 1977?
What did Baxley believe might have helped convict others in the bombing?
Who did the bureau interview recently?
Who does not believe the guys who did the bombing are ever going to be convicted after all this time?
Who do Bobby Frank Cherry meet?
What are three others set to go on trial Wednesday on?
When has Joseph Lewis been investigating the case?
Who was then the FBI director?
What are these and other unresolved, racially motivated killings of blacks from the civil rights era under across the South?
Who was a black truck driver?
Who skipped classes for a week to watch Bill Baxley successfully prosecute the Klan leader Robert Chambliss for murder in the bombing as a law student in 1977?
Who was the Hattiesburg NAACP president?
Who are two living: of the three other suspects named in the original FBI report?
Who was 66?
What did Bill Baxley say for instance?
Who was convicted of the fire-bombing murder of Dahmer in 1998?
Who did he skip classes for a week to watch Bill Baxley successfully prosecute the Klan leader Robert Chambliss for murder in the bombing as?
What had black community leaders and relatives of victims complained about the lack of action in for years?
What do they all share?
Who do I not believe are ever going to be convicted after all this time?
What was the charge in the successful conviction in 1994 in Jackson?
What is far less potent?
Who was the Rev. Christopher Hamlin?
What did Roscoe refer to?
What are three others set to go on Wednesday on charges of murdering Pool?
Where did police officers stand guard outside?
Who was 32?
Who was Byron De La Beckwith?
Who disagreed?
What is the same time just like?
Who was Sam Bowers?
What can Vernon Dahmer in Mississippi not put a price on?
Who did Baxley believe two major witnesses's testimony might have helped convict in the bombing?
What are these and other unresolved, racially motivated killings of blacks from the civil rights era under new scrutiny across?
Who are coming forward at the same time?
What do a few have childhood memories of to school integration and black voter registration?
Who said such vigilance is necessary because the church has continued to receive bomb threats since the case was reopened?
What can they get?
What is the killings of the Philadelphia rights workers and the Birmingham church bombing?
What did Jones say with?
What is example?
What did Bill Baxley say was to show the jury that Chambliss was once capable of killing four children for instance?
Who said: the case's a waste of time?
Who said there is also a possibility of using state murder charges?
Who was another man charged in the Dahmer case?
Who is costly?
What are aging witnesses with failing memories, or key witnesses who have already died?
What was Jackson?
Who was a Birmingham native?
Who was murder the charge in the successful conviction in 1994 in?
Who meet my maker?
Who was the Alabama attorney general?
What do they say, ` Have not on? '
How many major witnesses refused to testify?
What exist?
Who was said to have owned a car linked to the bombing?
Who stood guard outside in Birmingham commemorating the victims of the bombing?
Who did they have to see the evil in?
What can get them?
What persists?
What did police officers stand guard outside in?
Who was Joe Oliver Watson?
What has a federal grand jury been hearing evidence for more than a year in?
Who was Miss.?
When did a white man plead guilty?
Who was 45?
What did STORY CAN END also prompt to push for a trial in his 1966 killing?
What are three others to go on this week?
What did many prosecutors say had been asked over and over why they wanted to stir up trouble?
Who was U. S. Attorney Doug Jones?
What was this summer acquitted in in Belzoni?
Whose urgings have been taken more seriously because the South's political, social and legal climate has changed significantly since the era of the killings?
Who do Vernon Dahmer in Mississippi not believe are ever going to be convicted after all this time?
What have some had?
What did he skip classes for a week to watch for as a law student in 1977?
What was murder in Jackson?
What did U. S. Attorney Doug Jones skip classes for a week to watch for as a law student in 1977?
What do I not believe the guys who did the bombing are ever going to be convicted after?
What did Roscoe say:'s a waste of time?
Who do I meet?
Who had Frank Sikora named as the one who placed the bomb at the church, ``Until Justice Rolls Down''?
What did the church's pastor say?
Who say, ` Have not we spent enough money on this? '
What had Frank Sikora named Cherry as, ``Until Justice Rolls Down''?
What did Baxley believe two major witnesses's testimony might have helped convict others in?
How many others are set to go on trial Wednesday on charges of murdering Pool?
Whose testimony did Baxley believe in?
Who did?
What have been taken more seriously because the South's political, social and legal climate has changed significantly since the era of the killings?
Who said that his office was looking into using a federal law with no statute of limitations concerning the transport of dynamite in the bombing?
What had to see the evil in this man?
Who was the man?
Who was convicted in another church bombing in Birmingham?
Who have maintained their innocence?
What was U. S. Attorney Doug Jones?
Who said, ``The South is still in the process of a cleansing moment with these cases''?
Who had to see the evil in this man?
How many suspects did a grand jury fail to indict in the 1957 slaying of Willie Edwards Jr. in Montgomery?
What has continued to receive bomb threats since the case was reopened?
Who did seven of those 18 have to let the jury see that this is not?
What are set to go on trial Wednesday on charges of murdering Pool?
What have other families begun pushing in the past year for?
What was Birmingham at?
Who have steadily gained political power?
Who was Rainey Pool?
Whose testimony did Baxley believe might have helped convict others in the bombing?
What did Roscoe say: It's?
Who pushed for the current grand jury investigation of others named in FBI files as suspects in the bombing?
What does that's in?
What can Shane Buggay get?
What is happy that these cases are back in the public spotlight?
What can you bring to closure?
What was inspired by the well-publicized conviction in 1994 of an aging white defendant in the 1963 assassination of the Mississippi civil rights leader Medgar Evers?
What has changed significantly since the era of the killings?
Who are still trying to convict Nazis for war crimes from World War II?
What have Blacks pushed for these cases to be heard before?
Who said: It's a waste of time?
What was Stoner convicted in?
What was that people remained afraid of retaliation from the Klan?
Who grow old?
What is it just like?
What are they still trying to convict Nazis for war crimes from?
What did Roscoe say: It's a waste of?
Who was Justice Rolls Down by?
What is the bureau that is leading the new investigation?
What do state murder charges have no statute of?
Who are being met with sympathy from district attorneys?
What did Roscoe say: the case's a waste of?
Who was Jackson of?
What did he say there is also?
When did two prosecutions of Beckwith end in mistrials?
What was a center for civil rights activity in the 1960s?
Who do in better-known cases like the Evers slaying?
Who cannot put a price on justice?
What do a few have childhood memories of the crimes and of the violent reaction of the Ku Klux Klan to?
When did another man plead guilty to manslaughter in the case?
Who was 47?
What interviewed Cherry recently?
What was a former Klan leader convicted of in 1998?
What's what you hope for in cases like this?
Who is white?
What has the church continued to receive since the case was reopened?
When had the long-ago killings been ignored by authorities?
What is it?
Who was by then a frail 74-year-old?
What did we have to let the jury see?
What was this summer acquitted in the 1970 slaying of Rainey Pool in?
Who chose not to prosecute other suspects at that time?
What was Joseph Lewis?
What did he say?
Who are to go on trial this week?
When was a former Klan leader convicted of the fire-bombing murder of Dahmer?
What is emboldened by new-found political power?
Who was the assistant district attorney in Hattiesburg who prosecuted Bowers and plans to prosecute Charles Noble next spring?
What is a new breed of prosecutors and investigators realizing the important role in?
Who said, ``that they would look at him and think how could this old man be a threat to anybody, ``It worried me''?
Who can bring it to closure?
Who was an orthopedic surgeon?
What did many prosecutors say?
Who are both men still trying to convict for war crimes from World War II?
Who was Stoner shared a prison cell with?
What was done in 1977 against Chambliss?
Who did Baxley choose not to prosecute at that time?
When did Jones become a U. S. attorney?
Who have officials close to the case now said there are?
What did U. S. Attorney Doug Jones push for?
What have Blacks steadily gained?
What are before grand juries or are being prosecuted?
What did it also prompt the family of Vernon Dahmer in Mississippi to push for in his 1966 killing?
What had the long-ago killings been ignored by for years?
What are under new scrutiny across the South?
Who had complained about the lack of action in both the higher-profile and the lesser-known of these cases for years?
What have no statute of limitations?
What share some sense that the decades-old cases are still a stumbling block to the South's progress?
Who do I have blacks tell not to mess with this?
What have officials close to the case now said?
What's what Bobby Frank Cherry hope for in cases like this?
What do state murder charges have?
Who 'mes so thankful that others who have suffered the same injustice as we did have moved forth?
Who do not believe the guys who did the bombing are ever going to be convicted after all this time?
How many others are to go on trial this week?
What have had little national attention?
Who meets my maker?
What is realizing the important role that resolving these cases can play in the South's efforts to move beyond its past of racial hate and terrorism?
Who had named Cherry as the one who placed the bomb at the church, ``Until Justice Rolls Down''?
What does Dees of the law center keep track of?
What came after two prosecutions of Beckwith ended in mistrials in the 1960s?
Who pleaded guilty this summer?
Who was Myrlie Evers-Williams widow of?
When has nothing to do with it?
Who was Myrlie Evers-Williams?
What also prompted the family of Vernon Dahmer in Mississippi to push for a trial in his 1966 killing?
What has ever been tried by the state for the Philadelphia killings?
What have childhood memories of the crimes and of the violent reaction of the Ku Klux Klan to school integration and black voter registration?
What does Dees of the law center keep?
Who referred to the reopening of the bombing case?
What would officials close to the case now not discuss?
What feels an urgency as many witnesses and defendants in the cases grow old?
What was Myrlie Evers-Williams?
What can U. S. Attorney Doug Jones bring to closure?
When did a city gardener using a leaf blower remind Roscoe of the images?
Who did Jones become in 1997?
What had to let the jury see that this is not a harmless old grandfather or uncle?
How many girls did U. S. Attorney Doug Jones kill?
How many upcoming cable specials may leave viewers wondering if too much freedom is a bad thing?
What does Morris Dees say is not to censor the Internet?
If you eliminate the word ` Nazi ' what might you eliminate?
Who does it just mean 've moved on to a much greater level?
What did U. S. astronaut Mary Ellen Weber and her crew mates visit the International Space Station to replace because the warranties had expired on her most recent shuttle trip?
If you eliminate the word ` Nazi ' when might you eliminate a major piece?
Who says she's OK with that?
Who 'mes not upset at all that there is not the same amount of excitement?
What does Stroud say?
Even if Weber can forgive America's lack of enthusiasm for space exploration what cannot?
Who says hating other people made him feel superior?
Who says so-called Internet ``filters'' that remove hateful language are often misguided?
What did Josh show under?''
If Morris Dees eliminate the word ` Nazi ' when might you eliminate a major piece?
What do I 'm not upset at all that there is not the same amount of?
What was he taken in by?
Who says the answer is not to censor the Internet?
What might Morris Dees eliminate?
What do Josh 'm not upset at all?
What does it just mean to?
Who says kids like Josh often feel that adults have let them down?
Who does Stroud say often feel that adults have let them down?
Who does any wonder Americans do not get jazzed about space exploration anymore just mean 've moved on to a much greater level?
What does Stroud say kids like Josh often feel?
Who created a model of a concentration camp for a school project?
When will Discovery air ``Inside the Space Station,'' an hourlong look at probably the greatest engineering marvel of kids like Josh's time?
Who is Morris Dees?
What does Morris Dees say the answer is not to censor?
What do Josh 'm not upset at that there is not the same amount of excitement?
What will it be the first of?
Who might eliminate things that would be positive responses to hate on the Web?
What is one such exercise with a boy named Josh described in?
What is described in Warnings from a Small Town?
What does Morris Dees say?
Who does Stroud say kids like Josh often feel that adults have let down?
What just means kids like Josh 've moved on to a much greater level?
What did Josh show on?''
What does Stroud say made him feel superior?
What will it be?
Who is Hate & Violence: No Simple Answers?
What do kids like Josh 're trying to take?
What did he show under?''
Who tries to reach other skinheads by conducting interventions?
What will look at other moons in our solar system, and comets?
Who 're trying to adopt it into our lives?
What do I 'm not upset at that there is not the same amount of excitement?
What did Dees say, ``I do not think''?
What did Josh show belong ``under the ground?''
What are especially others different from him?
What does any wonder Americans do not get jazzed about space exploration anymore just mean to?
Who does Weber say's OK with that?
What just means we 've moved on to a much greater level?
What does Stroud say kids like Josh often feel that adults have let down?
Who 're trying to take space?
What are especially others different from Steven Stroud?
Who 'm not upset at all that there is not the same amount of excitement?
Who received an A from his teacher?
What does any wonder Americans do not get jazzed about space exploration anymore just mean kids like Josh 've moved on to?
If you eliminate the word ` Nazi ' who might eliminate a major piece of history?
What's a free country?
What will Discovery be the first of?
What will Discovery air Inside on Dec. 10?
Who is the third installment in Discovery's series?
What do Josh 'm not upset at all that there is not?
If Morris Dees eliminate the word ` Nazi ' who might eliminate a major piece of history?
Who could not agree more?
What did he show on?''
What had expired?
What will look at other moons in kids like Josh's solar system, and comets?
What do we 're trying to adopt into our lives?
What does he say are often misguided?
What will air ``Inside the Space Station,'' an hourlong look at probably the greatest engineering marvel of kids like Josh's time on Dec. 10?
Who is co-founder of the Southern Poverty Law Center and a crusader against intolerance?
What does it's?
What will Discovery be?
What did Josh create?
Who does Stroud say hating other people made feel superior?
What is divorce?
Where did Josh show?''
What did he show all other races belong ``under?''
What is abuse?
What does Weber say with?
What do kids like Josh 're trying to adopt into our lives?
What did he show belong ``under the ground?''
What do we 're trying to adopt it into?
Who was taken in by a loving foster family?
What is Stroud?
What does Weber say she's OK with?
What are hating other people?
What will air ``Inside the Space Station,'' an hourlong look at probably the greatest engineering marvel of our time on Dec. 10?
Who showed how whites belong ``on top?''
What did Josh create a model of?
Who may two upcoming cable specials leave wondering if too much freedom is a bad thing?
What do I 'm not upset at all that there is not?
Who is Portland?
If Morris Dees eliminate the word ` Nazi ' what might you eliminate?
What do I 'm not upset at all?
Where did he show?''
What is Warnings from a Small Town?
What was Steven Stroud taken in by?
Who did Josh receive an A from?
What might you eliminate?
Who said, ``The youth are looking for something''?
Who does a community activist in Portland try to reach by conducting interventions?
Who showed all other races belong ``under the ground?''
What did Josh receive from his teacher?
What do kids like Josh 're trying to adopt space into?
Who says, ``It's not necessarily about trying to get to one particular place and all cheer afterwards''?
What do we 're trying to take?
What did Josh show all other races belong ``under?''
What does it just mean we 've moved on to?
What will be the first of four quarterly specials dedicated to the final frontier?
What's what the International Space Station will be when construction is completed?
What will subsequent programs look at?
What do Josh 'm not upset at all that there is not the same amount of?
What does Morris Dees say are often misguided?
What is Morris Dees co-founder of?
Who 're trying to adopt space into our lives?
When will Discovery air ``Inside the Space Station,'' an hourlong look at probably the greatest engineering marvel of our time?
What may leave viewers wondering if too much freedom is a bad thing?
What does that's?
Who visited the International Space Station to replace three fire extinguishers, four fans and 10 smoke detectors because the warranties had expired on her most recent shuttle trip?
What was Jesse Warfield then head of?
What did he move to from California?
What were white?
What did Shane Wright think inside the compound?
What do she beg to leave her son alone?
What did her son get out with?
What does Pastor Butler quite properly erect the twin defenses of?
Who was founders of a group called the White Aryan Resistance?
What did Mathews die in by the FBI in 1984?
Who is a third guard?
What were Butler himself and 12 other white supremacist leaders arrested in 1987 on?
Who said later, they thought they were under armed attack by militant Jews at the time of the assault?
What is the idea that a large judgment will force the Aryan Nations to turn over to the plaintiffs in payment?
What did John Yeager leap into?
Who is Alan Berg?
Who did skinhead followers of theirs from Portland kill?
What did two of the security guards plead guilty to criminal charges in?
Who leaped into the back of the pickup?
Who said Dees and his legal team were trying ``to paint this ragtag band of borderline derelicts as a highly organized, well-trained and disciplined military organization?''
What was the major Klan defendant?
What flattened the Keenans ' rear tire?
What would be ``laughable if not so patently preposterous?''
What was armed with a semiautomatic rifle?
What does Pastor Butler quite properly erect?
Who is a Jewish talk-show host in Denver?
What did Robert Mathews form in 1983?
What did Edgar J. Steele point out that on the night of the attack, the volunteer guards made in court documents?
Who are expected to be called as witnesses for the plaintiffs?
Who was Mark Thomas?
What do lawyers for Butler maintain in that demonizing Jews is still legal under the First Amendment in response to the suit's accusation that Dees encourages violence?
What is post-traumatic stress disorder?
What was Ore.?
What did jury selection begin Monday morning in the Kootenai County Courthouse as members of a special police marched on the sidewalk nearby?
Who said that he threw his Job Corps card out the window on a whim and, inadvertently, his wallet along with it?
When have Butler and Edgar J. Steele's organization welcomed many white supremacists later convicted of violent crimes?
Who is the idea that a large judgment will force the Aryan Nations to turn over the compound to?
When did the center win a large verdict against Klan groups and members for an assault on peaceful civil rights marchers in Forsyth County in 1989?
Who quite properly erects the twin defenses of both free speech and religion contained within the First Amendment?
What did the guards say under at the time of the assault?
What does Dees seek unspecified damages on behalf of a woman and her son in?
Who struck him with a bat and the butt of a rifle?
What did weapons unit patrolled the roof and the grounds and a sole Aryan Nations supporter wave?
What did the center win a large verdict against Klan groups and members for on Jan. 17,1987 in 1989?
Who was Mulugeta Seraw?
What was the pickup armed with?
When did Robert Mathews form a terrorist group known as the Order?
What is Dees a founder of?
What did Keenan say that he threw his Job Corps card out the window on?
What did she say after determining, the men relented?
Who got out with a flashlight?
What did Edgar J. Steele move to from California?
Who did she say, so turned her car around and drove back to look for it the wallet had been a gift from his grandfather?
What did their car slide into?
Who maintain in court documents that demonizing Jews is still legal under the First Amendment in response to the suit's accusation that he encourages violence?
What was Fort Smith?
What did two of the security guards plead guilty to in the assault?
When did Edgar J. Steele point out that, the volunteer guards made no effort to notify Butler of their actions in court documents?
Who did skinhead followers of 1990 from Portland kill?
Who did lawyers for the center also sue in 1990 after skinhead followers of theirs from Portland killed Mulugeta Seraw?
What did he move to northern Idaho from?
What were Butler himself and 12 other white supremacist leaders acquitted at trial in?
What do lawyers for Butler maintain in court documents that demonizing Jews is still legal under in response to the suit's accusation that Dees encourages violence?
Who was the leader of the Aryan Nations in Pennsylvania?
Who died in a siege by the FBI in 1984?
What were Butler a model for the Oklahoma City bomber Timothy J. McVeigh and 12 other white supremacist leaders arrested in 1987 on?
Who is the idea that a large judgment will force to turn over the compound to the plaintiffs in payment?
Who moved to northern Idaho from California?
What did a bullet flatten?
Who were acquitted at trial in Fort Smith?
What does Dees seek on behalf of a woman and her son in his suit?
Who did Edgar J. Steele say were trying ``to paint this ragtag band of borderline derelicts as a highly organized, well-trained and disciplined military organization?''
What was forced to turn its headquarters over to the victim's mother?
Who did she say after determining that the Keenans were unarmed, relented?
Who did their pursuers run up to?
When did lawyers for the center also sue Tom and John Metzger after skinhead followers of theirs from Portland killed Mulugeta Seraw?
Who was Shane Wright?
What is that a large judgment will force the Aryan Nations to turn over the compound to the plaintiffs in payment?
Who was later identified as Warfield?
Who was Mark Thomas the leader of in Pennsylvania?
Who was one of the best known, and a model for the Oklahoma City bomber Timothy J. McVeigh, ?
What do lawyers for Butler maintain in court documents that demonizing Jews is still legal under the First Amendment in?
What did the center win for an assault on peaceful civil rights marchers in Forsyth County on Jan. 17,1987 in 1989?
Who did he say were trying ``to paint this ragtag band of borderline derelicts as a highly organized, well-trained and disciplined military organization?''
Who have Butler and his organization welcomed in the 27 years?
What made me very scared?
Where did Edgar J. Steele move from California?
Who were her son attacked by in July 1998?
How many Klansmen were convicted of criminal charges?
When were Butler a model for the Oklahoma City bomber Timothy J. McVeigh and 12 other white supremacist leaders arrested on federal sedition charges?
Who pleaded guilty to criminal charges in the assault?
Who are expected to testify that as a result of the assault, Keenan and her son suffer from post-traumatic stress disorder?
Who was Edgar J. Steele?
What did Keenan say with?
Who was the man later identified as?
When were her son attacked by guards near the compound?
What is still legal to hate?
What is when she realized that they were near the entrance to the Aryan Nations compound?
What won a $7 million verdict for the mother of Michael Donald who had been lynched by members of the United Klans of America in Mobile in 1987?
What does Dees seek unspecified damages on in his suit?
What are witnesses expected to testify that as a result of the assault, Keenan and her son suffer from?
Who also sued Tom and John Metzger in 1990 after skinhead followers of theirs from Portland killed Mulugeta Seraw?
What did the guards bear down on?
Whose pursuers ran up to them?
When did Edgar J. Steele point out that, the volunteer guards made no effort to notify Butler of court documents's actions in court documents?
Where were Butler a model for the Oklahoma City bomber Timothy J. McVeigh and 12 other white supremacist leaders acquitted at trial?
What did she say for the wallet had been a gift from his grandfather?
Who pointed out that on the night of the attack, the volunteer guards made no effort to notify Butler of court documents's actions in court documents?
What was Tom and John Metzger founders of?
Who begged them to leave her son alone?
Who testified at a hearing that when she turned around, her 1977 Datsun had backfired?
Who was then head of security?
Who did the guards say later, thought they were under armed attack by militant Jews at the time of the assault?
Who argued, ``they knew it''?
What are other members of the organization serving?
Who was an Aryan Nations security guard?
Who to pull over?
Who was Michael Donald?
What was Ark.?
Who did it make very scared?
Who were arrested in 1987 on federal sedition charges?
What did she strike him with?
Who said after determining that the Keenans were unarmed, the men relented?
Who was John Yeager?
What was Mobile?
Who do she beg to leave her son alone?
Who said a man struck her with a rifle butt, grabbed her by the hair and screamed at her?
What was Ala.?
What did he say as?''
Who turned around?
Whose car slid into a ditch?
What waved the group's black and red flag?
What did Keenan say in?
Who seeks unspecified damages on behalf of a woman and her son in his suit?
What did Keenan say that he threw out the window on a whim and, inadvertently, his wallet along with it?
Who was a skinhead from California?
What did the Keenans ' car slide into?
Who screamed for her to pull over?
Who thought I was going to die?
Who quickly found the wallet?
Who argued, ``John Yeager knew it''?
What did Keenan say out?
What won a large verdict against Klan groups and members for an assault on peaceful civil rights marchers in Forsyth County on Jan. 17,1987 in 1989?
What was Tom and John Metzger?
What did the center win in Mobile in 1987?
What was Jesse Warfield?
What did Edgar J. Steele point out that on the night of the attack, the volunteer guards made no effort to notify Butler of their actions in?
What do lawyers for Butler maintain in court documents under in response to the suit's accusation that Dees encourages violence?
What do lawyers for Butler maintain in court documents under in response to the suit's accusation that he encourages violence?
What was Robert Mathews?
Who thought he heard a gunshot inside the compound?
What often did?
What did Shane Wright think he heard a gunshot inside?
Who is a fugitive in the criminal case?
What were Butler himself and 12 other white supremacist leaders acquitted at in Fort Smith?
What did Keenan say that her son had been in?
What was Portland?
What did he and Jesse Warfield jump into?
What was forced to disband?
Who bore down on her car?
Who were attacked by guards near the compound in July 1998?
Who are serving federal prison sentences of 40 to 100 years?
What did the guards say later, they thought under at the time of the assault?
Who confessed to being part of another terrorist group in the mid-1990s robbed 22 Midwestern banks in an effort to finance a white supremacist revolution?
Who are now in prison?
Who is the idea to?
Who did she strike with a bat and the butt of a rifle?
What did Keenan testify at a hearing?
What did the guards say later, thought they were under armed attack by militant Jews at the time of the assault?
When are other members of the organization serving federal prison sentences?
Who explained that they were doing so because both were white?
What do lawyers for Butler maintain in that demonizing Jews is still legal under the First Amendment in response to the suit's accusation that he encourages violence?
What is Dees?
Where were Butler himself and 12 other white supremacist leaders acquitted at trial?
Who was a lawyer representing Butler, Teague and the Aryan Nations?
Who did the guards say later, they thought were under armed attack by militant Jews at the time of the assault?
Who argued, ``Wright, Yeager and Warfield were way out of bounds''?
What did Keenan testify at that when she turned around, her 1977 Datsun had backfired?
When did the guards say later, they thought they were under armed attack by militant Jews?
When did the center win a large verdict against Klan groups and members for an assault on peaceful civil rights marchers in Forsyth County on Jan. 17,1987?
What was Forsyth County?
Who did I think was going to die?
What did she say, so she turned her car around and drove back to look for it the wallet had been?
What were Butler a model for the Oklahoma City bomber Timothy J. McVeigh and 12 other white supremacist leaders acquitted at in Fort Smith?
Who did Shane Wright think heard a gunshot inside the compound?
Who said?
Who do she beg them to leave alone?
What did the group's office equipment go to?
What did Keenan say that he threw his Job Corps card out on a whim and, inadvertently, his wallet along with it?
What did Edgar J. Steele say as?''
Who said that her son had been in the Job Corps?
What was Ga.?
What did she say, so she turned her car around and drove back to look for it had been a gift from his grandfather?
What did Mathews die in a siege by in 1984?
Who have Butler and Edgar J. Steele's organization welcomed in the 27 years?
Where did he move from California?
What did the men explain?
Whose rear tire did a bullet flatten?
What was the Aryan Republican Army?
What did jury selection begin Monday morning in the Kootenai County Courthouse as members of a special police on?
What are witnesses expected to testify that as, Keenan and her son suffer from post-traumatic stress disorder?
When did Edgar J. Steele point out in court documents?
What did their pursuers run up to?
When were Butler himself and 12 other white supremacist leaders arrested on federal sedition charges?
What Keenan told screaming for her to pull over?
What is depression and anxiety?
Who was a black youth?
What awarded the victim's family $12. 5 million?
Who pointed out that on the night of the attack, the volunteer guards made no effort to notify Butler of their actions in court documents?
What did Shane Wright think he heard inside the compound?
Who have welcomed many white supremacists later convicted of violent crimes in the 27 years?
What were Butler a model for the Oklahoma City bomber Timothy J. McVeigh and 12 other white supremacist leaders acquitted at trial in?
What was the terrorist group?
When did Mathews die in a siege by the FBI?
What is her son?
Who did Keenan say struck her with a rifle butt, grabbed her by the hair and screamed at her?
Who killed Mulugeta Seraw?
What went to the NAACP?
Who told the police screaming for her to pull over?
Who is a founder of the Southern Poverty Law Center?
Who maintain in court documents that demonizing Jews is still legal under the First Amendment in response to the suit's accusation that Dees encourages violence?
When have Butler and his organization welcomed many white supremacists later convicted of violent crimes?
What do lawyers for Butler maintain in court documents that demonizing Jews is still legal under in response to the suit's accusation that he encourages violence?
Who are two of the security guards expected to be called as?
What did he and Jesse Warfield begin driving down?
Who formed a terrorist group known as the Order in 1983?
What were two Klansmen convicted of?
What did the guards say later, they thought were under armed attack by militant Jews at the time of the assault?
Who began driving down the compound's long driveway?
What are two of the security guards now in?
Who was an Ethiopian student?
What did Edgar J. Steele move to northern Idaho from?
What did the Keenans ' pursuers run up to?
Who fled?
What are witnesses expected to testify as?
What did I think?
Who was the Invisible Empire?
What did the guards say later, they thought they were under at the time of the assault?
Who were convicted of criminal charges?
What did her son quickly find?
What slid into a ditch?
Who told the authorities a gun ``was pointed at me''?
Who ran up to them?
What did Keenan tell a gun ``was pointed at me''?
Who is both white?
Who said, so she turned her car around and drove back to look for it the wallet had been a gift from his grandfather?
What says, ``It is still legal in this country to be a bigot''?
Who jumped into a pickup?
Who did the Keenans ' pursuers run up to?
Who does the level of violence throughout the American workplace note that part of the problem is that it has so many workers _ as?
Who dropped last year to the government's lowest level since the government began its annual national crime survey 26 years ago?
What is the study?
Who does it aim to strengthen?
What have the lobbyists come together in in a town where politics has become a very nasty business?
Who later found Morris S. Dees Jr.'s lawyer failed ``to investigate or interview punishment-phase witnesses''?
What will more than 500 former inmates who were beaten during the 1971 Attica prison uprising split $8 million as After an Uprising?
What were crime-prevention programs?
Who is the son of the late Commerce Secretary Ron Brown, as well as James Lake?
If political junkies watch the comings and goings of the private dining rooms carefully who might just be able to figure out the behind-the-scene machinations that make Washington tick?
Who is Unite &QL;?
What died in the uprising?
If political junkies watch the comings and goings of the private dining rooms carefully what might just be able to figure out the behind-the-scene machinations that make Washington tick?
What did he say because of?
What did Ford predict it would be reversed on?
What did the auto giant admit was aware of tire failures on Explorer sport utility vehicles in Venezuela as early as 1998?
What Will a Missile Defense Strategy That Have to Wait &QL; President Clinton left to his successor?
Who have their own watering hole?
What also seems intent on clearing the Postal Service's tainted name?
Who will split $8 million as part of a settlement with New York state After an Uprising?
What did Michael Brown say he would not do so himself because of?
What did Michael Brown say because of?
What dropped 8. 9 percent?
Where was the finding first reported Wednesday?
What admitted it was aware of tire failures on Explorer sport utility vehicles in Venezuela as early as 1998?
What does it practically guarantee nightly?
What did the auto giant admit of?
Who was a professor of computer science at Brandeis and one of the researchers, and sharply drop the cost?
What aims to strengthen moderates?
What has Dees won a series of civil right suits against the Ku Klux Klan and other racist organizations in?
What still has the largest Hispanic population _ 10. 4 million, up 36 percent in a decade?
What did 43 people die in?
Who is Michael Brown the son of?
What is linguistic history?
What is &QL; Temps?
Who were many of those pouring in to build or staff casinos and hotels?
What did the National Labor Relations Board open to forming such unions by ruling that they no longer needed the temp agency's permission to do so?
What punctuate a protracted legal battle stemming from the uprising?
Who does it note that part of the problem is that it has so as?
Who did he say would not do so himself because of test failures and diplomatic disputes?
Who did a federal magistrate later find failed ``to investigate or interview punishment-phase witnesses''?
What were more police on the street, tougher sentencing and a healthy economy?
What are retail workers?
Who does President Alberto K. Fujimori of Peru no doubt need all the friends can get After an election marred by charges of voter fraud?
What opened the door to forming such unions by ruling that they no longer needed the temp agency's permission to do so?
What does it offer?
What is the Caucus Room?
What range from $6,500 to $125,000?
Who does the level of violence throughout the American workplace note that part of the problem is as?
Who did the judge say intended to issue orders to recall and repair the vehicles?
What do three-year-olds know going postal means?
What has the plan also gained?
What did the National Labor Relations Board open the door to forming such unions by ruling?
Whose lawyer did a federal magistrate later find failed ``to investigate or interview punishment-phase witnesses''?
Who refuted the finding?
Who was Texas?
Who was Morris S. Dees Jr.'s lawyer?
What did crimes against property drop?
Who shot?
Who have created the first robotic system that can design and build other robots with almost no human help?
Who &QL; In an attempt to seize the compound of the Aryan Nations, Morris S. Dees Jr. went to court in Coeur d'Alene, Idaho?
Who is founder of the Southern Poverty Law Center?
What did Ford predict the finding would be reversed on?
What did the judge say?
Who ordered either a sentence reduction or new sentencing trial for Banks?
Who ruled?
When seems to be at the gambling table By one measure, at least?
Who have practiced political killings for almost three decades?
Who was David Folsom?
What did the Census Bureau estimate that jobs in Las Vegas lured so many people that Nevada grew in the 1990s?
Who predicted the finding would be reversed on appeal?
Who is James Lake?
What do the awards range from to $125,000?
What offers a variety of remedies?
What were not allowed to join unions unless the user company and temp agency agreed _ something that rarely happened?
Who was his lawyer?
What do the awards punctuate?
What did the rate of violent crime decline in 1999 while crimes against property dropped 8. 9 percent?
What has the French and Corsica A plan by Prime Minister Lionel Jospin of France to give limited self-rule to the island of Corsica caused turmoil in?
What did the Aryan Nations &ql; In an attempt to seize the compound of the Aryan Nations, Morris S. Dees Jr. went to?
How many people died in the uprising?
Who was Dr. Jordan B. Pollack?
What aims to end the violent campaign of separatists?
Who dropped last year to its lowest level since the government began its annual national crime survey 26 years ago?
What is Dees?
Who was a U. S. District judge in Texarkana?
What does the level of violence throughout the American workplace offer?
What have the lobbyists put aside in a town where politics has become a very nasty business?
What do three-year-olds know what going?
Who have come together in one of their few bipartisan efforts in a town where politics has become a very nasty business?
Who said?
What failed to intercept incoming missiles?
What was staunch opponents?
What did he say he would not do so himself because of?
What is top heavy with a who's who of lobbyocracy?
What was the nation's fastest-growing minority groups?
What did David Folsom endorse?
When was California?
Who did he say he would not do so because of test failures and diplomatic disputes?
What did analysts estimate the cost could run as high as?
What is awfully hard to call back?
What does the roster of the Caucus Room's 65 shareholders practically guarantee nightly?
What has also gained wide backing?
What is the list of investors top heavy with?
What has Dees won a series of in a campaign to drive them out of business?
What did Ford refute?
Who remained wary?
What did Law enforcement officials credit producing jobs?
What has the case been ever since in relations between Washington and Lima, but human rights officials remained wary?
What did Law enforcement officials credit crime-prevention programs producing?
Who know what going postal means?
Who said he intended to issue orders to recall and repair the vehicles?
What did William Safire discuss whether ``going postal'' meant ``losing it'' or ``not being online on Aprril 17,1994 in?
How many times as likely as postal workers to be victims of homicide at work are retail workers?
What practically guarantees a full house nightly?
What did the judge say because of?''
Who Will a Missile Defense Strategy That Have to Wait &QL; President Clinton left to the decision on whether to deploy a national missile defense system?
What did analysts estimate as?
What does the future of America seem to be at the gambling table By?
What did the government begin 26 years ago?
What has long been eager to unionize temp workers because they are such a fast-growing group?
What &QL; Not all Texas murder defendants get a decent courtroom defense?
Who does it note that part of the problem is as?
Who has won a series of civil right suits against the Ku Klux Klan and other racist organizations in a campaign to drive them out of business?
Who did an Oklahoma postal worker kill?
What is the myth?
What can lobbyists deduct as much of their visits as business expenses as possible _ 100 percent for?
What has Dees won in a campaign to drive them out of business?
When has the Aryan Nations compound been a base for white supremacists?
What did the Census Bureau estimate that jobs in Las Vegas lured that Nevada grew the fastest of any state in the 1990s?
Who offer a culinary venue that fairly sizzles with accommodation _ a steakhouse?
When did the Census Bureau estimate that jobs in Las Vegas lured so many people that Nevada grew the fastest of any state?
What does the future of America seem to be at By one measure, at least?
Who does it note that part of the problem is that it has so _ as a civilian employer?
What has the Aryan Nations compound been for more than 20 years?
What did the Census Bureau estimate that jobs in Las Vegas lured so many people that Nevada grew the fastest of in the 1990s?
What did two huge $100 million tests of the system fail to intercept?
What did the Aryan Nations &ql; In?
When were they off limits because they were not allowed to join unions unless the user company and temp agency agreed _ something that rarely happened?
What notes that part of the problem is that it has so many workers _ as a civilian employer?
What does officials fear than?
What is a deeply sensitive constitutional issue in France?
What can lobbyists deduct as much of as business expenses as possible _ 100 percent for a banquet, but only 50 percent for a regular meal?
What began its annual national crime survey 26 years ago?
What has caused turmoil in France's political class?
Who later found his lawyer failed ``to investigate or interview punishment-phase witnesses''?
What has been a base for white supremacists for more than 20 years?
What were Hispanics and Asians?
What did David Folsom order?
When did the auto giant admit it was aware of tire failures on Explorer sport utility vehicles in Venezuela as early?
What does California still have?
What was the first time that ``going postal'' appeared in The Times?
What is any degree of regional autonomy?
What do they have?
How many huge tests of the system failed to intercept incoming missiles?
Who did the president say had decided not to act after two huge $100 million tests of the system failed to intercept incoming missiles?
Who does the level of violence throughout the American workplace note that part of the problem is that it has so as?
When did Crime Continues to Decline Violent crime in the United States drop to its lowest level since the government began its annual national crime survey 26 years ago?
What was David Folsom?
Whose lawyer was a former district attorney?
Who was a Democrat?
What does the level of violence throughout the American workplace also seem?
What do the lobbyists offer a culinary venue that fairly sizzles with accommodation _?
Who have put aside their differences in a town where politics has become a very nasty business?
When did the Census Bureau estimate?
Who does it note that part of the problem is that it has so many workers _ as?
Who is Michael Brown?
What does it aim to end?
Who endorsed that finding?
Who said he would not do so himself because of test failures and diplomatic disputes?
What could that well explain?
Who can deduct as much of their visits as business expenses as possible _ 100 percent for a banquet, but only 50 percent for a regular meal?
Who said he had decided not to act after two huge $100 million tests of the system failed to intercept incoming missiles?
What did Ford predict would be reversed on appeal?
What does it also seem?
What is Dees founder of?
What were they off because they were not allowed to join unions unless the user company and temp agency agreed _ something that rarely happened for years?
What is why it has more private dining rooms than any other Washington restaurant?
What did the president say?
Who killed 14 co-workers?
Who does the level of violence throughout the American workplace note as?
Who was a former district attorney?
What did the judge say he intended to issue to recall and repair the vehicles?
When was the finding first reported in The Texarkana Gazette?
What was the finding first reported Wednesday in?
Who did Michael Brown say he would not do so because of test failures and diplomatic disputes?
What is sometimes multiple murder?
Who predicted it would be reversed on appeal?
What did the Aryan Nations &ql; In, Morris S. Dees Jr. went to court in Coeur d'Alene, Idaho?
Who needs all the friends he can get After an election marred by charges of voter fraud?
What is their own watering hole?
What will more than 500 former inmates who were beaten during the 1971 Attica prison uprising split as part of a settlement with New York state After an Uprising?
What will be rough?
Who was sent to death row in 1980?
What says?
Who fears that a new trial would be no fairer than the first?
Who was Russia and China?
Who does it aim to end the violent campaign of?
What did Crime Continues to Decline Violent crime in the United States drop last year to since the government began its annual national crime survey 26 years ago?
What can lobbyists deduct as business expenses as possible _ 100 percent for a banquet, but only 50 percent for a regular meal?
How many co-workers did an Oklahoma postal worker kill?
What did analysts estimate could run as high as $250 million?
What is violence and murder?
What does officials fear that a new trial would be no fairer than?
What is a serious one?
What did William Safire discuss on Aprril 17,1994 in his ``On Language'' column in The New York Times Magazine?
What do the awards range from $6,500 to?
What was first reported Wednesday in The Texarkana Gazette?
Who were off limits because they were not allowed to join unions unless the user company and temp agency agreed _ something that rarely happened for years?
When was it the first time?
What was the president?
What can lobbyists deduct as much of their visits as for a banquet, but only 50 percent for a regular meal?
What do the lobbyists offer a culinary venue?
What has long been eager to unionize temp workers because they often receive inferior pay and benefits?
What led Interior Minister Jean Pierre Chevenement to resign in protest?
When have separatists practiced political killings?
What did the auto giant admit it was aware of as early as 1998?
Who does President Alberto K. Fujimori of Peru no doubt need he can get After an election marred by charges of voter fraud?
When was it?
Who was Minority Leader Dick Gephardt?
Who credited crime-prevention programs producing jobs?
What have the lobbyists put aside their differences in?
Who were not allowed to join unions unless the user company and temp agency agreed _ something that rarely happened?
What is to win a large judgment that will force the group to surrender their compound in payment?
What does it offer a variety of?
What began last year's annual national crime survey 26 years ago?
What do just have?
Where have the lobbyists come together in one of their few bipartisan efforts?
What That Will Have to Wait &QL; President Clinton left to his successor the decision on whether to deploy a national missile defense system?
What estimated that jobs in Las Vegas lured so many people that Nevada grew the fastest of any state in the 1990s?
What does President Alberto K. Fujimori of Peru no doubt need all the friends he can get After?
What does President Alberto K. Fujimori of Peru no doubt need all the friends After an election marred by charges of voter fraud?
Who estimated the cost could run as high as $250 million?
When declined 10. 4 percent in 1999 while crimes against property dropped 8. 9 percent?
What is a bad rap?
What did Ford predict on?
What were off limits because they were not allowed to join unions unless the user company and temp agency agreed _ something that rarely happened for years?
What does the level of violence throughout the American workplace offer a variety of?
What have the lobbyists come together in one of their few bipartisan efforts in?
Who did the Aryan Nations &ql; In an attempt to seize the compound of the Aryan Nations, went to court in Coeur d'Alene, Idaho?
Who does it note as?
When did the Census Bureau estimate that jobs in Las Vegas lured so many people?
Who Will a Missile Defense Strategy That Have to Wait left to his successor the decision on whether to deploy a national missile defense system?
What was a tough week for Ford Motor Co.?
Who have thrown bombs?
What have the computer scientists at Brandeis University created?
What has been a thorn ever since in relations between Washington and Lima, but human rights officials remained wary?
Who are eight times as likely as postal workers to be victims of homicide at work?
What have separatists thrown?
When is the rest?
Who did Michael Brown say would not do so himself because of test failures and diplomatic disputes?
What did Clinton say to?
When was it that ``going postal'' appeared in The Times?
What have their own watering hole?
Where have the lobbyists put aside their differences?
When was Delma Banks Jr. sent to death row?
What do the French and Corsica A plan by Prime Minister Lionel Jospin of France to give limited self-rule to the island of Corsica lead to resign in protest?
What was Hispanics and Asians?
Who is the deputy campaign manager for the 1992 Bush campaign?
Who said many survivors ``remain casualties because of lingering physical problems and the inability to erase memories of Attica?''
Who was speaking at Georgetown University?
What was Delma Banks Jr. sent to in 1980?
What were anti-gun campaigns?
What do the lobbyists offer that fairly sizzles with accommodation _ a steakhouse?
What have separatists practiced for almost three decades?
What is just's own watering hole?
When did the rate of violent crime decline 10. 4 percent while crimes against property dropped 8. 9 percent?
Who does the level of violence throughout the American workplace note that part of the problem is that it has so _ as a civilian employer?
Who jumped in a pickup truck?
What were white?
Who then said that because drunken young men were white, the men would let them go?
Who hailed the jury's finding as a powerful message against racial intolerance and one that could force the group out of its 19-acre property?
Who was a founder of the center?
What did Yeager read from jail in which he expressed his allegiance to Butler under questioning?
Who chased the car?
Who scoffed at the verdict?
What did the findings prompt among the plaintiffs, a mother and son who were beaten and shot at in the attack, and their lawyers?
Who was 21?
What did he say ?
Who did Keenan say that she begged the men not to kill?
What were looking for a wallet that Keenan had accidentally dropped from their 1977 Datsun?
What will we spread?
Who did a guard then say that because they were white, the men would let go?
What did he say ``is nothing''?
How many imprisoned men did a point repeat by Steele were brought here for the trial?
Who shot at the car?
What did many civic leaders hope as?
What was Morris S. Dees Jr. a founder of?
How many guards jumped in a pickup truck?
What did many civic leaders hope that it might help to shed what they called North Idaho's distorted image as a haven for people with racist views?
What was the Southern Poverty Law Center?
Who said that one of the guards then asked her if she was Indian?
Who had been in the Job Corps?
Who did she testify that while she is part Cherokee, she told, ``No, I 'm a poor white farm girl?''
What did Morris S. Dees Jr. hail the jury's finding as?
What did Steele say the Aryan Nations property was not that Dees had portrayed it to be?
What was a nonprofit organization in Birmingham?
What was Morris S. Dees Jr.?
Who had thrown his Job Corps card out the window on a whim and, inadvertently, his wallet along with it?
What did Keenan say?
What should he not be held responsible for Butler's lawyer argued throughout the six-day trial that however offensive jurors might find the views of Butler?
What were delivered late Thursday afternoon in the Kootenai County Courthouse?
How many guards chased the car?
What did three guards chase?
What had he been in?
What did three guards pick up?
What should Edgar Steele not be held responsible for Butler's lawyer argued throughout the six-day trial that however offensive jurors might find the views of Butler?
What also represented the kind of message from the community that many civic leaders here had openly sought?
Who said, ``Next to Christ you are the greatest man to ever walk the face of this earth''?
How many guards picked up their guns?
What did a point repeat by Steele the two imprisoned men testified that they were responsible for?
What did Yeager read portions of a letter from in which he expressed his allegiance to Butler under questioning?
What has Birmingham successfully sued?
What was Birmingham?
Who did Keenan say grabbed her by the hair and screamed at her in tearful testimony?
What did Butler scoff at?
What was obtained by lawyers for the Southern Poverty Law Center?
Who are malcontents?
Who did Keenan say that one of the guards then asked if she was Indian?
What did a point repeat by Steele the two imprisoned men were brought here for?
What shot at the car?
Who were ordered to pay most of the $6. 3 million in damages by the nine-woman, three-man jury?
What did she and her son testify that they thought?
Who had fired at the Keenans?
Who shouted at them to stop their ``message'' of hate?
What did protesters shout at the defendants to stop?
What did John Yeager testify that he was too drunk that night to remember whether he or the other men had fired at the Keenans at?
Who are in prison?
What repeated by Steele the two imprisoned men testified that they were responsible for their actions?
Who did protesters shout at to stop their ``message'' of hate?
Who were they looking for a wallet from?
Who did Keenan say?
What did they shoot at?
Who did John Yeager testify at at the trial?
Who were white?
What did she testify?''
What did Yeager read portions of a letter from jail in which he expressed his allegiance to Butler under?
Who did Keenan say that she begged not to kill her son?
Who was 45?
Who said ``This is nothing''?
What had he thrown out the window on a whim and, inadvertently, his wallet along with it?
Who testified that while she is part Cherokee, she told the men, ``No, I 'm a poor white farm girl?''
Who testified that they thought they were going to be killed?
Who hoped that it might help the area to shed what they called North Idaho's distorted image as a haven for people with racist views?
Who said that she begged the men not to kill her son?
What did a guard then say?
What did a guard then say that because they were white, the men would let go?
When did John Yeager testify that he was too drunk to remember whether he or the other men had fired at the Keenans at the trial?
What did Steele say the Aryan Nations property was not the incubator of violence that Dees had portrayed to be?
Who shouted at the defendants to stop their ``message'' of hate?
How many guards were one of whom later told the police that he had thought the place was about to be attacked by militant Jews?
Who said the Aryan Nations property was not the incubator of violence that Dees had portrayed it to be?
What did three guards jump in?
What is Shane Wright?
What did Keenan tell after the incident?
What did a point repeat by Steele the two imprisoned men testified for?
What did protesters shout at to stop their ``message'' of hate?
What was Ala.?
How many imprisoned men did a point repeat by Steele testified that they were responsible for their actions?
Where were the findings delivered late Thursday afternoon?
Who compared himself to figures in the Bible and to signers of the Declaration of Independence who were harassed for their views?
Who did the findings prompt tearful hugs among?
What had he thrown his Job Corps card out along with it?
What did Yeager read portions of from jail in which he expressed his allegiance to Butler under questioning?
What did Keenan say by in tearful testimony?
What was announced?
What did the defendants respond defiantly outside?
Who is the third guard?
What did she and her son testify?
Who then said that because they were white, the men would let them go?
Who remained a fugitive?
What were the findings delivered late Thursday afternoon in?
Who was Richard Girnt Butler, the 82-year-old self-described pastor of the Aryan Nations compound, and his deputy?
What was Jesse Warfield?
Who is 23?
What did he say ``This is''?
What were they looking for that Keenan had accidentally dropped from their 1977 Datsun?
Who is Shane Wright?
What did protesters shout at them to stop?
What were three guards?
Who did she and her son testify that they thought were going to be killed?
What did Steele say?
What repeated by Steele the two imprisoned men were brought here for the trial?
Who are borderline derelicts?
What was John Yeager?
Who have pleaded guilty to criminal assault?
Who was Michael Teague?
Who testified that he was too drunk that night to remember whether he or the other men had fired at the Keenans at the trial?
What did Steele say the Aryan Nations property was not the incubator of violence?
Who did a point repeat by Steele testified that they were responsible for their actions?
What prompted tearful hugs among the plaintiffs, a mother and son who were beaten and shot at in the attack, and their lawyers?
Who was the trial?
Who told the police after the incident?
What did the multimillion-dollar award also represent?
What did Steele say was not the incubator of violence that Dees had portrayed it to be?
Who did the third guard remain?
What has successfully sued the Ku Klux Klan and other racist organizations?
What did the multimillion-dollar award also represent the kind of that many civic leaders here had openly sought?
What did protesters shout at the defendants to stop their ``message'' of?
Who were attacked after stopping their car near the entrance to the 19-acre Aryan Nations property near Hayden Lake on their way home from a wedding?
Who was the verdict obtained by?
What did she and her son testify that they thought were going to be killed?
What did Morris S. Dees Jr. hail as a powerful message against racial intolerance and one that could force the group out of its 19-acre property?
Who did a point repeat by the two imprisoned men testified that they were responsible for their actions?
Who were one of whom later told the police that he had thought the place was about to be attacked by militant Jews?
What did Steele say the Aryan Nations property was not the incubator of that Dees had portrayed it to be?
Who were they looking for a wallet that Keenan had accidentally dropped from?
Who said one guard grabbed her by the hair and screamed at her in tearful testimony?
What are Yeager and Warfield in?
What did Keenan say one guard grabbed her by the hair and screamed at her in?
Who had drunken young men fired at?
Who did a guard then say that because drunken young men were white, the men would let go?
What did protesters shout at them to stop their ``message'' of?
Who did Butler compare to figures in the Bible and to signers of the Declaration of Independence who were harassed for their views?
What did many civic leaders hope that it might help the area to shed as?
Who had he or the other men fired at?
What was another security guard?
What will the defendants spread?
Who did a point repeat by the two imprisoned men were brought here for the trial?
Who picked up their guns?
What have Yeager and Warfield pleaded guilty to?
Who read portions of a letter from jail in which he expressed his allegiance to Butler under questioning?
Who said, ``The message does not take a lot of money''?
What did a guard then say that because drunken young men were white, the men would let go?
Who is part Cherokee?
Who were looking for a wallet that Keenan had accidentally dropped from their 1977 Datsun?
Who will spread the message?
When were the findings delivered in the Kootenai County Courthouse?
What started?
Who did a point repeat by Steele were brought here for the trial?
What did Keenan tell the police after?
Who responded defiantly outside the courthouse?
Who jumped in a pickup truck?
What found that Butler and the Aryan Nations were liable for $4. 8 million?
What were white?
Who then said that because drunken young men were white, the men would let them go?
Who hailed the jury's finding as a powerful message against racial intolerance and one that could force the group out of its 19-acre property?
Who was a founder of the center?
What did Yeager read from jail in which he expressed his allegiance to Butler under questioning?
Who chased the car?
Who scoffed at the verdict?
What did the findings prompt among the plaintiffs, a mother and son who were beaten and shot at in the attack, and their lawyers?
Who was 21?
What did he say ?
Who did Keenan say that she begged the men not to kill?
What were looking for a wallet that Keenan had accidentally dropped from their 1977 Datsun?
What will we spread?
Who did a guard then say that because they were white, the men would let go?
What did he say ``is nothing''?
How many imprisoned men did a point repeat by Steele were brought here for the trial?
Who shot at the car?
What did many civic leaders hope as?
What was Morris S. Dees Jr. a founder of?
How many guards jumped in a pickup truck?
What did many civic leaders hope that it might help to shed what they called North Idaho's distorted image as a haven for people with racist views?
What was the Southern Poverty Law Center?
Who said an appeal was planned?
Who said that one of the guards then asked her if she was Indian?
Who had been in the Job Corps?
Who did she testify that while she is part Cherokee, she told, ``No, I 'm a poor white farm girl?''
What did Morris S. Dees Jr. hail the jury's finding as?
What did Steele say the Aryan Nations property was not that Dees had portrayed it to be?
What was a nonprofit organization in Birmingham?
What was Morris S. Dees Jr.?
Who had thrown his Job Corps card out the window on a whim and, inadvertently, his wallet along with it?
What did Keenan say?
What should he not be held responsible for Butler's lawyer argued throughout the six-day trial that however offensive jurors might find the views of Butler?
What were delivered late Thursday afternoon in the Kootenai County Courthouse?
How many guards chased the car?
What did three guards chase?
What had he been in?
What did three guards pick up?
What also represented the kind of message from the community that many civic leaders here had openly sought?
How many guards picked up their guns?
Who said, ``Next to Christ you are the greatest man to ever walk the face of this earth''?
What did a point repeat by Steele the two imprisoned men testified that they were responsible for?
What did Yeager read portions of a letter from in which he expressed his allegiance to Butler under questioning?
What has Birmingham successfully sued?
What was Birmingham?
Who did Keenan say grabbed her by the hair and screamed at her in tearful testimony?
What did a lawyer for the group say?
What did Butler scoff at?
What was obtained by lawyers for the Southern Poverty Law Center?
Who are malcontents?
Who did Keenan say that one of the guards then asked if she was Indian?
What did a point repeat by Steele the two imprisoned men were brought here for?
What shot at the car?
Who was lia- ble for $600,000?
Who were ordered to pay most of the $6. 3 million in damages by the nine-woman, three-man jury?
What did she and her son testify that they thought?
Who had fired at the Keenans?
Who shouted at them to stop their ``message'' of hate?
What did protesters shout at the defendants to stop?
What did John Yeager testify that he was too drunk that night to remember whether he or the other men had fired at the Keenans at?
Who are in prison?
What repeated by Steele the two imprisoned men testified that they were responsible for their actions?
Who did protesters shout at to stop their ``message'' of hate?
Who were they looking for a wallet from?
Who did Keenan say?
What did they shoot at?
Who did John Yeager testify at at the trial?
What were the guards liable for?
Who were white?
What did she testify?''
What did Yeager read portions of a letter from jail in which he expressed his allegiance to Butler under?
What did the jury find that Butler and the Aryan Nations were liable for?
Who did Keenan say that she begged not to kill her son?
Who was 45?
Who said ``This is nothing''?
What had he thrown out the window on a whim and, inadvertently, his wallet along with it?
Who testified that while she is part Cherokee, she told the men, ``No, I 'm a poor white farm girl?''
Who testified that they thought they were going to be killed?
Who hoped that it might help the area to shed what they called North Idaho's distorted image as a haven for people with racist views?
Who said that she begged the men not to kill her son?
What did a guard then say?
What did a guard then say that because they were white, the men would let go?
What raised questions about whether Butler and a lawyer for the group's followers would pay anything close to the full amount if the award is upheld?
What have Butler and his followers's numbers been described by as dwindling?
When did John Yeager testify that he was too drunk to remember whether he or the other men had fired at the Keenans at the trial?
What did Steele say the Aryan Nations property was not the incubator of violence that Dees had portrayed to be?
Who shouted at the defendants to stop their ``message'' of hate?
What mained unclear?
How many guards were one of whom later told the police that he had thought the place was about to be attacked by militant Jews?
Who said the Aryan Nations property was not the incubator of violence that Dees had portrayed it to be?
What did three guards jump in?
What is Shane Wright?
What did a lawyer for the group say was planned?
What did Keenan tell after the incident?
What did a point repeat by Steele the two imprisoned men testified for?
What did protesters shout at to stop their ``message'' of hate?
Who said at a news conference after the verdict was announced, ``We intend to take every single asset from the Aryan Nations now and forever''?
What was Ala.?
What did Dees say at after the verdict was announced, ``the defendants intend to take every single asset from the Aryan Nations now and forever''?
How many imprisoned men did a point repeat by Steele testified that they were responsible for their actions?
Where were the findings delivered late Thursday afternoon?
Who compared himself to figures in the Bible and to signers of the Declaration of Independence who were harassed for their views?
Who did the findings prompt tearful hugs among?
What did Dees say at after the verdict was announced, ``We intend to take every single asset from the Aryan Nations now and forever''?
What had he thrown his Job Corps card out along with it?
What did Yeager read portions of from jail in which he expressed his allegiance to Butler under questioning?
What did Keenan say by in tearful testimony?
What was announced?
What did the defendants respond defiantly outside?
Who is the third guard?
What did the guards shoot at?
What did the extent of group's assets re- raise?
What did she and her son testify?
Who then said that because they were white, the men would let them go?
Who remained a fugitive?
What were the findings delivered late Thursday afternoon in?
Who was Richard Girnt Butler, the 82-year-old self-described pastor of the Aryan Nations compound, and his deputy?
What was Jesse Warfield?
Who is 23?
What did he say ``This is''?
What were they looking for that Keenan had accidentally dropped from their 1977 Datsun?
Who is Shane Wright?
What did protesters shout at them to stop?
What were three guards?
Who did she and her son testify that they thought were going to be killed?
What did Steele say?
What repeated by Steele the two imprisoned men were brought here for the trial?
Who are borderline derelicts?
What was John Yeager?
Whose numbers have been described by the local authorities as dwindling?
Who have pleaded guilty to criminal assault?
Who was Michael Teague?
Who testified that he was too drunk that night to remember whether he or the other men had fired at the Keenans at the trial?
What did Steele say the Aryan Nations property was not the incubator of violence?
What raised questions about whether Butler and his followers would pay anything close to the full amount if the award is upheld?
Who did a point repeat by Steele testified that they were responsible for their actions?
What prompted tearful hugs among the plaintiffs, a mother and son who were beaten and shot at in the attack, and their lawyers?
What was Teague?
Who was the trial?
Who were liable for most of the remaining amount?
Who told the police after the incident?
What did the jury find for?
What did the multimillion-dollar award also represent?
What did Steele say was not the incubator of violence that Dees had portrayed it to be?
Who did the third guard remain?
What has successfully sued the Ku Klux Klan and other racist organizations?
What did the multimillion-dollar award also represent the kind of that many civic leaders here had openly sought?
What did protesters shout at the defendants to stop their ``message'' of?
Who were attacked after stopping their car near the entrance to the 19-acre Aryan Nations property near Hayden Lake on their way home from a wedding?
Who was the verdict obtained by?
What did she and her son testify that they thought were going to be killed?
What did Morris S. Dees Jr. hail as a powerful message against racial intolerance and one that could force the group out of its 19-acre property?
Who did a point repeat by the two imprisoned men testified that they were responsible for their actions?
Who were one of whom later told the police that he had thought the place was about to be attacked by militant Jews?
What did Steele say the Aryan Nations property was not the incubator of that Dees had portrayed it to be?
Who were they looking for a wallet that Keenan had accidentally dropped from?
Who said at a news conference after the verdict was announced, ``the defendants intend to take every single asset from the Aryan Nations now and forever''?
Who said one guard grabbed her by the hair and screamed at her in tearful testimony?
What are Yeager and Warfield in?
What did Keenan say one guard grabbed her by the hair and screamed at her in?
Who had drunken young men fired at?
Who did a guard then say that because drunken young men were white, the men would let go?
What did protesters shout at them to stop their ``message'' of?
Who did Butler compare to figures in the Bible and to signers of the Declaration of Independence who were harassed for their views?
What did many civic leaders hope that it might help the area to shed as?
Who had he or the other men fired at?
What was another security guard?
What will the defendants spread?
Who did a point repeat by the two imprisoned men were brought here for the trial?
Who picked up their guns?
What have Yeager and Warfield pleaded guilty to?
Who read portions of a letter from jail in which he expressed his allegiance to Butler under questioning?
Who said, ``The message does not take a lot of money''?
What have been described by the local authorities as dwindling?
What did a guard then say that because drunken young men were white, the men would let go?
Who is part Cherokee?
Who were looking for a wallet that Keenan had accidentally dropped from their 1977 Datsun?
Who will spread the message?
What have Butler and a lawyer for the group's followers's numbers been described by as dwindling?
When were the findings delivered in the Kootenai County Courthouse?
What started?
Who did a point repeat by Steele were brought here for the trial?
What did Keenan tell the police after?
Who responded defiantly outside the courthouse?
What do the Christian Identity movement's followers cite the Bible as?
What has the Southern Poverty Law Center been tracking across the United States?
What did it say there are?
What did the Associated Press report the research group based in Mongomery said hate groups and their chapters engaged in some form of racist behavior in 1997?
When did the report say one chapter of the Ku Klux Klan expanded from one to 12 chapters?
What did the report say expanded from one to 12 chapters last year?
How many Web sites that advocate racial hatred did a report released Tuesday say there are?
How many Web sites that advocate racial hatred did it say there are?
When was WASHINGTON?
What was the Ku Klux Klan?
What did a report released Tuesday say?
What did a report released Tuesday say there are?
What used a different methodology to count the groups so previous numbers cannot be directly compared?
What did the report say in?
What has been tracking hate crimes and the spread of racist organizations across the United States?
If the old methodology had been used what would the latest figures represent?
When did the Southern Poverty Law Center say in a report released Tuesday WASHINGTON-- The number of organized hate groups in the United States grew?
What reported the research group based in Mongomery said 474 hate groups and their chapters engaged in some form of racist behavior in 1997?
What was March 3?
If the old methodology had been used who would represent a 20 percent increase from 1996?
What has it been tracking hate crimes and the spread of racist organizations across?
What did the Associated Press report said 474 hate groups and their chapters engaged in some form of racist behavior in 1997?
What did the report say from?
Where did the report say that racist and neo-Nazi Skinheads made a violent comeback?
What did the Associated Press report the research group based in Mongomery said 474 hate?
What did the report say one chapter of the Ku Klux Klan expanded from to 12 chapters last year?
What come from a growth in the number of chapters of groups like the Ku Klux Klan and churches belonging to the Christian Identity movement?
Where did the report say?
What did the center use a different methodology to count so previous numbers cannot be directly compared?
What said the growth in hate groups has been fueled by the Internet and rock music touting white power?
What do the Christian Identity movement's followers cite as the source for organized hate groups in the United States's racist views?
What was founded in the 1970s to battle racial bias?
What did the report say has been fueled by the Internet and rock music advocating violence against minorities?
What said that racist and neo-Nazi Skinheads made a violent comeback in Denver, Los Angeles and the Pacific Northwest?
What did the report say that racist and neo-Nazi Skinheads made in Denver, Los Angeles and the Pacific Northwest?
What did the report say the growth in hate groups has been fueled by advocating violence against minorities?
What said in a report released Tuesday WASHINGTON-- The number of organized hate groups in the United States grew last year?
Who cite the Bible as the source for organized hate groups in the United States's racist views?
What did the Southern Poverty Law Center say in WASHINGTON-- The number of organized hate groups in the United States grew last year?
What won major legal fights against the Ku Klux Klan and other white supremacist groups?
What did the Southern Poverty Law Center say in a report released Tuesday grew last year?
Who cite the Bible as the source for their racist views?
What said there are 163 Web sites that advocate racial hatred?
What has the Southern Poverty Law Center been tracking hate crimes and the spread of racist organizations across?
What did the report say one chapter of the Ku Klux Klan expanded from one to last year?
What did the report say has been fueled by the Internet and rock music touting white power?
What did the report say that racist and neo-Nazi Skinheads made a violent comeback in?
What do most of the newer groups come from?
What do the Christian Identity movement's followers cite as the source for their racist views?
What did the Southern Poverty Law Center win?
What did it say?
What did the Associated Press report the research group based in Mongomery said?
What said the growth in hate groups has been fueled by the Internet and rock music advocating violence against minorities?
What cannot be directly compared?
What has it been tracking across the United States?
What did the report say the growth in hate groups has been fueled by touting white power?
What was the American Knights?
When was the Southern Poverty Law Center founded to battle racial bias?
What did the center use to count the groups so previous numbers cannot be directly compared?
What said one chapter of the Ku Klux Klan expanded from one to 12 chapters last year?
