Who was the principal of Bethune Elementary School in Pontiac?
What was-- Veteran musician John Mellencamp on for a ceremony designed to help rookies start playing?
Who announced the donation of $75,000 worth of musical instruments to three Detroit schools before a Wednesday night concert?
What was Pontiac one of?
What did Mellencamp and officials with the Save the Music Foundation announce the donation of to three Detroit schools before a Wednesday night concert?
What was-- Veteran musician John Mellencamp on hand for?
What did Mellencamp and officials with the Save the Music Foundation announce the donation of $75,000 worth of musical instruments to three Detroit schools before?
Who-- was on hand for a ceremony designed to help rookies start playing?
What was Pontiac?
What is dedicated to restoring music programs in schools nationwide?
What was Charles Moody?
What did Mellencamp and officials with the Save the Music Foundation announce the donation of $75,000 worth of musical instruments to before a Wednesday night concert?
Who was one of the three schools?
Who said, ``I 'm very excited about it''?
What did Mellencamp and officials with the Save the Music Foundation announce to three Detroit schools before a Wednesday night concert?
What is dedicated to raising public awareness about the importance of music education?
What was Charles Moody the principal of?
What did Bonnie Elliott say in addition to large class sizes, there is a lack of?
What did Marcy Matsuo say she spends?
What did property tax limits passed by voters during the 1990s largely leave in charge of funding schools?
Who averaged $39,347 in the 1997-98 school year?
When has Bonnie Elliott taught?
What was activist Don McIntire?
Who did the chief sponsor of one property tax limit measure passed in 1990 say are crying wolf?
What is with the nation's fastest-growing economy and highest SAT scores?
What are compared with 30 percent before the tax limits?
What have overflowing classes, outdated textbooks, insufficient supplies and cuts in arts and sports?
What did Marcy Matsuo say?
What said school administrators who complain about tough times are crying wolf?
Where do cellos and basses gather dust?
Who said, ``activist Don McIntire do not like to constantly be begging parents for money''?
What did McIntire say have boosted the average Oregon teacher's salary to $42,300?
What did the problem evolved over the past decade as voters slash property taxes at the same time?
What do teachers say Oregon's cumulative average SAT score of 1,056 is deceptive because it reflects?
Where is Lincoln High School?
Who has three boys attending Astor Elementary in Astoria?
What did McIntire say raises have boosted the average Oregon teacher's salary to?
What did McIntire say raises have boosted to $42,300?
What did property tax limits passed by voters during the 1990s largely leave the state in?
What did Superintendent Jim Robinson say the Lebanon School District has boarded up because there's no money for repairs?
Who said raises have boosted the average Oregon teacher's salary to $42,300?
What was Oregon 13th on?
What does the state school boards association say have increased from about 23 students to the 25- to 27-student range?
What did Bonnie Elliott say in addition to large class sizes, there is?
What did Bonnie Elliott say in, there is a lack of up-to-date teaching materials?
What is not coming from belt-tightening?
Who said in addition to large class sizes, there is a lack of up-to-date teaching materials?
Who did Superintendent Jim Robinson say classes are held in?
What are local schools ' costs compared with?
What did Marcy Matsuo say she spends $1,000 a year of?
Who said, ``There are so many students that the teachers discourage people from writing papers''?
What does the state now pay?
What does Oregon's cumulative average SAT score of 1,056 reflect?
What has Gov. John Kitzhaber been pushing for?
What is this not the kind of we want our kids to learn in?
Who does Margaret Johnson have?
What was perks and pensions?
What are getting fatter faster than there can punch new holes in the belt?
Who say Oregon's cumulative average SAT score of 1,056 is deceptive because it reflects what today's older students learned years ago?
Who 'ves got kids trying to learn algebra in classes of 40 students?
What now pays about 80 percent of local schools ' costs?
What did the problem evolved over the past decade as voters slash at the same time academic standards were being toughened?
What is this not?
What has cut all music programs?
What is-- Oregon hardly?
What largely left the state in charge of funding schools?
Who said classes are held in trailers?
Who do you 've got?
How many boys attending Astor Elementary in Astoria does Margaret Johnson have?
What has not kept up with inflation?
What do many schools have?
What has per-student spending not kept up with?
What did Margaret Johnson say through?
What did Superintendent Jim Robinson say has boarded up one school because there's no money for repairs?
What did Graduating senior Paul Susi say, ``There are so many students''?
What is not the kind of system we want our kids to learn in?
Who was the chief sponsor of one property tax limit measure passed in 1990?
What did McIntire say to?
What slashed property taxes at the same time academic standards were being toughened?
What ranked first?
What is Oregon with?
Who did Margaret Johnson say Max struggled through first grade because there were 31 children in his class?
What do teachers say is deceptive because it reflects what today's older students learned years ago?
Who said, ``Eighty-five percent of the cost of schools is pay''?
What did all teachers average?
What gather dust in a corner of a music room that is now a humanities classroom?
What did the chief sponsor of one property tax limit measure passed in 1990 say school administrators who complain about tough times are crying?
What was pay?
What has Lincoln High School cut?
Who said her son Max struggled through first grade because there were 31 children in his class?
What does it reflect?
What did the chief sponsor of one property tax limit measure passed in 1990 say?
What did Superintendent Jim Robinson say are held in trailers?
What says class sizes have increased from about 23 students to the 25- to 27-student range?
What do cellos and basses gather in a corner of a music room that is now a humanities classroom?
What reflects what today's older students learned years ago?
Whose salary did McIntire say to?
What do cellos and basses gather dust in?
What do teachers say?
What is on the edge of Portland's downtown?
Who has been pushing for a major boost in school funding?
Who has taught for 30 years in the Bend-LaPine School District?
What are getting fatter faster than we can punch new holes in the belt?
Who said she spends $1,000 a year of her own money to buy books and other supplies for her elementary classes at Portland's Smith School?
What does the state school boards association say class sizes have increased from about 23 students to- to 27-student range?
Who said, ``I do not like to constantly be begging parents for money''?
What-- is hardly a place where you would expect a school funding crisis?
What is Lincoln High School on?
What did Margaret Johnson say her son Max struggled through because there were 31 children in his class?
Who said, ``There was just too much distraction in that classroom to allow him to focus all day''?
Who said, ``Economically this country is at the peak of its game''?
What has increased?
What is the squeeze not coming from?
What does the state school boards association say class sizes have increased from about 23 students to the 25- to?
What did the problem evolved over the past decade as voters slash property taxes at academic standards were being toughened?
What was 13th on that list?
What does the state now pay about 80 percent of?
What are School budgets getting faster than we can punch new holes in the belt?
What are School budgets getting faster than there can punch new holes in the belt?
What are becoming more crowded?
Who said, ``There was just too much distraction in that classroom to allow son to focus all day''?
What did the problem evolved over the past decade as voters slash property taxes at the same time were being toughened?
Who did Marcy Matsuo say spends $1,000 a year of her own money to buy books and other supplies for her elementary classes at Portland's Smith School?
Who does the state school boards association say from?
Who does the state school boards association say class sizes have increased from to the 25- to 27-student range?
Whose salary did McIntire say raises have boosted to $42,300?
Who said the Lebanon School District has boarded up one school because there's no money for repairs?
What was zoning in historic areas and arts curriculum?
What is about?
Who is the $4. 7 billion Pew foundation started by?
What does the $4. 7 billion Pew foundation say it plans to establish on all aspects of cultural life?
What did Stephen K. Urice say is to give money to support arts financing for public schools?
What will Pew collaborate with museums and other arts to build their cultural programs?
Who said the goal of Pew Charitable Trust is to give money to support arts financing for public schools?
Who will direct the Pew initiative?
What does PHILADELPHIA-- A philanthropic foundation want to reassert in the United States by spending $50 million over the next five years to arts causes?
What does the $4. 7 billion Pew foundation say on?
What wants to reassert the value of the arts and culture in the United States by spending $50 million over the next five years to arts causes?
What intends to push greater media coverage?
What will collaborate with museums and other arts institutions to build their cultural programs?
Who said, ``What this is about is the long-term health of American creativity and the sustainability of American arts and culture''?
What will Pew collaborate with institutions to build their cultural programs?
What will Pew collaborate with museums and other arts institutions to build?
What says it plans to establish a centralized information center for reliable data on all aspects of cultural life?
What is started by the family owners of the Sun Oil Co.?
What was arts financing?
What does the $4. 7 billion Pew foundation say plans to establish a centralized information center for reliable data on all aspects of cultural life?
What does the $4. 7 billion Pew foundation say it plans to establish a centralized information center for reliable data on?
What will Stephen K. Urice direct?
What will Pew collaborate with museums and other arts?
What does a philanthropic foundation intend to push?
What does it intend to push?
What approved the guidelines in March?
When did the University of California regents approve the guidelines?
Who will be required to have an extra year of high school laboratory science and another of social science under the new requirements?
What are from California or outside the state?
When did CSU's governing board unanimously approve the new plan?
What will the new requirements begin with?
What will begin with this year's crop of high school freshmen?
Who are from California or outside the state?
What-- have agreed to require the same high school course work for admission?
Who do the standards apply to?
What have different mandates?
What often has forced students to choose which standards to satisfy or has made them take extra courses to meet both?
What apply to all students who apply?
When will UC require?
What unanimously approved the new plan on Wednesday?
What have the systems also had?
What consider only the top one-eighth of the state's high school seniors?
What did CSU's governing board unanimously approve on Wednesday?
What takes the top one-third?
How many public university systems in the nation's most populous state-- have agreed to require the same high school course work for admission?
What do the more prestigious University of California schools consider only?
What will incoming CSU freshmen be required to have an extra year of high school laboratory science and another of social science under?
What will UC require a year of?
What will require a year of art, dance or music classes?
How many systems have different mandates?
What does California State University take?
Who do the more prestigious University of California schools consider only the top one-eighth of?
When is lab science?
Who has that often forced to choose which standards to satisfy or has made them take extra courses to meet both?
What has that often forced students to choose?
What is two years of foreign language?
What did the University of California regents approve in March?
What is lab science two years of?
What do the two systems have?
How many years of foreign language is lab science?
What also have had slightly different class requirements for admission?
What do students progress through?
What was music compared with?
Who wrote, ``Students at grade 10 were asked if it was OK to make a racist remark''?
What does more than twice as many's not?
What do fewer than 3 percent of seniors take out-of-school classes in?
Who was the influence of music far more pronounced among?
What tracked more than 25,000 students for more than 10 years?
What was this study included in ``Champions of Change-- The Impact of the Arts'' on Learning?
What was Edward B. Fiske former education editor of?
What are more than half of the ``high-involvement'' seniors found in?
Whose income was occupations and levels of education?
Who did the study track for more than 10 years?
What was art or dance compared with?
What had excellent reading skills?
What did more than twice as many excel in of the musically oriented group?
What were standardized tests compared with?
What may be that high schools offer fewer programs than middle schools or that kids are more concerned with academics or admissions to college?
What were compared with fewer than 43 percent of the ``low-involvement'' seniors?
What did Catterall say it's?
When want to be in the high school band or drama club?
What did the study also indicate study affected students ' racial attitudes?
Who scored high in math?
What was compared with more than 11 percent of sophomores?
What did only 15. 5 percent achieve among the lower-income students without music involvement?
How many students did the study track for more than 10 years?
Who contributed to this story?
What did Catterall say more than twice as many's a matter of?
What may it improve?
What was this study one of seven included in ``Champions of Change-- The Impact of the Arts'' on?
What does it's not a matter of?
What did Catterall say more than twice as many's?
What did the study find that students who reported consistently high levels of involvement with instrumental music scored significantly higher on by the 12th grade?
What did 38. 6 percent of higher-income students who were uninvolved in music score high in?
What did the study find that students who reported consistently high levels of involvement with instrumental music scored significantly higher on math tests by?
What found that students who reported consistently high levels of involvement with instrumental music scored significantly higher on math tests by the 12th grade?
What is music?
What does more than twice as many's not a matter of?
What was occupations and levels of education?
Who tend to be more involved in the arts?
What did Catterall note?
What do kids who are more advantaged tend to be more involved in?
What was sponsored by the GE Fund and the John D. and Catherine T. MacArthur Foundation?
What did------ Associated Press Writer David Ho contribute to?
What did more than twice as many excel in math of?
What declines?
What are found in top levels on standardized tests?
Who take out-of-school classes in music?
What was the project sponsored by?
What did the study also indicate?
What achieved high math scores among the lower-income students without music involvement?
Who progress through high school?
What received the high marks?
What was Los Angeles?
What did Catterall say in?
What did Catterall say's a matter of something happening with the arts for the kids?
Who said in an interview?
What do fewer than 3 percent of seniors take in music?
What do your teen-agers want to be in?
What also indicated arts study affected students ' racial attitudes?
What did the study also indicate arts study affected?
Who did this observation held true for students regardless of the arts's parents ' income say?
Who said more than twice as many's a matter of something happening with the arts for the kids?
Who noted that the work supports strong suggestions, but is not definitive?
What was California?
What was their parents ' income occupations and levels of?
What said James S. Catterall, the lead author and an education professor at the University of California?
Who did only 15. 5 percent achieve high math scores among?
What did 20 percent more of those active in drama have?
What was one of seven included in ``Champions of Change-- The Impact of the Arts'' on Learning?
Who was Edward B. Fiske?
What does it's not?
What were the 12th graders involved in plays compared to?
What did Catterall say it's a matter of?
What may improve their grades?
Who did this observation held true for students regardless of their parents ' income say?
Who was former education editor of The New York Times?
What was far more pronounced among lower-income students?
What also found that as students progress through high school they are less likely to be involved in the arts?
Whose racial attitudes did the study also indicate?
What is art or dance?
What did the study also find through?
What did 48 percent of those highly interested in music receive?
What did the study find on?
What was the arts's parents ' income occupations and levels of?
What was this study one of included in ``Champions of Change-- The Impact of the Arts'' on Learning?
What's not a matter of economic advantage?
Who said, ``There's a clear trend''?
Who were compared to their uninvolved counterparts?
What was the arts's parents ' income?
What was their parents ' income?
Who said it's a matter of something happening with the arts for the kids?
What excelled in math of the musically oriented group?
When did the study track more than 25,000 students?
Whose racial attitudes did the study also indicate arts study affected?
Who did the president say volunteered to get involved when he heard about the VH1 program?
What did Clinton say we know?
What do only 25 percent of American schools offer music programs as by some estimates?
What did he continue going back into because of what VH1 has done?
What 'll I be glad to do?
When did the president speak in tandem with the Save the Music fund-raising drive by music channel VH1 to preserve music programs in schools across America?
What did the president speak on NBC's Today show in tandem with the Save the Music fund-raising drive by to preserve music programs in schools across America?
When did President Clinton say that it was tragic that school music programs frequently are the easiest target when budget-minded administrators have to cut education costs?
What did President Clinton say was important that parents raise their voices and demand music programs for their children?
What did he say it was important that parents raise?
What is the president?
Who did the president say 've been very disturbed about the problem?
What did he speak on NBC's Today show in tandem with the Save the Music fund-raising drive by music channel VH1 to preserve in schools across America?
Who is a saxophone player who played in his high school band?
What did the president speak on NBC's Today show in tandem with the Save drive by music channel VH1 to preserve music programs in schools across America?
What was President Clinton to speak at an evening fund raiser for Rep. Edolphus Towns in as part of his New York visit?
What did he speak on NBC's Today show in tandem with the Save the Music fund-raising drive by music channel VH1 to preserve music programs in across America?
Who said the federal government should do more to ease the financial strain on schools by providing more money to hire new teachers and build more classrooms?
What did Clinton say the federal government should do more to ease by providing more money to hire new teachers and build more classrooms?
Who 'll be glad to do whatever I can to help?
When did he speak in tandem with the Save the Music fund-raising drive by music channel VH1 to preserve music programs in schools across America?
What was tragic?
Who spoke on NBC's Today show in tandem with the Save the Music fund-raising drive by music channel VH1 to preserve music programs in schools across America?
What did President Clinton say the federal government was important?
What did Clinton say?
What was the president visiting to underscore the need for new school construction and repairs?
What did he say was important that parents raise their voices and demand music programs for their children?
Who continued going back into these programs because of what VH1 has done?
What did Clinton say should do more to ease the financial strain on schools by providing more money to hire new teachers and build more classrooms?
What did President Clinton say Friday that was tragic that school music programs frequently are the easiest target when budget-minded administrators have to cut education costs?
What have they tended to drop over the last 20 years?
What did he speak on NBC's Today show in tandem with the Save drive by music channel VH1 to preserve music programs in schools across America?
Who said one of the things that really happened is a lot of folks just took the music programs for granted?
What did Clinton say one of the things that really happened is?
When have they tended to drop their music programs?
What did he speak on NBC's Today show in tandem with the Save the Music fund-raising drive by music channel VH1 to preserve music programs in schools across?
What did Clinton say is a lot of folks just took the music programs for granted?
What did he say?
Who said we know that a lot of our young children learn better if they have access to music education?
What did President Clinton say the federal government was important that parents raise?
Who said the federal government was important that parents raise their voices and demand music programs for their children?
Who said he volunteered to get involved when he heard about the VH1 program?
What was broadcast from a public elementary school in East Harlem?
Who said I 've been very disturbed about the problem?
Who have tended to drop their music programs over the last 20 years?
What do only 25 percent of American schools offer music programs as a basic part of the curriculum by?
What did Clinton say one of the things that really happened is a lot of?
What did he speak on NBC's Today show in tandem with Save the Music fund-raising drive by music channel VH1 to preserve music programs in schools across America?
Who did he say volunteered to get involved when he heard about the VH1 program?
Who said Friday that it was tragic that school music programs frequently are the easiest target when budget-minded administrators have to cut education costs?
What did President Clinton say Friday that it was tragic that school music programs frequently are?
What did President Clinton say?
Who was up early for the interview after spending the night at his home in Chappaqua?
What did President Clinton say Friday that?
Where was he to speak at an evening fund raiser for Rep. Edolphus Towns as part of his New York visit?
What was he to speak at an evening fund raiser for Rep. Edolphus Towns in as part of his New York visit?
Who was visiting an elementary school in Queens to underscore the need for new school construction and repairs?
What did the president speak on NBC's Today show in tandem with the Save the Music fund-raising drive by music channel VH1 to preserve in schools across America?
Who was D-N. Y.?
What did he speak on NBC's Today show in with the Save the Music fund-raising drive by music channel VH1 to preserve music programs in schools across America?
What was Rep. Edolphus Towns?
What has the president long championed?
What offer music programs as a basic part of the curriculum by some estimates?
What tend to have higher academic performance?
What did he say about?
What did the president say about?
What do only 25 percent of American schools offer as a basic part of the curriculum by some estimates?
Who has long championed the cause of preserving music programs in schools?
What did President Clinton continue going back into because of because more and more parents will insist on the music being there?
What did he speak on NBC's Today show in tandem with the Save the Music fund-raising drive by to preserve music programs in schools across America?
What did he say it was important?
Who said it was important that parents raise their voices and demand music programs for their children?
Who did Clinton say know that a lot of our young children learn better if they have access to music education?
What did President Clinton say Friday that it was tragic?
What do the schools that have vigorous music programs tend to have?
What did President Clinton continue going back into because of what VH1 has done?
What 'll President Clinton be glad to do?
When have schools tended to drop their music programs?
What did the president say I 've been very disturbed about?
What was the interview broadcast from?
What was Clinton up early for after spending the night at his home in Chappaqua?
What have tended to drop their music programs over the last 20 years?
What did he continue going back into because of because more and more parents will insist on the music being there?
Who continued going back into these programs because of because more and more parents will insist on the music being there?
What have schools tended to drop over the last 20 years?
Where was President Clinton to speak at an evening fund raiser for Rep. Edolphus Towns as part of his New York visit?
Who has Inner City Arts started with from one school?
What do many children live in in apartments for transients or in housing projects?
What here in the heart of what is known as skid row is a jewel?
What are the unadorned brick walls?
What elevates the social and arts-education experiences at the inspiring home?
What were some reactions of a group of 7-year-olds on a recent visit, ``Maltzan love''?
What has the district helped create a program for teaching English through art?
What are clamoring to be included?
What is the plan described by Maltzan as around a central courtyard?
Who live in lamentable conditions in apartments for transients or in housing projects?
What does the architecture elevate the social and arts-education experiences at?
What were some reactions of a group of 7-year-olds on a recent visit, ``Maltzan love the architects accomplished _ ``it has pictures all around''?
What do the raw surfaces draw?
What has this bought?
What is this?
What sits inside?
What was a property tax cut?
Who is the plan described by as ``a village of objects'' around a central courtyard?
What are auto body shops?
What do Children study _ the unadorned brick walls?
What is also an object lesson in construction?
What is a cheerful ceramic fountain amid ripening orange trees and palm trees covered in?
Who said, ``Inner City Arts is my home?''
Who was a past president of the Los Angeles Board of Education?
How many adjacent industrial buildings has this bought?
What provides visual and performing arts classes?
What were some reactions of a group of 7-year-olds on a recent visit, ``I love''?
What provides transportation and security?
What is the plan described by Maltzan as ``a village of objects'' around?
Who said, ``Kids use the building as material for some of their art projects''?
What did Maltzan say that he did?
What is this not a pretty part of?
What does Maltzan say _ as well as flexibility: in the plan affords views from one area to another _ ``limitless horizons''?
How many adjacent industrial buildings has it bought?
What are the timber frame partly clad in plasterboard?
Who do english language instruction to students from public elementary schools _ largely the offspring of?
What did Maltzan say?
What does Maltzan say _ as well as flexibility: spaces are constantly used in the plan affords views from one area to another _ ``limitless horizons''?
What is covered in hand-painted hearts, fruits, flowers and birds?
What does a door give into a charming urban courtyard at the back?
What does Maltzan say _ as well as flexibility: spaces are constantly used in different ways the plan affords views from one area to?
What do Children study?
What are its littered sidewalks?
What was the building officially called?
What are the exposed trusses?
What does Inner City Arts provide?
Who does LOS ANGELES _ Street is a tattered row of produce warehouses and auto body shops?
What is this not?
Who said, ``L. A. was my adopted city''?
What study the raw surfaces _ the unadorned brick walls?
Who was the school's executive director, virtually?
What are LOS ANGELES's littered sidewalks?
What is a nonprofit arts school that is both an enlightened model for arts education and a design landmark where education is embellished by architectural example?
Who was Leticia Quezada?
What do they draw?
What was Proposition 13?
What did Maltzan say that he felt compelled ``to do something'' after?
What does Maltzan say as the plan affords views from one area to another _ ``limitless horizons''?
Who said, ``Inner City Arts is Maltzan's home?''
What does LOS ANGELES _ Merchant?
What does this intend to triple in?
What draw inspiration for their own drawings and paintings from the strong, simple shapes?
What is Inner City Arts?
What is the design also?
What does a door give a view into at the back?
What did Maltzan say that he felt compelled ``to do'' after the city's 1992 riots?
Who was a protege of Frank Gehry and the project architect on the Disney Concert Hall planned for downtown Los Angeles?
What does Maltzan say _ as well as flexibility: spaces are constantly used in different ways the plan affords to another _ ``limitless horizons''?
Who was Maltzan?
Who does LOS ANGELES _ Merchant is a tattered row of produce warehouses and auto body shops?
Where does the architecture elevate the social and arts-education experiences?
What is rare in that it boasts?
What _ largely the offspring of immigrants from Mexico and Central America who work in the local garment and manufacturing industries?
What does LOS ANGELES _ Merchant Street is a tattered row of?
What _ Merchant Street is a tattered row of produce warehouses and auto body shops?
What is this here in a jewel?
What was officially called the Mark Taper Center\/Inner City Arts?
What was all arts curriculum eliminated from in the year following the passage?
When was all arts curriculum eliminated from the public schools?
What is this here in the heart of what is known as skid row?
What was designed by Michael Maltzan Architecture?
What is founded in 1989?
What do Children study the raw surfaces _?
Who is a building that is expansive?
Who said that he felt compelled ``to do something'' after the city's 1992 riots?
What does it intend to triple in?
What are the industrial roll-up garage doors?
What does a door give a view into a charming urban courtyard at?
When is Inner City Arts founded?
What does LOS ANGELES _ Merchant Street is?
What were, ``I love it _ it's big'' ``it has pictures all around''?
Who said that he did the work pro bono?
What is described by Maltzan as ``a village of objects'' around a central courtyard?
What does the district provide?
What did the school move from two temporary bungalows to?
What is the architects accomplished?
What has the district helped the school create for teaching English through art?
Who does Inner City Arts now cater to annually from 11 public schools who attend classes twice a week for six weeks?
What has it bought?
What were, ``Maltzan love the architects accomplished _ it's big'' ``it has pictures all around''?
Who draw inspiration for their own drawings and paintings from the strong, simple shapes?
What does Inner City Arts now cater to 8,000 children annually from?
Who do english language instruction to students from public elementary schools _ largely?
What did the school move from to its current premises?
What now caters to 8,000 children annually from 11 public schools who attend classes twice a week for six weeks?
What does the architecture elevate at the inspiring home?
What was eliminated from the public schools in the year following the passage?
What has started with 300 children from one school?
What has helped the school create a program for teaching English through art?
What was Leticia Quezada a past president of?
What did Maltzan say after?
What intends to triple in size?
What has Inner City Arts started with 300 children from?
What moved from two temporary bungalows to its current premises?
Who was Beth Tishler?
What is not a pretty part of town?
Who said, ``This private-public partnership is a national model''?
What does Maltzan say _ as well as flexibility: spaces are constantly used in different ways affords views from one area to another _ ``limitless horizons''?
Who was the building designed by?
Who says _ as well as flexibility: spaces are constantly used in different ways the plan affords views from one area to another _ ``limitless horizons''?
What gives a view into a charming urban courtyard at the back?
What has bought two adjacent industrial buildings?
What were some reactions of a group of 7-year-olds on a recent visit, ``I love it _ ``it has pictures all around''?
What has arts education crept back onto in part because of lobbying from the entertainment industry?
Who said, ``they were used to living off donated paper'' at Inner City Arts?
Who said, ``visual arts were used to living off donated paper'' at Inner City Arts?
What may be a curricular model?
What were California politicians buoyed by?
What does it's not until someone catches the contagion of creativity and inspiration of architecture?
What does the architecture's not until someone catches the contagion of creativity and inspiration of architecture that one appreciates?
Who was the district's director of visual and performing arts?
Who designed a new arts complex in North Hollywood after the construction of Inner City Arts?
What was completed in March?
What was music?
What did Maltzan face resistance to even at Inner City Arts and Harvard-Westlake?
Who is Harvard-Westlake's headmaster?
What is to get art back into the schools at present?
What will follow?
Who has called for the restoration of arts education in California public schools?
What does?
What is concern for the surroundings as an educational asset not?
What did Maltzan design a new arts complex in after the construction of Inner City Arts?
What has increased since the recent opening?
Who was a visual effects studio in Los Angeles?
What is less likely to be an architectural one?
What has arts education crept back onto the agenda in?
What has crept back onto the agenda in part because of lobbying from the entertainment industry?
When is the challenge to get art back into the schools?
What does someone catch the contagion of creativity and inspiration of?
What cleaned?
What do the buildings surround?
What was theater and dance?
What did the school deem teachers and computers paramount and architecture as enclosure at?
What surround a much-used communal plaza?
What does someone catch?
What are the background?
What did Maltzan face to lavishing effort on the architecture even at Inner City Arts and Harvard-Westlake?
What was a private, affluent junior-senior high school?
What has enrollment in art classes increased since?
Who was with the director James Cameron?
What are the resources?
What is it?
Who was Scott Ross?
Who was of Digital Domain?
Who was the co-founder with?
Who said, ``The hard part now is the implementation''?
What is not a priority?
What did the Los Angeles school district pass stringent graduation requirements citywide in visual arts for kindergarten through?
Who have?
Whose headmaster is Thomas Hudnut?
Who was the co-founder of?
When was the new arts complex completed?
What did the Los Angeles school district pass for kindergarten through grade 12?
What did Maltzan design a new arts complex in North Hollywood after?
What is Inner City Arts?
What is Delaine Easton the State Superintendent of?
Who did the school deem as enclosure at Harvard-Westlake?
What passed stringent graduation requirements citywide in visual arts for kindergarten through grade 12?
What was Harvard\/Westlake School?
What are the personnel?
What did the Los Angeles school district pass stringent graduation requirements citywide in visual arts for through grade 12?
What was Digital Domain?
What is Delaine Easton?
What did Maltzan design in North Hollywood after the construction of Inner City Arts?
What is an equally forceful architectural composition of art rooms and art gallery?
Who is Thomas Hudnut?
Where did Maltzan face resistance to lavishing effort on the architecture?
What does it's not until someone catches the contagion of creativity and inspiration of architecture that one appreciates?
What did Maltzan face resistance to lavishing effort on the architecture even at?
What may Inner City Arts be?
Who said, ``unfortunately California politicians have to get people from outside California and the U. S.''?
What is only nine years ago a modest alternative?
Who were buoyed by a revived economy?
What are struggling simply to keep roofs from leaking?
Who was Don Dustin?
What are many public schools struggling simply to keep from leaking?
Where did he say, ``they were used to living off donated paper''?
Who is the State Superintendent of Public Instruction?
Who faced resistance to lavishing effort on the architecture even at Inner City Arts and Harvard-Westlake?
What was Don Dustin the district's director of?
Who was a co-founder?
When has Delaine Easton called?
Who said, ``There's great demand for talented visual artists''?
What's not until someone catches the contagion of creativity and inspiration of architecture that one appreciates what it can do?
What does someone catch the contagion of of architecture?
Who catches the contagion of creativity and inspiration of architecture?
What were visual arts?
What is it an equally forceful architectural composition of?
What did he say, ``they were used to living off donated paper'' at?
What have begun to change?
Where did Maltzan say, ``visual arts were used to living off donated paper''?
What does the architecture's not until someone catches the contagion of creativity and inspiration of architecture?
What was at Harvard\/Westlake School?
What did the school deem teachers and computers paramount and architecture as at Harvard-Westlake?
What did Maltzan say, ``visual arts were used to living off donated paper'' at?
Where did Maltzan design a new arts complex after the construction of Inner City Arts?
What was the new arts complex at?
What deemed teachers and computers paramount and architecture as enclosure at Harvard-Westlake?
What were music?
Who said, ``unfortunately we have to get people from outside California and the U. S.''?
What is the piano valued at?
What will be occupied free by students from nearby school districts?
How many goals: nurturing aspiring musicians does the program have?
Who did the mayor describe as a ``true blue-collar town'', fundamentally?
What does the program have?
Who is Serkin?
What were concerts's kids missing?
What will be moved to the auditorium for Serkin's recital?
What will it be moved to?
What is cultural expansion?
What will the 600 students in the town's single public school discuss at?
Who is John Serkin, also the son of a famous pianist's younger brother?
What are struggling under budget constraints?
Who is his younger brother?
What is valued at $50,000?
What is the hall sold out for?
What will the Curtis students present concerts in in the classrooms at the village's Floyd Memorial Library?
What are many public schools struggling under?
Who will a new program bring classical music to under the leadership of David Kapell?
What is approaching 100?
Who never knows where the next great musician is going to come from?
What seats more than 700?
Who said, ``It's overwhelmingly local people who are coming, people who live within 10 miles of the village''?
Who is the third of Rudolf Serkin's six children and a onetime French horn player?
Who serves on the village's Arts and Culture Committee?
What will it be kept permanently in?
What will they perform at Greenport?
Whose younger brother is the pianist?
Who is John Serkin the son of?
Who spoke of the contributions from the Steinway company and Peter Serkin?
Who will present concerts in conjunction with their work in the classrooms at the village's Floyd Memorial Library?
What does Serkin serve on?
What were our kids missing?
What will discuss at Greenport?
What are many public schools marginalizing arts programs eliminating altogether?
What comes not just from his belief in the value of the arts but also from his personal history?
What has two goals: developing appreciation and audiences for the arts?
When was David Kapell 4?
What did Kapell speak of?
Who has Serkin solicited the help of?
What has two goals: nurturing aspiring musicians?
What include fishing, wineries, retail and tourism?
Who are excited?
Where is the opposite happening in the small village of Greenport at the tip of the North Fork?
Whose support for classical music comes not just from David Kapell's belief in the value of the arts but also from his personal history?
Who was 4 at the time?
What will the Curtis students present concerts in conjunction with their work in at the village's Floyd Memorial Library?
Who died in a plane crash in 1953 when he was just 31 and at the peak of acclaim?
What will the Curtis students present in conjunction with their work in the classrooms at the village's Floyd Memorial Library?
What is sold out for Sunday's concert?
What is both honoring the memory of two major pianists who were exclusive Steinway artists with this gesture?
What has Peter Serkin devised by Gyorgy Kurtag and George Benjamin; Schoenberg's Piano Suite?
Whose mission has been aided by another Greenport resident?
Who is the Greenport resident?
Who has devised a substantive and varied program by Gyorgy Kurtag and George Benjamin; Schoenberg's Piano Suite?
Who are many public schools marginalizing arts programs eliminating altogether?
What will they perform music at?
Who is the son of a famous pianist?
Who will discuss at Greenport?
Where will they perform music?
What does the school serve?
What will the new arts program bring students from the Curtis Institute of Music in Philadelphia to?
What will bring classical music to the 600 students in the town's single public school under the leadership of David Kapell?
Who died in 1991?
What is ``long-term placement''?
What comes not just from David Kapell's belief in the value of the arts but also from his personal history?
Who described Greenport as a ``true blue-collar town'', fundamentally?
Who is David Kapell?
What serves a district of 5,000 residents?
What will bring students from the Curtis Institute of Music in Philadelphia to classrooms in Greenport?
What will a grand piano provided by Steinway & Sons in Manhattan be kept permanently in?
Who will perform music at Greenport?
What is the term the company prefers ?
What does the hall seat?
Who has been voicing a grand piano provided by Steinway & Sons in Manhattan in preparation for his brother's recital?
What has Serkin solicited?
What did the son of the pianist William Kapell die in a plane crash in 1953 when he was just 31 at?
Who never know where the next great musician is going to come from?
Who was a longtime director of the Curtis Institute?
Who has been tuning the piano?
What will the Curtis students present concerts in conjunction with their work in the classrooms at?
Who is to play a benefit recital on Sunday at 2 p. m. in the Greenport School Auditorium?
What will perform music at Greenport?
What is the opposite happening in on Long Island?
What will Serkin perform on?
What will a new program bring classical music to the 600 students in the town's single public school under?
Who has solicited the help of his younger brother Peter Serkin?
How many students in the town's single public school will discuss at Greenport?
What will they discuss at?
What was Rudolf Serkin a longtime director of?
Whose support for classical music comes not just from his belief in the value of the arts but also from his personal history?
Who has Kapell's mission been aided by?
What could be Greenport?
What will a grand piano provided by Steinway & Sons in Manhattan be moved to?
How many goals: developing appreciation and audiences for the arts does the program have?
Who said, ``the waiting list for tickets's overwhelmingly local people who are coming, people who live within 10 miles of the village''?
What is happening in the small village of Greenport at the tip of the North Fork on Long Island?
What is both supporting the educational initiative with this gesture?
What is the waiting list for tickets approaching?
Who is Op?
Who does the school serve a district of?
What is the piano essentially being lent to?
Who is he?
What is the opposite happening in the small village of Greenport at the tip of the North Fork on?
What are competing academic interests?
What do local industries include?
What was David Kapell at the time?
What are many public schools marginalizing eliminating them altogether?
Who said?
What will the 600 students in the town's single public school perform music at?
What is the company both honoring the memory of two major pianists who were exclusive Steinway artists with?
Who will thanks to benefactors who contributed $500 each be occupied free by?
Who was instrumental in working out the details of the new arts program?
What is the population of the incorporated village?
What did the mayor describe Greenport as?
Who were missing cultural expansion?
What are marginalizing arts programs eliminating them altogether?
What will the 600 students in the town's single public school perform at Greenport?
When did Rudolf Serkin die?
What is ``really surprising'' and ``very encouraging?''
What is 2,100?
What is a shame?
Who was Rudolf Serkin?
How many students in the town's single public school will perform music at Greenport?
What did the son of the pianist William Kapell die in and at the peak of acclaim?
What will a new program bring to the 600 students in the town's single public school under the leadership of David Kapell?
Who will the new arts program bring to classrooms in Greenport?
Who will perform on a grand piano provided by Steinway & Sons in Manhattan?
Who is now a piano technician and tuner?
Where will the 600 students in the town's single public school perform music?
What has been aided by another Greenport resident?
What is Gyorgy Kurtag and George Benjamin; Schoenberg's Piano Suite?
Who is Serkin now?
What will be kept permanently in a new wing of the village's Floyd Memorial Library?
What are many public schools competing?
What is essentially being lent to the school?
Who is the son of the pianist William Kapell?
Who is the pianist?
Who is John Serkin?
What is the company both supporting the educational initiative with?
Who has been voicing it in preparation for his brother's recital?
Who has Peter Serkin devised a substantive and varied program by?
Whose director was Kathy Halbreich?
Who was the ever-progressive Walker Arts Center?
What will the fact of getting a lot of technology out there not be productive at all, ``In fact'' without?
What's wrong?
What did Sheila Bergman indicate?
What \/ 1999486?
What did the Massachusetts Institute of Technology say last week to?
What do educators's colleagues continue to strive to use computers to teach the basics of?
Who do gloomy reports about the state of the educational system appear to be as eternal as?
What might the idea of making a video seem dated?
What is the arts center leading for teens?
How many other high-tech learning centers devoted to the arts have already opened their doors?
What was ECHO?
Who was an associate professor at MIT who is involved in planning for the children's center?
Who indicated that future programs will be more digitally focused?
What said last week that it would spend $27 million to add a new children's center to its famed Media Laboratory?
What will it not be productive at, ``In fact'' without active effort?
What is still in the arts's early stages in terms of supplying teachers with lesson plans and other valuable tools?
What do gov\/naep\/report97 \/?
Where did the Massachusetts Institute of Technology say last week that it would spend $27 million to add a new children's center?
What does the Museum of Modern Art in New York have a smaller-scale but similar program in?
How many areas are at the disk's core?
What do educators's colleagues continue to strive to use to teach the basics of reading, writing and ` rithmetic?
Who plug their hand-held ``instrument boxes'' into a computer system that introduces them to such musical basics as rhythm and pitch in the A-Musing Room?
Who was the Walker's director?
What will those who ascend the 34,000-square-foot structure's Guggenheim-inspired spiral ramp discover?
What might seem a bit dated?
What is that perhaps?
What have two other high-tech learning centers devoted to the arts already opened?
What can you put all the finger paints in the world out there in?
What do their colleagues continue to strive to use computers to teach the basics of?
What are two areas at?
When's limited?
Who is the arts center leading Web-authoring sessions for?
What do young visitors plug their hand-held ``instrument boxes'' into a computer system that introduces them to such musical basics as in the A-Musing Room?
What does the new Zeum have?
What will it not be productive at all, ``In fact'' without?
What do their colleagues continue to strive to use computers to teach?
What does------- RELATED site: (each address preceeded by? )
What unveiled ECHO in September?
Who is an art and technology center for children that opened on Oct. 31 in San Francisco?
What will the fact of getting a lot of technology out there not be productive at, ``In fact'' without active effort?
What is dorky?
What did the survey of eighth graders find?
When is ArtsConnectEd still?
What has a smaller-scale but similar program in the works?
Who said, ``We 're planting a seed here,''?
What will the videos be sent out over?
What is one of the things that ArtsConnectEd begins to do tie into a variety of life experiences?
What will provide interactive exercises like a Java-enabled area for making collages?
Who said the study verifies that most American children are infrequently or never given serious instruction or performance opportunities in music, the arts or theater?
Who was Mitchel Resnick?
What do educators's colleagues continue to strive to use computers to teach?
What did Kathy Halbreich say, ``People do not always know in''?
Who has an airy gallery for interactive art?
What did Secretary of Education Richard W. Riley say the study verifies in?
What are two areas?
What will discover a digital production studio that gives a crew of children 30 minutes to assemble a short video sounds and graphics of visuals's own devising?
What did Secretary of Education Richard W. Riley say the study verifies that most American children are infrequently or never given serious instruction or performance opportunities in?
What is one of the things that ArtsConnectEd begins to do tie the object into?
What is perhaps the most essential element of all?
What do their colleagues continue to strive to use to teach the basics of reading, writing and ` rithmetic?
What is tie the object into a variety of life experiences?
What appear to be as eternal as a holiday fruitcake?
What is all you have?
When was ArtsConnectEd quietly launched?
What is modeling clay and finger paints?
What can the marks then be converted into?
What can be experienced at home?
What was the arts's neighbor?
What does------- RELATED site: (address preceeded by http://www? )
What's limited?
What will discover a digital production studio that gives a crew of children 30 minutes to assemble a short video sounds and graphics of their own devising?
When come?
What are quickly overcome by the sonic results?
What can many new digital arts-education resources be experienced at?
What provide a wider range of expressiveness?
What are this and other quibbles quickly overcome by?
What do we want to make?
Who was a joint project of the Minneapolis Institute of Arts and its neighbor?
What did Secretary of Education Richard W. Riley say the study verifies that most American children are infrequently or never given in music, the arts or theater?
Who does that's not necessarily going to lead to?
What will be sent out over the Web?
What (seems to be training a population of bad guessers? )
What is still in its early stages in terms of supplying teachers with lesson plans and other valuable tools?
What was ArtsConnectEd a joint project of?
Where are two areas?
What will ``Art Safari,'' scheduled to be launched Dec. 12, provide for making collages?
What do educators want to make?
What will include new digital techniques for music, dance, storytelling and the visual arts?
Who continued: ``If all you have is modeling clay and finger paints, you can express yourself in some ways''?
What do finger paints provide a wider range of?
What is the new Zeum?
Whose center is scheduled to open in 2003?
Who continue to strive to use computers to teach the basics of reading, writing and ` rithmetic?
When go?
When did the Chicago Symphony Orchestra unveil ECHO?
What is scheduled to open in 2003?
What does (The nation seem to be training? )
What did the Chicago Symphony Orchestra unveil in September?
What is all Mitchel Resnick have?
What SITES: (each address preceeded by http://www? )
What is leading Web-authoring sessions for teens?
Who said, ``educators 're planting a seed here,''?
Who is Bob Farnell, Olivia Vasquez or Connie White?
What can Mitchel Resnick put in kindergarten?
What sound pretty good?
How many areas are ``Rhythm Band'' and ``Chamber Music,'' that enable aspiring composers to draw marks on a page of on-screen sheet music?
What can then be converted into standard musical notation and, more important, audible sounds?
What was ArtsConnectEd?
Whose a new center did the Massachusetts Institute of Technology say last week to?
What found in a CD-ROM that provides more advanced's highly regarded predecessor, ``Making Music''?
What can Mitchel Resnick put all the finger paints in the world out there in?
Who said, ``People do not always know they 're interested in the object''?
Who have become very fluent with new technologies?
What is close to being arts-illiterate?
What is likely to appeal mostly to adults: an animated how-to that supplements the museum's display of Joan Miro's ``Black and Red Series'' etchings?
Who said Arts education is important?
What did the Massachusetts Institute of Technology say last week that it would spend $27 million to add to its famed Media Laboratory?
What has a slew of new online and off-line arts-education resources arrived to help alleviate the latest slice of?
What has a slew of new online and off-line arts-education resources arrived to help alleviate?
What's not necessarily going to lead to great artists?
What can you put in kindergarten?
What is that perhaps the most essential element of?
Who does (The nation seem to be training a population of? )
What are at the disk's core?
What did the Massachusetts Institute of Technology say last week that it would spend to add a new children's center to its famed Media Laboratory?
What is also acting as a canvas for several noteworthy arts-education ventures?
Who can put all the finger paints in the world out there in kindergarten?
What is the Web also acting as?
Who did the fundamentals find in, ``Making Music''?
What did Mitchel Resnick say is important?
What will not be productive at all, ``In fact'' without active effort?
What did the Massachusetts Institute of Technology say last week that it would spend $27 million to add a new children's center to?
Who was quietly launched last month?
What has arrived to help alleviate the latest slice of bad news?
What do young visitors plug their hand-held ``instrument boxes'' into a computer system that introduces them to such musical basics as rhythm and pitch in?
What have the children of today become very fluent with?
What do young visitors plug as rhythm and pitch in the A-Musing Room?
When can an archive of recent creations be accessed?
What will areas of research include?
What do finger paints provide?
What does the Museum of Modern Art in New York have in the works?
Whose a new center did the Massachusetts Institute of Technology say last week that it would spend $27 million to add to its famed Media Laboratory?
What have already opened their doors?
Who was Kathy Halbreich?
What did the survey of eighth graders find that fewer than one in four attend?
What did Secretary of Education Richard W. Riley say in?
What was its neighbor?
Who want to make digital technologies that are extensions of modeling clay and finger paints?
Who has the composer Morton Subotnick just premiered in?''
What are ``Rhythm Band'' and ``Chamber Music,'' that enable aspiring composers to draw marks on a page of on-screen sheet music?
Who continued: ``If all you have is modeling clay and finger paints, you can express last week in some ways''?
What was an interactive music-learning center nestled in the ensemble's extensively renovated performance complex?
When did the Massachusetts Institute of Technology say that it would spend $27 million to add a new children's center to its famed Media Laboratory?
What can be accessed at the moment?
Who is the New York Times Syndicate sales representative?
Where did the Massachusetts Institute of Technology say last week?
What found in its highly regarded predecessor, ``Making Music''?
What does drum not compare well with as a solo instrument?
What is Ms. Leveine's 22-year-old daughter?
What does the Caribbean American Sports and Cultural Youth Movement run one of?
Who is not of Caribbean ancestry?
What did a term borrow from the outdoor sites where steel drums are played in the Caribbean teen-agers hold jam sessions in so-called pan?
What does the Caribbean American Sports and Cultural Youth Movement run?
What ranges in size from about 10 to 140 members?
Who did Ms. McCarthy's friend Sandra Thompson say: ``started playing because of her''?
What has the steel drum become as as a swaying palm?
What did the British colonials rule from 1797?
What has Steel drum gained momentum in to restore arts and music programs that were cut several years ago?
What's a delicate instrument?
Who are drawn to the pan yards by camaraderie and by the sound of the drums?
Who 'mes into it?
What _ an image promoted earlier this century by Trinidad's British rulers?
Whose 22-year-old daughter is her joy?
What is this all a bit of?
What is music no matter who plays it?
Who is her joy?
What now offer steel pan players who migrated from Trinidad?
What is commonly called?
Who was New York?
What is William Johnson not of?
Who did William Jones say sell for about $500 to $900?
What was Ed Morgano the school board's director of for Brooklyn?
What does drum produce in an orchestra?
What does it come out of?
What did Ed Morgano say that having steel drum classes helps ease?
Who immigrated to New York 30 years ago?
What was assailed by the British colonials to 1962?
What did a term borrow from the outdoor sites where steel drums are played in the Caribbean teen-agers hold in so-called pan yards?
What did Ed Morgano say that having steel drum helps ease the transition for newly arrived Caribbean students?
What have schools like George W. Wingate High School in Brooklyn used to expand steel drum classes?
Where does Ms. Leveine live?
What has Jacquii been playing the steel drum for nearly a decade to?
What was Horace Moore?
What have used some of the money to expand steel drum classes?
Who was the instrument by?
What was East Flatbush at a steel drum jam session on a recent night at the St. Francis of Assisi Church on?
What do many public schools now offer steel drum as part of their music education programs?
Who said, ``This is the way the world turns''?
What did Trinidad's British rulers see the music as?
What do you 're making a sound unlike we 're used to here?
What received $25 million last September from the administration of Mayor Rudolph Giuliani?
Who was founder and executive director of the Caribbean American Sports and Cultural Youth Movement?
What are jazz or hip-hop that dominate their musical environment?
What is the sprawling pageant that showcases the artistry of the steel drum?
What does it produce in an orchestra?
Who said of steel drum classes in the public schools, ``I see it growing''?
What was Nicole McCarthy playing drum set nearby?
Who was at a steel drum jam session on a recent night at the St. Francis of Assisi Church on the edge of Crown Heights in Brooklyn?
Who was 17?
What did I use to go to?
Who was Ed Morgano?
What do steel drum is taught side by side with in most schools?
What did the city's public schools receive $25 million last September from?
When was the instrument assailed by the British colonials?
What was William Johnson?
Who did Ms. McCarthy's friend Sandra Thompson say: ``I started playing because of''?
What has Steel drum gained momentum in the city's public schools to restore?
When are drawn to the pan yards by camaraderie and by the sound of the drums?
What have schools like George W. Wingate High School in Brooklyn used some of the money to expand steel drum?
Who was playing a double drum set nearby?
When form the core of many steel bands in Brooklyn?
Who wanted to try it?
Who has to hit the notes just right?
What do you 're making a sound unlike?
Who did Ms. McCarthy's friend Sandra Thompson point to?
When did a term borrow from the outdoor sites where steel drums are played in the Caribbean hold jam sessions in so-called pan yards?
What does a psychology major at Medgar Evers College in Crown Heights's?
What has Jacquii been playing drum for nearly a decade to her joy?
What was Horace Moore of?
What comes out of the black poor of the island?
What does the steel drum carry?
What are teen-agers drawn to the pan by camaraderie and by the sound of the drums?
What did her father and her play?
What was a perennial winner of the Carnival's band contest?
Who produces muted, bell-like tones?
What has its popularity been increased immeasurably by?
Who was the school board's director of arts education for Brooklyn?
Who played it?
What do many public schools now offer steel drum classes as?
Who ruled Trinidad from 1797?
Who said: ``I started playing because of her''?
What did William Jones say the instruments sell for to $900?
What sounded good?
What did William Jones say they sell for about $500 to?
What have schools like George W. Wingate High School in Brooklyn used some of the money to expand drum classes?
What is the annual West Indian American Day Carnival?
What does drum produce a full, melodic sound in?
What do steel drum is taught side by with mathematics and science in most schools?
What is Jacquii?
Who is now in her 50s?
What is all a bit of a passage for the pan?
Who was 19?
What do you 're making a sound unlike anything we 're used to?
What does it produce?
What's like you 're making a sound unlike anything we 're used to here?
What has a steel band?
What drum is trimmed with chisels?
What is part of a rising sound of the pan in those New York City neighborhoods transformed by the large influx of Caribbean immigrants?
What did William Jones say they sell for to $900?
Who was the instrument assailed by to 1962?
What does a typical steel band range in?
What is Ms. Leveine now in?
What does Ms. Leveine live in?
Who vowed that her children would not only listen to the soothing sound?
What does the steel drum have, ``At Horace Moore''?
Who do many public schools now offer steel pan?
Who said, ``Steel pan is a natural art form''?
What did Trinidad's British rulers see as a magnet for subversive gatherings?
Where did the British view of steel drums take hold?
What were once fashioned crudely out of used oil drums?
Who said, ``I had never explored this sound before''?
Who said the instruments sell for about $500 to $900?
What did the British view of steel drums take hold in?
What are jazz or hip-hop that dominate non-Caribbean youngsters's musical environment?
What has become as much an icon of the region as a swaying palm?
What was East Flatbush at a steel drum on a recent night at the St. Francis of Assisi Church on the edge of Crown Heights in Brooklyn?
What drum is taught side by side with mathematics and science in most schools?
Who does an instrument of rabble-rousers open at the same time?
What is this?
Who said, ``To me it's like another language''?
Who lives in East Flatbush?
Whose friend Sandra Thompson pointed to Ms. McCarthy?
What does an instrument of rabble-rousers come out of?
Who 'res making a sound unlike anything we 're used to here?
What are drawn to the pan yards by camaraderie and by the sound of the drums?
What does an instrument of rabble-rousers open American-born students to something different at?
What has been increased immeasurably by the annual West Indian American Day Carnival?
What does the steel drum carry the full chromatic range of?
What is music no matter how?
Whose friend Sandra Thompson was 17?
When did the British colonials rule Trinidad?
Who are realizing the value of the instrument?
What are offering private lessons?
What's like you 're in this groove?
Who used to go to her house?
What is the drumming of Jacquii Leveine part of?
Where did Ms. Leveine immigrate 30 years ago?
What does it produce a full, melodic sound in?
What did Ms. Leveine vow that her children would not only listen to?
What has the drum's popularity been increased immeasurably by?
What runs one of the largest steel bands in New York?
What did I want to try?
What does not compare well with some other instruments like the guitar as a solo instrument?
What have schools like George W. Wingate High School in Brooklyn used to buy more steel drums?
What did Ms. Leveine vow that they would also learn to play drum, or pan?
What produces muted, bell-like tones?
What did a term borrow from teen-agers hold jam sessions in so-called pan yards?
What are other islands offering?
What produces just about any type of music from classical to calypso?
What did Morgano say of steel drum in the public schools, ``I see it growing''?
What was Ms. McCarthy's friend Sandra Thompson?
What took hold in the upper reaches of Trinidad's society?
What do you have to hit just right?
What do steel drum is taught side by side with mathematics and science in?
Who 'res in this groove?
What are parents realizing?
What has the steel drum become as much an icon of the region as?
What did Morgano say of drum classes in the public schools, ``I see it growing''?
Whose band contest was New York a perennial winner of?
What did Ms. Leveine immigrate to 30 years ago?
Who was Brooklyn?
What do you 're making unlike anything we 're used to here?
What does William Jones produce?
What are the instruments now custom-made at where entrepreneurs make a living carving, tuning and painting drums for sale?
What are they drawn to the pan by camaraderie and by the sound of the drums?
What do steel drum is taught by side with mathematics and science in most schools?
What did Ed Morgano say?
Who was a psychology major at Medgar Evers College in Crown Heights?
What is the steel?
Who is the excitement of the instrument also drawing looking for a different music than the blues?
What does drum not compare well with some other instruments like the guitar as?
What does the steel drum produce just about from classical to calypso?
What does it's?
What now offer steel drum classes as part of their music education programs?
What was once burdened by this's image as an instrument of rabble-rousers _ an image promoted earlier this century by Trinidad's British rulers?
What is credited to Winston Simon?
What are parents realizing the value of?
What are also conducting classes for teen-agers?
Who do you 're making a sound unlike anything 're used to here?
What do teen-agers form?
What is the drumming of Jacquii Leveine?
Who vowed that they would also learn to play the steel drum, or pan?
What is the steel drum trimmed with?
What does the steel drum produce just about any type of music from?
What saw the music as a magnet for subversive gatherings?
What are the blues?
Who said, ``You dared not ask about it''?
What does the steel drum have, ``At its highest''?
Who said they sell for about $500 to $900?
What do teen-agers form the core of?
What did William Jones say the instruments sell for about $500 to?
What did the British view of steel drums take in the upper reaches of Trinidad's society?
Who has been playing the steel drum for nearly a decade to her joy?
What do you 're in?
What produces a full, melodic sound in an orchestra?
What was New York a perennial winner of?
What does it open American-born students to something different at?
Who is a music major at City College?
Where was East Flatbush at a steel drum jam session on a recent night at the St. Francis of Assisi Church?
What has a crisp, straight sound with no aftereffect, ``At its highest''?
What was the pan once burdened by as an instrument of rabble-rousers _ an image promoted earlier this century by Trinidad's British rulers?
What did Ms. Leveine vow to?
Who does it open at the same time?
What is the solo instrument?
Who is Winston Simon?
What does every school have?
What has a crisp, straight sound with no aftereffect, ``At Horace Moore''?
What has Steel drum gained in the city's public schools to restore arts and music programs that were cut several years ago?
What was Nicole McCarthy?
What was once burdened by its image as an instrument of rabble-rousers _ an image promoted earlier this century by Trinidad's British rulers?
Who said that having steel drum classes helps ease the transition for newly arrived Caribbean students?
What was William Jones?
What have schools like George W. Wingate High School in Brooklyn used some of the money to buy?
What carries the full chromatic range of notes?
What was East Flatbush?
What did Morgano say of steel drum classes in, ``I see it growing''?
What is spontaneous and at the same time formal?
What opens American-born students to something different at the same time?
What has gained momentum in the city's public schools to restore arts and music programs that were cut several years ago?
Who was a steel?
What did William Jones say sell for about $500 to $900?
Who is a popular Trinidadian musician who recognized in the 1930s that a dented section of a barrel head produced a tone?
When are many bands that take part in the Carnival celebration also conducting classes?
Whose friend Sandra Thompson said: ``I started playing because of her''?
What did Ed Morgano say that having drum classes helps ease the transition for newly arrived Caribbean students?
What is also drawing non-Caribbean youngsters looking for a different music than the blues?
What have used some of the money to buy more steel drums?
What did Ms. Leveine vow?
What do I 'm into?
What borrowed from the outdoor sites where steel drums are played in the Caribbean teen-agers hold jam sessions in so-called pan yards?
Who was of East Flatbush?
When was East Flatbush at a steel drum jam session on the edge of Crown Heights in Brooklyn?
Who pointed to Ms. McCarthy?
What are many bands that take part in the Carnival celebration also conducting for teen-agers?
What was East Flatbush at drum jam session on a recent night at the St. Francis of Assisi Church on the edge of Crown Heights in Brooklyn?
What does it's like you 're making a sound unlike?
What has reflecting a growing appreciation for steel drums in the Caribbean and around the world the drum even taken a place next to the trumpet and clarinet as?
What are now custom-made at several storefronts in Brooklyn where entrepreneurs make a living carving, tuning and painting drums for sale?
What do an instrument of rabble-rousers _?
Who also helped students understand what the word business means when it comes to making music?
When did the producer ask?
Who was the sophomore from Tri-Cities?
What did ATLANTA _ Sixteen-year-old Bryan Taylor not have until Tuesday?
What did Wade capture most of with his black cashmere coat shaved head and cast of famous friends?
Whose black cashmere coat did Wade capture most of the attention with shaved head and cast of famous friends?
Who said after the session, ``I 've never sung in public before''?
What did panelists also help students understand?
What did he say ?
What did Wade capture most of the attention with shaved head and cast of famous friends?
What did he say ``'s inspiring to look out there and see these kids''?
What did the attention seem to be?
What did Wade capture with his black cashmere coat shaved head and cast of famous friends?
Who did Wade recall his childhood as?
Who have a purpose in life?
Who writes for the Atlanta Journal-Constitution?
What did Bryan grab?
What do you 've got to get too?
Who said after the session, ``Wade 've never sung in public before''?
Who said ``It's inspiring to look out there and see these kids''?
Who was Charles Driebe?
Who grabbed a microphone?
Who 've got to get an education too?
What did students realize were brushing shoulders with heavy hitters?
Who was when I was that age?
When did he recall as an aspiring musician in southwest Atlanta?
What did students realize they were brushing with heavy hitters?
What did Wade capture most of the attention with ATLANTA _ Sixteen-year-old Bryan Taylor's black cashmere coat?
Who does it make feel like I have a purpose in life?
Who does ATLANTA _ Sixteen-year-old Bryan Taylor want to be when he graduates from East Point's Tri-Cities High School?
Who did students realize with?
What did Wade say ?
Who belted out Jagged Edge's ``I Got to Be'' as students gave him a roaring response?
Who want to be a gospel singer?
Who said, ``they do not see all the work''?
What makes Wade feel like I have a purpose in life?
Who also were able to attend sessions on songwriting, composition, artist management, interactive media, entertainment law, publishing and public relations?
Who do they look just like?
Who 'ves got to work?
When did Wade recall as an aspiring musician in southwest Atlanta?
Who did students realize they were brushing shoulders with?
When did he not have a clue about how to get from singing around the house to the cover of a compact disc _?
What does Miriam Longino write for?
What is kind of like the guy who is the falsetto in Boyz II Men?
Who belted out Jagged Edge's ``Wade Got to Be'' as students gave him a roaring response?
Who wants to be a gospel singer?
Who look just like me?
What seemed to be a bit of a deja vu experience for the hot young producer?
What did Taylor ask?
What did Wade capture most of the attention with his black cashmere coat?
Who do these kids look just like?
Who 've got to work?
What shot up throughout the Rialto Center for the Performing Arts?
Who did students realize were brushing shoulders with heavy hitters?
Who do ATLANTA _ Sixteen-year-old Bryan Taylor want to be?
Who shouted back yeah?
Who did panelists also help understand what the word business means when it comes to making music?
What do Wade have?
What makes me feel like I have a purpose in life?
What did hands shoot up throughout?
Who did he recall his childhood as?
What did Bryan shout back?
Who gave Wade a roaring response?
What did Wade say ``'s inspiring to look out there and see these kids''?
Who was Bryan?
Who also ended up giving Bryan the tryout of his life?
What did Bryan say after, ``Wade 've never sung in public before''?
Who realized they were brushing shoulders with heavy hitters?
Who 'ves got to get an education too?
Who captured most of the attention with his black cashmere coat shaved head and cast of famous friends?
What did Bryan belt out?
Who asked how to get ``discovered''?
What did Wade capture most of with ATLANTA _ Sixteen-year-old Bryan Taylor's black cashmere coat shaved head and cast of famous friends?
Who has a purpose in life?
Who asked from the stage?
When did ATLANTA _ Sixteen-year-old Bryan Taylor not have a clue about how to get from singing around the house to the cover of a compact disc _?
What is East Point's Tri-Cities High School?
What did he not have until Tuesday?
Who said, ``panelists do not see all the work''?
Who do I want to be?
Who said, ``A lot of times is the glamour side of the business''?
Who wants to be a singer when he graduates from East Point's Tri-Cities High School?
Who was an Atlanta entertainment lawyer?
What did the attention seem to be a bit of?
What do Wade 've got to get too?
What do I have?
Who captured most of the attention with ATLANTA _ Sixteen-year-old Bryan Taylor's black cashmere coat shaved head and cast of famous friends?
What did Wade capture with ATLANTA _ Sixteen-year-old Bryan Taylor's black cashmere coat shaved head and cast of famous friends?
Who did not have a clue about how to get from singing around the house to the cover of a compact disc _ until Tuesday?
Who recalled his childhood as an aspiring musician in southwest Atlanta?
Who gave him a roaring response?
What did Bryan say after, ``I 've never sung in public before''?
Who look just like ATLANTA _ Sixteen-year-old Bryan Taylor?
What look just like me?
Who had 15 minutes to create?
What did Gardner say is important to determine whether the students continue to improve?
What do testers evaluate?
What did the study find that sixth graders made while fourth graders made the smallest?
What did the report hypothesized that older students had have?
When can you do something?
What were released this month?
What can Philip Glass do in a short time?
What was cardboard?
What does some instruction in how to use the instruments sound that ``show''?
Who actually learned?
Who said that follow-up was needed?
Who can do something in a short time?
What did Howard Gardner say that the study sounded like?
What were asked?
What did Gardner say the improvement is important to determine?
What was recorded?
Who asked 6,000 students participating in the program to develop musical compositions at the beginning of the course?
What was cardboard a set of?
Who showed the most improvement in their use of texture and the smallest gain in their exploration of timbre?
Who added, ``That you can do something in a short time is worth noting''?
Whose efforts were evaluated for use of timbre portrayal of the text and overall effectiveness?
What was repeated at the end of the program?
Who said, ``I was very pleased with the modest gains''?
What did evaluators conclude that the improvement was ``significant''?
What showed?
What did students working in groups of six ask to write?
What was Princeton?
How many minutes did the students have to practice a piece that was a minute or two long?
Who did the 14-year-old program involve?
What did students working in groups of six ask to write a piece of that would illustrate a short story?
Who tried to improve on this with help from Columbia University's Teachers College and Educational Testing Services?
Who was Howard Gardner?
What did the students also respond to?
What had more exposure to the concepts of text, timbre and texture?
What did the final compositions show?
What plans sessions for teachers and artists, and concerts in schools and neighborhoods?
What was the Carnegie Hall audience the other day composed of hundreds of students in grades four through from schools around the city?
How many minutes did the students have to create?
What ran for seven 45-minute sessions?
Who were given a set of instruments?
What did the report hypothesized have more exposure to the concepts of text, timbre and texture?
What did Howard Gardner say like?
Who asked 6,000 students participating in the program to at the end?
What does Linkup plan?
What was conducted in the 1996-97 school year?
Who was a senior research scientist at Educational Testing Services in Princeton ``This is a short-term program''?
What did fourth graders make?
What sounds that ``show'' characters, action and mood?
What did evaluators conclude that it was ``significant''?
Who was another hypothesis that the curriculum was more appropriate for?
What did the students give more detailed explanations of how they used the instruments to create action, character and mood in?
What were students working in groups of six given a set of?
What did Howard Gardner say?
What was Howard Gardner a professor of at the Harvard University Graduate School of Education?
What does some instruction in how to use the instruments sound?
Who applauded Philip Glass as if he were a rap star and greeted the first notes of Beethoven's Fifth Symphony with a gasp of delighted recognition?
When did the students have to create?
Who concluded that the improvement was ``significant'' given the modest length of the program?
What had most participated in?
Where was the exercise repeated?
Who evaluated the differences between the two compositions?
What applauded Philip Glass as if he were a rap star and greeted the first notes of Beethoven's Fifth Symphony with a gasp of delighted recognition?
What was the Carnegie Hall audience the other day composed of hundreds of students in grades four through six from?
Who made the smallest?
How many students and 733 teachers at 176 schools in New York did the 14-year-old program involve?
Who was a professor of cognition and education at the Harvard University Graduate School of Education?
What was N. J.?
What was a set of three?
What did students show?
Who did they applaud as if he were a rap star and greeted the first notes of Beethoven's Fifth Symphony with a gasp of delighted recognition?
What had participated in Carnegie Hall's Linkup music education program?
What involved 22,000 students and 733 teachers at 176 schools in New York?
What did the study find?
What was developed in the 1980s when arts programs were being slashed in New York City public schools and elsewhere around the country?
How many students participating in the program to at the end did program administrators ask?
Who also responded to written questions on work sheets?
What was that the curriculum was more appropriate for older students?
What was the Carnegie Hall audience the other day composed of through six from schools around the city?
What did the students give in written responses to questions about composing?
What can you do in a short time?
What played its piece?
Who concluded that it was ``significant'' given the modest length of the program?
Who used commercially available glockenspiels and homemade thumb pianos?
What was the exercise repeated at?
When did the students have to practice a piece that was a minute or two long?
How many students participating in the program to develop musical compositions at the beginning of the course did program administrators ask?
When were results of the study released?
Who continue to improve?
When was the study conducted?
What were taped again?
What were the students ' efforts evaluated for?
Who said, ``Philip Glass was very pleased with the modest gains''?
What does Linkup emphasize through classes?
What did evaluators conclude?
Who said that the study sounded like a positive step?
Who said it is important to determine whether the students continue to improve?
What did the students use?
Who gave more detailed explanations of how they used the instruments to create action, character and mood in written responses to questions about composing?
What found that sixth graders made the greatest gains while fourth graders made the smallest?
What did the program run for?
What was far from earthshaking?
What was composed of hundreds of students in grades four through six from schools around the city?
What did Carnegie Hall try to improve on this with?
Whose Linkup music education program had most participated in?
Who asked to write a piece of music that would illustrate a short story?
What were evaluated for use of timbre portrayal of the text and overall effectiveness?
Who was another hypothesis for?
Who did program administrators ask?
Who said the improvement is important to determine whether the students continue to improve?
What does Linkup emphasize basic music concepts and music's relationships to other academic subjects through?
When was Linkup developed around the country?
What showed small improvements in how students produced sounds and alternated instruments?
What did the students have 15 minutes to practice long?
Who were asked?
Who had 15 minutes to practice a piece that was a minute or two long?
What was Linkup developed in the 1980s when arts programs were being slashed in New York City public schools and elsewhere around?
What were students working in groups of six given?
What did each group play?
Who was Carol Myford?
What emphasizes basic music concepts and music's relationships to other academic subjects through classes?
When can Philip Glass do something?
What did Gardner say it is important to determine?
What did Kiley say the academy offers during the school year?
What are highly popular in the Kansas City district?
Who explained, ``students in Missouri, Kansas and across the country get to do their own thing''?
What is in its third year?
What did Kiley work on?
Where was the academy modeled after the nationally recognized George Caleb Bingham Fine Arts Academy?
Who can get one-half credit for high school and three hours of credit through Blue River Community College?
Who said, ``Arts education is an essential part of strengthening academic achievement, creating strong schools and building a culture of learning''?
Who said, ``I love theater''?
Who spend four hours a day in class through Thursday?
What are arts academies funded like in Missouri?
Who said, ``some are looking at meeting the needs of all students''?
What were the students?
Who said, ``I love music''?
What is BLUE SPRINGS, Mo. _ Mary Ogelsby more motivated this summer in than during the school year in any academic class?
What does Fine Arts Academy in Springfield select students based on portfolios and auditions like?
What did Melinda Malico say confirmed the nation's commitment to having students educated in the arts?
What are free?
Who explained, ``Students here work at their level''?
What did educators in Kansas say?
What have fine-arts academies for middle and high school students sprouted in the past four years in Springfield, Independence and Blue Springs in?
Who does Fine Arts Academy in Springfield select like the 4-year-old state?
When is the Bingham Academy?
Who was Bingham's instructor?
How many students spend four hours a day in class through Thursday?
What do philanthropic foundations contribute toward?
What is science, history and math?
When did Kiley say the academy offers more freedom than art classes?
When did Kiley say?
Who attend the academy?
What do they spend four hours a day in?
What is the Bingham Academy?
What do some say might drop out if not for the arts programs?
What is Santa Fe?
When is the Blue Springs Academy?
What does the local focus on arts respond to?
Where are magnet programs for the arts highly popular?
Who said, ``I really love it''?
What are arts academies funded like other summer programs _ through state reimbursement for attendance in?
What mandates the teaching of fine arts?
What do 80 students spend four hours a day in?
Who do some say might drop out if not for the arts programs?
What do students from the Blue Springs and Bingham academies visit in addition?
What does no federal law mandate the teaching of?
Who said that confirmed the nation's commitment to having students made grant money available to train teachers?
What are magnet programs for the arts highly popular in?
Who is more motivated this summer in a drama class at the Blue Springs Fine Arts Academy than during the school year in any academic class?
Who said the academy offers more freedom than art classes during the school year?
Who was a Blue Springs High School sophomore?
Who said, ``We are looking at meeting the needs of all students''?
What was sprawled on the classroom floor?
What have sprouted in the past four years in Springfield, Independence and Blue Springs in Missouri?
What did that assessment indicate that the nation was falling short in?
Who was a Truman High School junior studying visual arts?
What have fine-arts academies for middle and high school students sprouted in the past four years in in Missouri?
What was an objective of improving fine-arts instruction added to for 2000?
What contribute toward field trips and equipment?
Who said that confirmed the nation's commitment to having students made grant money available to develop art programs?
What are teachers being taught to blend into core subjects such as English?
Where have fine-arts academies for middle and high school students sprouted in the past four years in Missouri?
What did Melinda Malico say confirmed the nation's commitment to having students made grant money available to train teachers?
What was the academy modeled after in the Independence district?
Who are riding a national wave of encouragement that has spurred the growth of programs like the Blue Springs Academy?
When was a sampling of 6,600 eighth-grade students from across the country tested for knowledge of the arts?
What was the academy modeled after the nationally recognized George Caleb Bingham Fine Arts Academy in?
Who was fine-arts specialist at the Kansas Department of Education?
What was a sampling of 6,600 eighth-grade students from across the country tested for in 1998?
What share Mary's need for artistic expression?
What is N. M.?
Who worked on a drawing of a mysterious-looking woman wearing a black midriff that showed Dee Hansen's navel through a sheer black shawl?
When is class?
Whose need for artistic expression do thousands of students in Missouri, Kansas and across the country share?
What does the Blue Springs Academy offer?
Who was Mary?
What did Kiley say offers more freedom than art classes during the school year?
What do students from the Blue Springs and Bingham academies visit local museums in?
How many students attend?
What spend four hours a day in class through Thursday?
What do some say for?
Who was Tom Creamer?
What is in Missouri's first year?
What say they might drop out if not for the arts programs?
What fueles the movement?
Who are being taught to blend the arts into core subjects such as English?
What are galleries and theaters?
What are those students riding a national wave of?
What was tested for knowledge of the arts in 1998?
What did Melinda Malico say that confirmed?
What do thousands of students in Missouri, Kansas and across the country share?
What is English?
What learn about how we learn?
What was added to the U. S. Department of Education's Goals for 2000?
What are those students riding?
Where are arts academies funded like other summer programs _ through state reimbursement for attendance?
When was an objective of improving fine-arts instruction added to the U. S. Department of Education's Goals?
Who said more money is going to train teachers to expand music, theater and visual-arts programs by using existing art in the community?
What was Kiley Smith?
What are teachers being taught to blend the arts into?
What did educators in Kansas say is going to train teachers to expand music, theater and visual-arts programs by using existing art in the community?
What does recent brain research show that some children learn in?
Who attend?
What does recent brain research fuel?
What is Springfield?
What did I not have?
What are local museums?
What can students get for high school and three hours of credit through Blue River Community College?
What offers a five-week program for five disciplines: creative writing, dance, instrumental and vocal music, theater and visual arts?
What is in its first year?
Who was a spokeswoman with the department?
What does the Bingham Academy offer a five-week program for: creative writing, dance, instrumental and vocal music, theater and visual arts?
When have fine-arts academies for middle and high school students sprouted in Springfield, Independence and Blue Springs in Missouri?
What did Melinda Malico say confirmed the nation's commitment to having students made grant money available to develop art programs?
Who was Dee Hansen?
Who said, ``This is a new experience for me''?
What selects students based on portfolios and auditions like the 4-year-old state?
Who were the academically proficient and the artistically gifted?
What are funded like other summer programs _ through state reimbursement for attendance in Missouri?
Who did not have a chance to do music or theater?
What can students get one-half credit for high school and three hours of credit through?
What shows that some children learn in ways other than the traditional three R's?
What does no federal law mandate?
What responds to a national objective announced by first lady Hillary Rodham Clinton in 1998 to put high-quality arts education in all schools?
Who was Melinda Malico?
Who worked on a drawing of a mysterious-looking woman wearing a black midriff that showed her navel through a sheer black shawl?
Who learn about how we learn?
Where have fine-arts academies for middle and high school students sprouted in the past four years in Springfield, Independence and Blue Springs?
What can students get one-half credit for through Blue River Community College?
What was modeled after the nationally recognized George Caleb Bingham Fine Arts Academy in the Independence district?
Who explained, ``they get to do their own thing''?
What is Monday?
What did that assessment indicate in?
What does the Blue Springs Academy receive from the Truman Heartland Community Foundation?
What was Kiley sprawled on?
Who visit local museums in addition?
What does the Blue Springs Academy receive support from?
Who said that confirmed the nation's commitment to having students educated in the arts?
What does recent brain research show in?
What offers theater, visual arts, vocal instruction, videography and creative writing?
What do about 55 students attend?
Whose instructor was Tom Creamer?
How many students attend the academy?
What receives support from the Truman Heartland Community Foundation?
What indicated that the nation was falling short in artistic instruction?
What does San Francisco still have?
Who was CA 94120?
Who is San Francisco's former superintendent?
Who do please your vetoes show have the power?
What do you raise _ as San Francisco Unified School District did awhile back?
What was no options?
Who knows you many not think much of anybody who sits on the San Francisco board?
What does a junior high kid spend in?
What did you say you wanted to be ``the education governor'' of?
Who left for Dallas?
What dictates that the more time a junior high kid spends in class, the better chance she or he has to improve learning skills?
What is not thanks to the state?
Who is her electronic mail address?
When may not seem like such a loss?
What is Pete Wilson?
What stand as monuments to your disappointment?
Who said after the pre-dawn budget vote: ``The state is drowning in tax money as school board member''?
Who said you wanted to be ``the education governor'' of California?
What once made some questionable choices?
What does your political record show?
What may that extra hour not seem like?
Who had no choice?
What is salter?
Who spends in class?
Who was P. O. Box 7260?
What was gone too?
What did a one-time windfall get locked into?
What amounts to a measly half-hour of instruction per week for only about half the kids?
What did Jill Wynns say after the pre-dawn budget vote: ``The state is drowning in as school board member''?
What was a one-time windfall?
Who will get rich in the process?
When does it amount?
What do I 've read enough to turn my eyeballs bloody about this stuff:?
What say new laws supersede that?
What 'll they get?
What does San Francisco still have a shred of?
How many next months will you all spend arguing about it?
Who hate this budget?
What did Jill Wynns say after the pre-dawn budget vote: we 're cutting as school board member?
What was it?
What did &UR; &ql;?
What was allocated for public school music programs?
Whose overall learning ability have numerous studies proved for?
What do those vetoes _ worth millions to San Francisco?
What shows you know how to make things happen?
What do please your vetoes show?
Who did you say wanted to be ``the education governor'' of California?
What 'll get the royal shaft?
When does the royal shaft amount?
What did Jill Wynns say after: we 're cutting core, essential programs in San Francisco as school board member?
What too was the money to pay for an extended day, or seventh period, for middle school students?
What is gone from that sum was the money to pay for _ surprise?
Who is Bill Rojas?
What do some say supersede that?
What did a handful of adults once make?
What does your political record show you know?
What still has a shred of a public grammar school music program?
What must strike you as shameful in your heart?
What did a one-time windfall blow into several years ago?
Who is face's predecessor?
What have numerous studies proved for?
What do please your vetoes show you have?
What did we have?
Who did Jill Wynns say after the pre-dawn budget vote: ``The state is drowning in tax money as''?
What blew into the city's budget several years ago?
What does Logic dictate in?
Who did Jill Wynns say after the pre-dawn budget vote: 're cutting core, essential programs in San Francisco as school board member?
Who said after the pre-dawn budget vote: we 're cutting core, essential programs in San Francisco as school board member?
What did you say?
Who will all spend the next 18 months arguing about it?
What does Logic dictate that the more time a junior high kid spends in class, the better chance she or he has to improve?
Who must that fact strike you as in your heart?
Who was San Francisco?
What did Jill Wynns say after the pre-dawn budget vote: ``is drowning in tax money as school board member''?
What was a fluke?
Who does your political record show know how to make things happen?
What must that fact strike you as shameful in?
What was the San Francisco Examiner?
Who did you say you wanted to be?
What did he leave for?
What was the choice?
Who raises academic standards for graduation _ as San Francisco Unified School District did awhile back?
What do those vetoes _ worth millions to San Francisco gave the board little choice but to cut the seventh period and the arts?
What does surprise _ of?
Whose electronic mail address is salter?
What did awhile back?
What do you raise?
Who argue about?
Who do I know many not think much of anybody who sits on the San Francisco board?
What is gimme-the-bleeping-money style?
Who was the Children's Amendment?
What is it not?
What did Jill Wynns say after: ``The state is drowning in tax money as school board member''?
What 'll many lawyers get?
What got locked into the protective arms of Proposition J?
What _ worth millions to San Francisco Unified _ gave the board little choice but to cut the seventh period and the arts?
When will you all spend arguing about it?
Who is half the Capitol?
Who is your predecessor?
Who must that fact strike as shameful in your heart?
Who is Stephanie Salter's electronic mail address?
Who is Pete Wilson?
What do a few of your recent vetoes stand as?
What is why not?
What will many lawyers get rich in?
What was a one-time windfall allocated for?
What do some people say?
What say the state OK 'd and promised that money to the schools and, by law, ought to pay up?
Whose Amendment was Proposition J?
Who 'll get the royal shaft?
What do we hate?
What have proved that visual and musical arts programs increase a child's overall learning ability and make for better, healthier socialization?
What was Proposition J?
What _ what little remained of this city's elementary school arts programs?
What do some people say 'd and promised that money to the schools and, by law, ought to pay up?
What do some say new laws supersede?
What please show you have the power?
What is face?
Who did Jill Wynns say after the pre-dawn budget vote: we 're cutting core, essential programs in San Francisco as?
What do a few of no choice's recent vetoes stand as?
What will the $250,000 help implement the mayor's small, concrete proposals to help bring to the city's citizens?
Who increase the One Percent for Art attached to city construction projects to 1. 5 Percent for Art?
What will Schell ask the city council for from the general fund of next year's budget?
Who said, ``not enough people give the 21 artists a map of what artist and task force member Barbara Thomas's thinking''?
Whose proposals fall short financially of the task force's recommendations?
Who is laying out where he plans to make his mark?
What do Schell increase to 1. 5 Percent for Art?
Who has a new slogan he 'll try out Tuesday: ``Arts Every Day for Everybody?''
What are stations?
What does Schell want the libraries to give citizens specifics about in a clean and direct fashion?
What does Jodee Fenton say about?
What does the mayor want to provide exhibition spaces in neighborhood libraries for neighborhood artists; a music ensemble\/theater arts room to try out new work in the future?
What prefers to continue to distribute arts funding not only through the commission but through community parks, libraries, community centers and the Neighborhood Matching Funds?
What does Schell also have?
What does Jodee Fenton say?
What does Jodee Fenton say not enough people know about?
What does it prefer to continue to distribute not only through the commission but through community parks, libraries, community centers and the Neighborhood Matching Funds?
Who did SEATTLE _ Mayor Paul Schell ride into office as?
Who issued a statement saying he views them as a crucial first step?
What did Licata issue?
Who wants the libraries to give citizens specifics about the arts in a clean and direct fashion?
What do Sandpoint available for smaller performance arts groups renovate on the site?
Who was heavily backed by the city's arts groups?
What does the mayor want the library to provide exhibition spaces in neighborhood libraries for neighborhood artists; to try out new work in the future?
What come in response to the recommendations of the Seattle Arts Task Force Report delivered to the mayor in June?
Who will ask the city council for an additional $250,000 for arts from the general fund of next year's budget?
What will another information source be on TVSEA?
Who did artist and task force member Barbara Thomas say that however modest people may think the mayor's prospals are, are specific on Monday?
What does Schell want the libraries to give citizens specifics about the arts in?
What did SEATTLE _ Mayor Paul Schell ride into as the arts mayor?
What will Schell ask the city council for an additional $250,000 for arts from?
What was the arts mayor heavily backed by?
What renovate the 600-seat theater on the site?
What did the task force recommend in the meantime?
When does the mayor want the library to provide exhibition spaces in neighborhood libraries for neighborhood artists; a music ensemble\/theater arts room to try out new work?
Whose proposals come in response to the recommendations of the Seattle Arts Task Force Report delivered to the mayor in June?
What does the library provide music listening stations for?
Who's against centralization?
What does SEATTLE _ Mayor Paul Schell have?''
What recommended that the city set side 1 percent of the general fund to support the arts commission in the meantime?
What does he have?''
What recommended that the commission become a city department: the city's centralized art source in the meantime?
When did artist and task force member Barbara Thomas say that however modest people may think the mayor's prospals are, they are specific?
What is 206-684-7306?
What does the mayor want the library to provide exhibition spaces in for neighborhood artists; a music ensemble\/theater arts room to try out new work in the future?
What does centralization prefer to continue to distribute not only through the commission but through community parks, libraries, community centers and the Neighborhood Matching Funds?
What will the $250,000 help implement to help bring the arts to the city's citizens?
What does Schell want the libraries to give about the arts in a clean and direct fashion?
What does high tech arts access hire a so-called web-master to link with the schools?
What will Center's Center House be what the major calls a ``black box'' room or theater space also available to arts groups seeking performance venues on?
What are quite bold?
Who issued a statement saying he views proposals to revitalize the city's now creaky commitment to the arts as a crucial first step?
What will also be able to book dates at the Museum of History and Industry and the Langston Hughes Cultural Arts Center?
Who rode into office as the arts mayor?
What will the Seattle Public Library system serve as focal point for?
Who says not enough people know about it?
What does the library provide for public use, as well as an arts information line?
What hires a so-called web-master to link arts groups with the schools?
Who also empower neighborhoods to continue to create their own arts identities?
Whose annoucements were task force members contacted Monday pleased by?
What does the mayor want the library to provide in neighborhood libraries for neighborhood artists; a music ensemble\/theater arts room to try out new work in the future?
What is the arts information line?
When is Schell hosting a live\/work forum for artists besides the possibility of studios for artists at Sandpoint?
What was stalled?
Where do Sandpoint available for smaller performance arts groups renovate the 600-seat theater?
Who said?
What provides music listening stations for public use, as well as an arts information line?
When do Schell's proposals come in response to the recommendations of the Seattle Arts Task Force Report delivered to the mayor?
What does Jodee Fenton say know about it?
Who do Schell's proposals come in response to the recommendations of the Seattle Arts Task Force Report delivered to in June?
What do Schell's proposals fall short financially of?
What is centralizing information about the arts?
What does Schell want to eliminate all red tape?
Who said, ``They give us a map of what he's thinking''?
Who says the library is already providing art access information?
What will go not just to visual artists ' projects but to projects in a range of disciplines?
When will such groups also be able?
Who were task force members contacted Monday pleased by?
What did the task force recommend that the commission become in the meantime?
What will another information source be a revitalized ``Seattle Arts'' program on?
Who also has big ideas for high tech arts access?
What are a piano for practice, and a large collection of scores and recordings?
Who were chosen by Schell and City Council member Nick Licata nine months ago?
Who wants the libraries to eliminate all red tape?
Who said that however modest people may think the mayor's prospals are, they are specific on Monday?
Whose prospals did artist and task force member Barbara Thomas say that however modest people may think are, they are specific on Monday?
What will Schell ask for an additional $250,000 for arts from the general fund of next year's budget?
What do Schell increase the One Percent for Art attached to city construction projects to?
What fall short financially of the task force's recommendations?
What do Schell also empower to continue to create their own arts identities?
Who says not enough people know about the library?
What does Schell want the libraries to eliminate?
Who did artist and task force member Barbara Thomas say that however modest people may think are, they are specific on Monday?
What does Jodee Fenton say is already providing art access information?
What turns out?
Who does high tech arts access hire to link arts groups with the schools?
Who issued a statement saying he was heartened by the mayor's proposals?
Whose prospals did artist and task force member Barbara Thomas say on Monday?
What will help implement the mayor's small, concrete proposals to help bring the arts to the city's citizens?
What will Center's Center House be on the fourth floor of Seattle?
What do Sandpoint available for smaller performance arts groups renovate the 600-seat theater on?
What does Schell want to give citizens specifics about the arts in a clean and direct fashion?
What did the task force recommend that the commission become a city department: the city's centralized art source in?
What does Jodee Fenton say know about the library?
What is the Seattle Arts Commision?
Who will the $250,000 help implement the mayor's small, concrete proposals to help bring the arts to?
What do Schell also empower neighborhoods to continue to create?
Who was out of town?
What did the task force recommend that the city set side 1 percent of the general fund to support in the meantime?
What will be a revitalized ``Seattle Arts'' program on TVSEA?
Who is library coordinator for fine and performing arts?
Whose small, concrete proposals will the $250,000 help implement to help bring the arts to the city's citizens?
How many artists, arts administrators and community activists who made up the the task force were chosen by Schell and City Council member Nick Licata nine months ago?
What did artist and task force member Barbara Thomas say on Monday?
What did artist and task force member Barbara Thomas say that however modest people may think the mayor's prospals are, are specific on Monday?
Who does the mayor want the library to provide exhibition spaces in neighborhood libraries for; a music ensemble\/theater arts room to try out new work in the future?
What does high tech arts access hire a so-called web-master to link arts groups with?
Who wants the library to provide exhibition spaces in neighborhood libraries for neighborhood artists; a music ensemble\/theater arts room to try out new work in the future?
Who is hosting a live\/work forum for artists on Oct. 29 besides the possibility of studios for artists at Sandpoint?
Who were pleased by the mayor's annoucements?
Who is Jodee Fenton?
What does the mayor want the library to provide exhibition spaces in neighborhood libraries for neighborhood artists; a music ensemble\/theater arts room to try out in the future?
What did the task force recommend that the city set side 1 percent of the general fund to support the arts commission in?
What is 206-386-4612?
What is Schell hosting on Oct. 29 besides the possibility of studios for artists at Sandpoint?
What will the Seattle Public Library system serve as for information about the city's arts programs?
What do Schell's proposals come in delivered to the mayor in June?
What will serve as focal point for information about the city's arts programs?
Who were the 21 artists, arts administrators and community activists who made up the the task force chosen by nine months ago?
What does he's against?
What does City Council member Nick Licata's against?
What is Schell hosting a live\/work forum for artists on Oct. 29 besides?
What is another matter?
What does Steele say he found that there was among subjects who listened to nothing, a Mozart sonata and a work of modern composer Philip Glass?
What does Bruer make in ``The Myth of the First Three Years,'' which will be published Sept. 9 by Free Press?
Who agrees?
Who say classical music may be something as simple as people's need to believe that actually gives the theory its power?
Who is cooking dinner or taking her sons, Jack, 41\/2, and Zach on short car trips?
What do critics like Steele say may be something as simple as people's need to believe that actually gives the theory its power?
What does californian Heidi Brende teach?
What _ how there act?
Who is the most well-known?
What does he write that ``. . .?''
Who says, ``both children got no effect''?
What does the music's on in?
What was their performance?
What hinges greatly on people's desire to do something good for their children?
What do parents who play critics like Steele's kids the music of Mozart feel from their belief that they 're helping their child's development?
Who are still clearly in the minority?
Who stepped forward to rebut the theory behind the Mozart effect?
What _ whether it's fast or slow and relaxed _ affects there's mood?
What are Bruer and other naysayers still clearly in?
What do critics like Steele say classical music may be as people's need to believe that actually gives the theory its power?
What makes sense for many Mozart-effect aficionados?
Who says, ``We got no effect''?
What did some researchers step forward to rebut the theory behind?
Who is the theory to?
Who are three of the 15 top-selling classical albums in the country credited to?
What were published in July in ``Psychological Science''?
What comes down to the money?
What do Kenneth Steele believe?
What _ whether it's fast or slow and relaxed _ affects their mood?
What does a psychology professor at North Carolina's Appalachian State University say?
What does he write ``. . . there is no evidence at all for the claims that listening to classical CDs improves children's spatial reasoning skills?''
What does californian Heidi Brende say that classical music helps calm?
What do critics like Steele say as?
What proliferate?
What offer display racks of baby-themed classical CDs?
Who believes it?
Who were equivalent across the board?
When did Mayner grow up?
Who is convinced?
Who am convinced?
How many months is Zach?
How many CDs of classical pieces has Brende ``SmartPlay With Classical'' and ``SmartSleep With Classical,'' that are sold in stores nationwide recorded?
Who is the author whose bestselling 1997 book ``The Mozart Effect'', has become the standard text for those who believe in the effect?
Who is 20 months?
What's on in the car?
Who were played classical music?
Who is the theory that although classical music has a calming effect on anyone, it is especially important to?
Who is ``SmartPlay With Classical'' and ``SmartSleep With Classical,'' that are sold in stores nationwide?
What do parents who play their kids the music of Mozart feel some peace of from their belief that they 're helping their child's development?
What do critics like Steele say classical music may be something as simple as people's need to believe?
What is a theory that classical music can affect the learning capabilities of children 3 and younger?
What is hardly a measure of any sort of long-term brain developmental abilities?
What is Steele?
Who wholeheartedly believes that classical music is good for her kids _ in a variety of ways?
What is this hardly a measure of?
What does Steele say he replicated exactly?
Whose performance was the same?
What does Dallas resident Shaun Mayner play?
Who says Jack starts a two-way conversation with her instead of issuing a series of ``I want'' or ``I need'' demands?
What were the results of Kenneth Steele's study published in July in?
What do critics like Steele say it may be something as simple as people's need to believe?
Who is Dr. John Bruer?
What were these students equivalent across?
Who is Emma?
Who are baby-themed classical CDs as?
Who were asked to immediately do a specific spatial-reasoning task cutting a piece of paper?
Who teaches piano?
What has recorded two CDs of classical pieces?
Who does Steele say he found that there was virtually no difference in performance levels among?
What is very organized?
What does she say, ``I 'm convinced there's something there _ I know''?
Who does the theory make sense for?
What do that structure _?
What does the theory make for many Mozart-effect aficionados?
What do parents who play critics like Steele's kids the music of Mozart feel some peace of from their belief that they 're helping their child's development?
Who plays classical music?
What is she?
What does she say, ``I 'm convinced there's something there _''?
What does the most well-known write ``. . . there is no evidence at all for the claims that listening to classical CDs improves children's spatial reasoning skills?''
Who believe classical music?
When were the results of his study published in ``Psychological Science''?
What do her kids begin to notice the outside world for?
Who grew up in the '60s?
What do numerous stores offer display racks of?
What was college students's performance?
What were college students played?
What is this?
What does he write that ``. . . there is?''
What does Florida toddlers now listen to classical music in public schools _ by law on?
What is Brende?
What did some researchers step forward to rebut behind the Mozart effect?
What do critics like Steele say classical music may be something as simple as?
What toddlers now listen to classical music in public schools _ by law on the national level?
Who says?
Who is president of St. Louis ' McDonnell Foundation?
Who does she say starts a two-way conversation with her instead of issuing a series of ``I want'' or ``I need'' demands?
Who is North Carolina's Appalachian State University?
When is Zach?
What does a psychology professor at North Carolina's Appalachian State University say does not exist?
What does classical music have?
What does Florida toddlers now listen to in public schools _ by law on the national level?
What was the same?
What is Mozart effect?
Who will babies always be born to?
Who says the Mozart effect does not exist?
What is Dr. John Bruer?
What has Brende ``SmartPlay With Classical'' and ``SmartSleep With Classical,'' that are sold in stores nationwide recorded two CDs of?
What do parents who play their kids the music of Mozart feel some peace of mind from?
Who says that classical music helps calm her 2 1\/2- year-old, Carter, and her newborn?
Who is one of thousands of Americans who believe in the Mozart effect?
Who does Steele say he found among?
What does the whole Mozart-effect craze hinge greatly on?
What _ how they act?
What do her kids begin to notice for one thing?
Who begin to notice the outside world for one thing?
What does it all come down to?
Who says, ``I 'm convinced there's something there _ I know it directly affects their behavior''?
Who does Steele say replicated the test exactly?
What are such as ``Baby Needs Mozart''?
What do critics like Steele say it may be as people's need to believe that actually gives the theory its power?
What does Bruer make a case that too much emphasis has been placed on brain development in the first three years of life in?
What does Steele say with but there's something else fueling the rush to Mozart?
What do critics like Steele say it may be something as simple as?
Who say it may be something as simple as people's need to believe that actually gives the theory its power?
What does it's not just mood?
What do numerous stores offer?
Who does she wholeheartedly believe for?
Who says, ``Classical music stimulates the same neural pathways used for complex reasoning tasks''?
Who were asked to immediately do a specific spatial-reasoning task having to do with folding?
Who is her newborn?
What is that although classical music has a calming effect on anyone, it is especially important to young children?
What do I believe?
Who says with a laugh but there's something else fueling the rush to Mozart?
What writes that ``. . . there is no evidence at all for the claims that listening to classical CDs improves children's spatial reasoning skills?''
Who does she wholeheartedly believe that classical music is good for?
What does the most well-known write that ``. . .?''
Who was raised on rock 'n' roll?
What does she say Jack starts?
What handed out free CDs of classical Grammy winners this past spring?
What hinges greatly on people's desire to do something good for people's children?
What is Dr. John Bruer president of?
What was Mayner raised on?
What is she one of?
What has Brende ``SmartPlay With Classical'' and ``SmartSleep With Classical,'' that are sold in stores nationwide recorded?
Who is Don Campbell?
Who feel some peace of mind from their belief that they 're helping their child's development?
What does she say, ``I 'm convinced''?
Who says he replicated the test exactly?
Who says, ``There's a lot of commercial interest here''?
Who writes that ``. . . there is no evidence at all for the claims that listening to classical CDs improves children's spatial reasoning skills?''
What does Florida toddlers now listen to classical music in on the national level?
What do parents who play their kids the music of Mozart feel from their belief that they 're helping their child's development?
What are credited to Don Campbell?
What's not just mood that Mayner, and many other parents, are concerned with?
What does californian Heidi Brende say?
What do parents who play critics like Steele's kids the music of Mozart feel some peace of mind from?
When were the results of Kenneth Steele's study published in ``Psychological Science''?
What were the results of his study published in July in?
What does the most well-known write that ``. . . there is?''
What has a calming effect on anyone?
What have increasingly turned to the city's museums for lessons in art, music and dance for the last two decades?
What are studying?
What was Brownsville?
What have become a permanent part of the city's educational landscape?
What did Terry L. Baker say as?
Who do those artists teach directing?
What do we do?
What may have to work hard to convince parents and even students that they are as important an academic subject as math, reading and science?
What (TRIM? )
What ranges from a few dollars per student?
Who was the arts education specialist at Lotus Music and Dance Studios?
Who said, ``When we do it, it's fun'', ``When we do it, it's fun''?
What is teaching students about the music and dance of different cultures?
What did Hollis Headrick say (OPTIONAL TRIM) ``The question now is not a school does''?
What report tensions with teachers who say the programs occupy too much time?
Who said (OPTIONAL TRIM) ``The question now is not how to put them at the core of everything a school does''?
What do those artists teach students acting in plays as?
Who does the Roundabout Theater send to 40 classrooms in the city for 10 visits each?
When is the enthusiasm for such programs striking?
What did Hollis Headrick say (OPTIONAL TRIM) ``The question now is not how to put them at the core of everything''?
What are parents?
What are truly integrating the arts into their curriculums, a process that requires extra work and money and a willingness to drastically change teaching methods?
What are grants most of?
Who was Katherine Nevarez?
Who is Public School 156 paying about $40,000 this year to incorporate dance into the school's curriculum?
Who teach students directing?
What is striking at a time when city schools are under intense pressure to prepare students for increasingly rigorous standardized tests?
Whose grasp of such ``abstract, emotional and spiritual'' subjects did Terry L. Baker say as?
What are concert halls and theaters?
What did their small hands spiraled and their sneakers thumped as a professional dancer guided them through stomps and whirls in a classroom with mirror?
What have received grants $75,000 a year?
When did they begin to do so?
What do dancing?
What did Katherine Nevarez solemnly say that while the rhythms lingered in her mind all day, dancing was not?
Who do those artists teach writing?
What do most arts organizations charge schools a fee for their expertise for by several teaching artists?
Who was a third grader?
What is not enough to bring the arts into every classroom?
What do you smell so good with she clapped loudly when another student read a poem that began, ``Oh'' dresser drawer?
Who said, ``schools like Public School 156's reading scores have improved every year''?
What are grants?
What does the Roundabout Theater send teaching artists to?
What have schools like Public School 156 increasingly turned to the city's museums for for the last two decades?
When have schools like Public School 156 increasingly turned to the city's museums for lessons in art, music and dance?
Who teach students writing?
Who said that reading and math scores at Public School 156 have improved since the school won an Annenberg grant two years ago?
What is slow even with the infusion of money and the enthusiasm of cultural institutions?
What ties into social studies and language arts lessons on the history and culture of Spain?
When did schools like Public School 156 begin to do so?
What does Arts Education oversee?
What may schools whose principals and teachers highly value the arts have to work hard to convince parents and even students that they are as?
What are the city's museums?
What was Brooklyn?
Who do those artists teach about reading?
Who said, ``When schools like Public School 156 do dancing, it's fun'', ``When we do it, it's fun''?
What does a fee range from?
Who was Terry L. Baker?
Whose mind did the rhythms linger in all day?
Who teach students acting in plays as part of their language arts and social studies curriculums?
Who do it?
When did third-graders at Public School 156 in Brownsville spend an hour last Friday dancing to the urgent flutter of flamenco music in reading?
Who is Public School 156?
Who said, ``It takes so much extra work to start something like this''?
Who began to do so in the 1970s?
What are private foundations joining cultural institutions in spending money on arts education partnerships in?
What is an indispensable part of the curriculum for all 750 students at Public School 156, along with music?
What is Dance?
What have schools like Public School 156 increasingly turned to for lessons in art, music and dance for the last two decades?
Who was executive director of the Center for Arts Education?
What did Katherine Nevarez solemnly say in?
Who are studying?
What mirrored walls and glossy floors?
What did Hollis Headrick say (OPTIONAL TRIM) ``The question now is not whether to teach the arts''?
What has started doing so by introducing standards that outline what students should learn through arts instruction?
What sends teaching artists to 40 classrooms in the city for 10 visits each?
What did Hollis Headrick say (OPTIONAL TRIM) ``The question now is not at a school does''?
Who do those artists teach acting in plays as part of their language arts and social studies curriculums?
What have cultural institutions as large as the New York Philharmonic and as small as neighborhood dance troupes become a permanent part of?
What are private foundations joining in spending money on arts education partnerships in this flush economy?
What do those artists teach students acting in as part of their language arts and social studies curriculums?
Who are the school walls?
What are joining cultural institutions in spending money on arts education partnerships in this flush economy?
Who are grants most of?
What has the school developed a comprehensive arts program in?
What is Public School 156 teaching students about?
What does Carnegie Hall spend close to training teachers to use music in the classroom?
Who told a boy who had put down his pencil after writing one line?
What did Ms. Rodriguez-Torres say?
What is progress in arts education slow even with?
When did the rhythms linger in her mind?
Who said (OPTIONAL TRIM) ``The question now is not how to put language arts at the core of everything a school does''?
What do schools like Public School 156 do?
Who pledged $12 million to New York City schools in 1993 for academic offerings in the arts in a matching-fund program that is to total $36 million?
What was Hollis Headrick executive director of?
What are going to be taken seriously?
Who do you smell so good with your aroma of fried chicken clapped loudly when another student read a poem that began, ``Oh'' dresser drawer?
What is Public School 156, along with music?
What spent an hour last Friday dancing to the urgent flutter of flamenco music After a long morning of drills in reading?
What did the philanthropist Walter Annenberg pledge $12 million to for academic offerings in the arts in a matching-fund program that is to total $36 million?
What lingered in her mind all day?
What is art and creative writing?
Who was the professional dancer?
What is Dance an indispensable part of?
What does Carnegie Hall spend close to $1 million a year training teachers to use in the classroom?
What is to measure student progress with traditional assessment tools?
What are most of schools like Public School 156?
Who teach students about reading?
What did third-graders at Public School 156 in Brownsville spend an hour last Friday dancing to the urgent flutter of flamenco music After a long morning of drills in?
Who solemnly said that while the rhythms lingered in her mind all day, dancing was not her favorite subject?
What oversees the Annenberg partnerships?
Who work intensively with six schools across the city?
When did the rhythms linger in Katherine Nevarez's mind?
What did the philanthropist Walter Annenberg pledge $12 million to New York City schools in 1993 for?
Who was Andrea Del Conte?
Who said (OPTIONAL TRIM) ``The question now is not whether to teach the arts a school does''?
Who said educators still are not sure how to assess a student's grasp of such ``abstract, emotional and spiritual'' subjects as music and painting?
What may schools whose principals and teachers highly value the arts have to work hard to convince parents and even students as?
What are the most motivated schools truly integrating into their curriculums, a process that requires extra work and money and a willingness to drastically change teaching methods?
Who spends close to $1 million a year training teachers to use music in the classroom?
What do some institutions report?
Who did she tell?
What does Flamenco tie into?
What does Carnegie Hall spend close to $1 million a year training teachers to use music in?
Who was an education consultant who is trying to measure the effectiveness of the Annenberg programs?
What did the rhythms linger in all day?
What are most of them?
What have cultural institutions as large as the New York Philharmonic and as small as neighborhood dance troupes become?
How many schools have received grants $75,000 a year?
What did the school win two years ago?
Who was Hollis Headrick?
Who said, ``Our reading scores have improved every year''?
Who smells so good with your aroma of fried chicken she clapped loudly when another student read a poem that began, ``Oh'' dresser drawer?
What lingered in Katherine Nevarez's mind all day?
Who was Verano LaRue?
What are the most motivated schools truly integrating the arts into?
What did Hollis Headrick say (OPTIONAL TRIM) ``The question now is not how to put language arts at the core of everything''?
What is Lotus Music and Dance Studios paying about $40,000 this year to incorporate dance into the school's curriculum?
What do artists from Lotus Music and Dance Studios in Chelsea work intensively with?
Who does Carnegie Hall spend close to $1 million a year training to use music in the classroom?
Where did Hollis Headrick say (OPTIONAL TRIM) ``The question now is not a school does''?
What began to do so in the 1970s?
What won an Annenberg grant two years ago?
What do the rest think?
What should Americans sacrifice a few points in if that is what it takes to inspire more of them to register to vote?
What is working?
What do people want schools to teach conflict resolution by?
If basic skills were undervalued before, what are probably overemphasized now?
What has an elementary school cut back?
What is not measured on standardized exams?
What do less easily tested ones get?
What did the public once trust teachers and administrators to find?
What did teachers eliminate?
What do only 39 percent say should be academics?
What dropped plans for environmental studies because these cannot increase passing rates on statewide exams?
What is it curious that while Americans hold schools increasingly accountable only for test scores, they also insist?
What is violence?
What test-driven curriculums may dilute literacy, not enhance?
What is Va.?
What has plummeted?
If Americans do not equally demand accountability for less easily measured outcomes, what risk the balanced program they seek from public education?
What say it should be academics?
What do more teenagers have?
If Americans do not equally demand accountability for less easily measured outcomes, who risk the balanced program they seek from public education?
Who should sacrifice a few points in seniors ' math scores if that is what it takes to inspire more of them to register to vote?
What do today seek workers with?
If Americans do not equally demand accountability for less easily measured outcomes, what do they risk the balanced program they seek from?
What increasingly confront such dilemmas?
If Americans do not equally demand accountability for less easily measured outcomes, what do they risk they seek from public education?
What is teamwork not measured on?
Who may be schools ' most important activity?
When seek workers with problem-solving skills?
What are accountable only for higher scores?
What must students drop?
What may dilute literacy, not enhance it?
Who does Charlestown High in Boston also enroll?
Who must drop an elective?
If Americans do not equally demand accountability for less easily measured outcomes, who do they risk the balanced program seek from public education?
What once trusted teachers and administrators to find a good balance between math, reading, arts, health and other activities?
What did an elementary school drop plans for because these cannot increase passing rates on statewide exams?
What does society pay for this progress?
What is shorter shrift simpler to test vocabulary than creative writing for?
What does it now require?
Who must decide whether to devote time to mock elections that develop citizenship habits, or to arithmetic and vocabulary practice?
What found that 46 percent of the public wanted schools ' main emphasis to be training students to ``take responsibility?''
What cannot increase passing rates on statewide exams?
What do people want to teach conflict resolution by negotiation?
What pays a price for this progress?
Who inevitably emphasize more easily testable skills?
Who will prosper if graduates have higher scores, but are overweight?
What may academics be?
What now requires extra drills in basics?
What test-driven curriculums may dilute, not enhance it?
What do not assess important nonacademic competencies?
What are rising?
What did teachers eliminate student discussions and debates of?
Who hold schools increasingly accountable only for test scores?
Who do only 39 percent say it should be?
What can these not increase passing rates on?
What is negotiation?
What get shorter shrift?
What may they not always have gotten right?
What must Teachers decide to?
Who eliminated student discussions and debates of social issues?
What want schools to teach conflict resolution by negotiation?
What do the rest think teaching cooperation should have?
What can the public not debate if schools are accountable only for basic skills results?
Who did the public once trust to find a good balance between math, reading, arts, health and other activities?
What is it curious only for?
Who also enrolls disadvantaged youth?
What do Americans also want to teach citizenship, healthful lifestyles and creativity?
What did a recent Gallup poll find?''
What may not always have gotten the public right?
Who also want schools to teach citizenship, healthful lifestyles and creativity?
What have standardized tests improved?
Who have fatty diets?
What does pressure to raise scores tell to de-emphasize cooperative, project-based learning because teamwork is not measured on standardized exams?
What is it simpler to test vocabulary than creative writing for?
What do people want schools to teach by negotiation?
If basic skills were undervalued before, who are probably overemphasized now?
Whose math scores should Americans sacrifice a few points in if that is what it takes to inspire more of them to register to vote?
What are schools accountable only for?
What does curriculum planning require weighing?
What may tests not always have gotten right?
What tells schools to de-emphasize cooperative, project-based learning because teamwork is not measured on standardized exams?
What do Americans also want schools to teach?
If Americans do not equally demand accountability for less easily measured outcomes, what do they risk the balanced program from?
What should Americans sacrifice in seniors ' math scores if that is what it takes to inspire more of them to register to vote?
What may be closed if scores do not improve?
If Americans do not equally demand accountability for less easily measured outcomes, what do they risk the balanced program seek from public education?
What do Americans hold increasingly accountable only for test scores?
What do teachers inevitably emphasize?
Who are less likely to schedule the elections?
What has soared?
What can these not increase on statewide exams?
What think teaching cooperation should have priority?
What do only 39 percent say?
What did a recent Gallup poll find that 46 percent of the public wanted to be training students to ``take responsibility?''
What may not achieve a good balance either?
What does the Academy of Communications and Technology now require?
What do schools increasingly confront?
Who do today seek with problem-solving skills?
What may dilute literacy, not enhance shorter shrift?
What test-driven curriculums may dilute, not enhance shorter shrift?
What may today's data-driven accountability systems not achieve either?
What cannot debate these choices if schools are accountable only for basic skills results?
What do tests not assess?
What is curious that while Americans hold schools increasingly accountable only for test scores, they also insist that schools do more?
What has cut back music assemblies?
What did an elementary school drop for environmental studies because these cannot increase passing rates on statewide exams?
Who now study precalculus, biology, chemistry and physics?
What has doubled math and English requirements for half its ninth-graders because they cannot graduate without passing state exams?
What have improved many American schools?
What may not always have gotten it right?
What is Waterford?
What has it doubled because they cannot graduate without passing state exams?
Who may not always have gotten it right?
What does society pay a price for?
What requires weighing alternatives?
What should Americans sacrifice a few points in seniors ' math scores if that is?
What do the rest think should have priority?
What is simpler to test vocabulary than creative writing for example?
What do Americans hold schools increasingly accountable only for?
What is whose becomes more complicated in the United States?
What would Fidel Castro get?
What did my bus pass by?
What is smoothed out?
What is the classical European tradition arriving by way of North America?
Who did Cubans go to to study?
What is complex the ritual of that it has generated a whole new industry with offices in Toronto and Havana?
What was Cuba _?
Who did they bring it with?
What did Cubans go to them to?
What is Jonathan Watts president of?
Who is president of the company?
What did have its grateful audience of conservatory students?
What may the last argument be in?
What can similar questions be argued in teeming with live popular music?
Who would get the proceeds of the gates at baseball games?
What do Jonathan Watts suggest ``The Enigma of'' by V. S. Naipul to anyone interested in the question of aborigine and interloper?
Where is it based alone?
Whose bus passed by a big curbside band including oboes and a cello?
What are lots of technique?
What do most of these musicians seem bland to?
Who did the breakup of the Soviet Union deprive not only of heavy machinery and export credits but also of a link to Central and East European musical tradition?
Who is the whole new industry?
Who went to them to study?
What are there to be heard?
Who said, ``They tried to politicize everything''?
What has responded by hiring people here to run its office?
What is complex the ritual of cultural exchange with?
Who have an easier time of it here: officially friends, not enemies?
What do I suggest ``The Enigma of'' by V. S. Naipul to anyone interested in the question of aborigine and interloper?
What do Jonathan Watts wish I had heard play?
What is Music education big in?
What did german, Hungarian and Polish immigrants in the 19th century not import?
What has as much a proprietary claim to original Americanness as the country's own black tradition?
What brought it with them?
What do I wish?
Who is Jonathan Watts?
What did Europe come to?
What seem to go with every place that sells a drink or food to eat?
What are Arts exchanges?
What do I suggest to anyone interested in the question of aborigine and interloper?
What did german, Hungarian and Polish immigrants in the 19th century bring with them?
What are lots of style?
Who wishes I had heard them play?
What is complex that it has generated a whole new industry with offices in Toronto and Havana?
Who did not import classical music?
What is Canada-Cuba Sports and Cultural Festivals?
What is classical music?
Who do I wish had heard them play?
What came to this island, and the genetic memory of that coming survives?
What did Cubans go to to study?
What is this based on alone?
Who said, ``Watts tried to politicize everything''?
Whose worst Cuban-American experience was the recent visit of the Baltimore Orioles?
Who might find here the latest colonialist plot to impose the will of foreigners on local sensibilities?
Who reports that officials here are no harder to deal with than any others?
What are lots of technique lots of?
Who could classical music in Cuba use?
Who does the University of Colorado send?
Who did german, Hungarian and Polish immigrants in the 19th century bring classical music with?
Who suggests ``The Enigma of Arrival'' by V. S. Naipul to anyone interested in the question of aborigine and interloper?
What was the closest thing to an American orchestra visiting here a year or so ago before the Milwaukee concerts in Havana?
Who have an easier time of this here: officially friends, not enemies?
What do one more way to describe Milwaukee in Havana picture an American orchestra with Liszt and Strauss as?
What is one more way to describe Milwaukee in Havana?
What is complex the ritual of cultural exchange that it has generated with offices in Toronto and Havana?
Maybe if we close our eyes and imagine a colonial superpower steaming across the Gulf of Mexico, what makes more sense?
Where is this based alone?
What did this add up to?
What passed by a big curbside band including oboes and a cello?
What are Arts exchanges only part of?
What did the Milwaukee Symphony have?
What do Jonathan Watts suggest to anyone interested in the question of aborigine and interloper?
Who are archaeologists; the University of Wisconsin?
Who brought it with them?
What does Jonathan Watts report that telephones and telecommunications are in?
What added up to about $50?
If anybody what did tribes get their territory in?
Who did the Milwaukee Symphony have its grateful audience of?
What was the closest thing to an American orchestra visiting here a youth ensemble from New England a year or so ago before?
Who were older music lovers and children?
What did HAVANA The Milwaukee Symphony's recent mission to this city look different to?
Who were conservatory students?
What was Watts ' worst Cuban-American experience the recent visit of?
What may arrive not by way of New York or Vienna concert halls but from the streets of Latin America?
Who do Jonathan Watts wish had heard oboes and a cello play?
Who are nurses and nursing know-how?
What did german, Hungarian and Polish immigrants in the 19th century bring classical music with?
What was the image of a small and isolated enclave not far off with?
What is this?
What may be in trouble?
Who suggest ``The Enigma of Arrival'' by V. S. Naipul to anyone interested in the question of aborigine and interloper?
What seems far?
What picture an American orchestra with Liszt and Strauss as its imports?
What do one more way to describe Milwaukee in Havana picture as its imports?
What do Jonathan Watts wish?
What is the trip?
What is big in Cuba?
What did they bring with them?
Who made a nice change?
What does well Cuba have?
What is based on Cuba alone?
What are 30 years old and in disrepair?
What does Jonathan Watts report in?
What might a more paranoid Cuban find?
Who came here to teach?
What do I wish I had heard play?
Who do I wish I had heard play?
If anybody where did tribes get their territory?
What was Watts ' worst Cuban-American experience?
What would Fidel Castro get the proceeds of?
What defines the island's long history of occupation and exploitation?
What are sandpapered clean?
What do I suggest ``The Enigma of Arrival'' by V. S. Naipul to?
What well has its own symphony orchestras?
What is this not?
What sends archaeologists; the University of Wisconsin?
What is big in Cuban schools?
What could use a little rescuing?
Where is the word ``colonial'' big?
Who went to czech and Soviet teachers to study?
What was the recent visit of the Baltimore Orioles?
What is the divide between cultures more vivid in Cuba, given?
What can any ``native'' music be shredded into originally from somewhere else of course?
If anybody what did tribes get in the first place?
What did they bring it with?
What was HAVANA?
What was a youth ensemble from New England a year or so ago before the Milwaukee concerts in Havana?
What did Cubans go to czech and Soviet teachers to?
What does the word ``colonial'' define the island's long history of?
What do Jonathan Watts suggest ``The Enigma of Arrival'' by V. S. Naipul to?
What can any ``native'' music be shredded into many musics originally from somewhere else of?
What can be shredded into many musics originally from somewhere else of course?
What were the players I came across good indeed:?
What was not far off with the incessant hum of another music all around it?
What is the ritual of cultural exchange that it has generated a whole new industry with offices in Toronto and Havana?
What is not a sideline enterprise?
What did Liszt and Strauss played by a major orchestra make?
What are only part of the business?
What is it based on alone?
What is a marginal affectation?
What do trios and quartets of guitarists and singers seem to go with?
When does the word ``colonial'' define?
Who do Canadians have an easier time of this here: officially?
What do Canadians have an easier time of here: officially friends, not enemies?
What has responded by building its own private network of phones, faxes and e-mail?
What was not far off with the incessant hum of another music all around the Milwaukee Symphony?
What looked different to different people?
Who brought classical music with them?
What were either free or cost 5 cents?
What can be argued in the public spaces of Havana teeming with live popular music?
Who were good indeed: lots of technique?
What is complex the ritual of cultural exchange that it has generated a whole new industry with?
What is the word ``colonial'' big in?
When do Canadians have here: officially friends, not enemies?
What deprived Cubans not only of heavy machinery and export credits but also of a link to Central and East European musical tradition?
Who seem bland next to the gritty intricacy of ``The Buena Vista Social Club''?
Who does Jonathan Watts report with?
What is whose music?
Who reports that telephones and telecommunications are in bad shape?
Who do Canadians have an easier time of it here: officially?
What does european music have as much?
Who wish I had heard oboes and a cello play?
What did Jonathan Watts's bus pass by?
If anybody what got their territory in the first place?
What did she use it to make up with them?
Who were more predictable music?
What listened to music?
Who say that music sharpens children's concentration and makes children brighter and livelier?
What does St. Louis finance?
Who do those advocates say for, they need to make music themselves?
What did groups of children drift over to?
Who did she use it to make up songs with?
What did Hetland conduct two comprehensive analyses of as part of Project Zero's Reviewing Education in the Arts Project?
What seemed like the latest mega-vitamin: a little hard to swallow?
What did Hetland conduct as part of Project Zero's Reviewing Education in the Arts Project?
What did the class illustrate?
Who said ``I do not know how to sing''?
What have the researchers analyzed babies ' responses to, showing?
What help illustrate groups of numbers?
Whose natural voice is like finding herself?
Who need spatial skills?
Who did Hetland say Music with a complex structure and rhythm won out over?
What did they score higher on after they heard Mozart, Schubert and Mendelssohn than under any other conditions by Philip Glass, Pearl Jam and other rock groups?
Who 're not sure why?
What have the instruments been packed away by?
Who would benefit?
What are the arts taught ``through the curriculum'' in?
Who are these?
What received either passive music instruction, computerized reading and arithmetic instruction or no special instruction?
What is studying how music works in the brain?
Who was the brain?
Who sang?
Who proposed in 1998 providing the parents of every Georgia newborn with a classical music cassette or compact disc?
What jumped highest of all?
What do critics portray seemed to fall on?
What did Pearl Jam define as the ability to conceive of?
Whose brains did Bruer argue that no one need rush to program music or anything else into?
How many preschool and elementary school children who participated in 15 different studies did it involve?
What did they take?
Who was the chancellor of New York City's public schools?
Who have long claimed that music bestows a bouquet of benefits upon children?
Who can enhance people's spatial ability through a program of music instruction?
What do surgeons need?
What were rhythm sticks and cymbals?
Who did Teresa Niss say ``do not know how to sing''?
What did she use it to make up songs with?
What did Teresa Niss find?
What do they really rely on?
Who did Teresa Niss use a xylophone on the floor to make up songs with?
Who consistently found higher spatial-reasoning scores correlating with keyboard and xylophone instruction for elementary school children?
What are researchers mustering data to counter?
What also has its place in the new emphasis on musicmaking?
Who moved on to the next child?
What was especially in relation to infants?
What are kids whose parents cannot afford the time or the money to take them to piano lessons?
Who argued that no one need rush to program music or anything else into babies ' brains?
Who did Neelly ask to take turns singing their names as Teresa Niss beat the rhythm on a tambourine?
What are drawn?
What did Bruer argue to?
When has Rauscher conducted Pearl Jam's own research?
What was one technique to ask the teachers to sing in a higher key than normal so that children could replicate the sound for?
Who did Gov. Zell Miller propose in 1998 providing?
What is the Journal published by?
What moved to its rhythms?
What did Teresa Niss repeat what each child had sung in?
Who arrive ready to join the band?
Who must also become musicmakers?
What did Gordon L. Shaw and Frances H. Rauscher show on in the original 1993 study?
What was to ask the teachers to sing in a higher key than normal so that children could replicate the sound for example?
What did Teresa Niss say ?
What is about to be fired?
What did he say, ``Just because there's an association does not mean''?
Who played percussion instruments like triangles?
What would be the ideal place to start?
Who said, ``This does give music education advocates a lobbying tool''?
What do these really rely on?
Who 've got to show that the effect is specific to music?
Who moved to classical music's rhythms?
Who enticed the children into a musical conversation as they drew or worked on group activities?
What did Neelly ask to take turns singing their names as she beat the rhythm on a tambourine?
What did Hetland's second analysis show?
Who defined spatial skill as the ability to understand the placement of objects and images in two- or three-dimensional space?
Who did Pearl Jam say the keyboard training also helped pick up English unusually fast, a language effect she expects to document in a nearly completed study?
What does singing also have?
Who was Teresa Niss?
What did Teresa Niss use a xylophone on the floor to make up with them?
Who 're not tapping in?
What did she say the keyboard training also helped immigrant Hispanic children in Queens pick up English unusually fast, ?
What facilitate reading?
What did she beat on a tambourine?
Who did Neelly move on to?
Who did Neelly gather in a circle?
Who repeated what each child had sung in a clear and melodious voice?
What was his book?
Who showed that a small group of college students performed better on certain spatial-reasoning tests after listening to a Mozart sonata in the original 1993 study?
What did Niss say'' after their exposure to the music program like Lercari?
What involves reading music?
What have been packed away by schools that no longer use them?
What finances research in neuroscience and cognition?
Who did college students hear Mozart, Schubert and Mendelssohn than under any other conditions by?
What was ripe for puncturing?
What does the thinking prove from?
What keeps controversy bubbling in the overlapping fields of cognitive science and early-childhood education?
Who found her natural voice?
Who say that music sharpens children's concentration and makes them brighter and livelier?
Who was elated by the advance news of Hetland's report?
Who said, ``children have seen changes in children's language development faster than we normally would''?
Who drew or worked on group activities?
What are taught ``through the curriculum'' in some middle and high schools?
Whose second analysis showed that?
Who did they hear than under any other conditions by Philip Glass, Pearl Jam and other rock groups?
What say that music sharpens children's concentration and makes them brighter and livelier?
What do musical counts help illustrate groups of?
What have some high-profile allies?
Who were the children who can benefit most from them?
Who scored higher on spatial-reasoning tests after they heard Mozart, Schubert and Mendelssohn than under any other conditions by Philip Glass, Pearl Jam and other rock groups?
Who has conducted Pearl Jam's own research since 1993?
Whose responses have the researchers analyzed to lullabies, as well as their awareness of pitch and rhythm, showing?
Who listened to music?
What are the arts taught ``through'' in some middle and high schools?
Who said, ``Every child has innate musical capacity''?
What were repetitious?
What does the keyboard training involve reading?
What was Rauscher elated by?
Who listened to several different kinds in the first analysis?
Who is a former concert cellist who is now an assistant professor of cognitive development at the University of Wisconsin at Oshkosh?
What did Neelly gather kindergarten students in?
Who did Frances H. Rauscher serve the Arts Project as?
What is one of civilization's great gifts?
Whose own research has Rauscher conducted since 1993?
What did Bruer argue that no one need rush to program music or anything else into?
Who has conducted her own research since 1993?
What did Teresa Niss say that if kindergarten children are learning about the letter, they may sing?
What were triangles?
What did Frances H. Rauscher serve as manager?
What did Neelly ask college students to take turns singing as Teresa Niss beat the rhythm on a tambourine?
What did each child entice the children into as they drew or worked on group activities?
Who is an associate professor of psychology at the University of Toronto?
Who gathered kindergarten students in a circle?
What do they say?
Who asked college students to take turns singing their names as Teresa Niss beat the rhythm on a tambourine?
What was the Mozart data absorbed into?
Who did she say the keyboard training also helped pick up English unusually fast, a language effect she expects to document in a nearly completed study?
Who served the Arts Project as manager?
What have the researchers analyzed to lullabies, as well as their awareness of pitch and rhythm, showing?
Who joined in?
What does the thinking prove its ancillary benefits might save from the budgetary ax wielded by those who regard music as an expensive luxury unrelated to reading?
What is an array of scientists studying in?
What took piano lessons?
What illustrated Neelly's view that music should flow naturally throughout the school day?
What drew or worked on group activities?
Who beat the rhythm on a tambourine?
Who asked them to take turns singing their names as she beat the rhythm on a tambourine?
Who was Harold O. Levy?
What did Teresa Niss repeat in a clear and melodious voice?
What is Dr. E. Glenn Schellenberg skeptical about?
What did children play like triangles?
What did Gov. Zell Miller propose in 1998 providing the parents of?
What would a prekindergarten program be?
What sang?
What can you enhance people's spatial ability through?
What did Teresa Niss use a xylophone on the floor to make up songs with?
What is 35 percent Hispanic?
What did children take?
What did Hetland say nn &QL; The gap between the before-and-after scores on spatial-reasoning tests of the children who received active music instruction was much greater than?
Who used it to make up songs with them?
What did she say also helped immigrant Hispanic children in Queens pick up English unusually fast, a language effect she expects to document in a nearly completed study?
What did children listen to?
Who are mustering data to counter those who are intent on debunking the ``Mozart effect'' _ the theory that classical music makes the brain work better _?
Who really rely on the public schools for this?
What did she say ?
What was Dr. John Bruer's book?
What played percussion instruments like triangles?
Who did Neelly ask to take turns singing their names as she beat the rhythm on a tambourine?
Who was silent when one technique was Teresa Niss's turn to sing her name in a White Plains classroom?
Who heard Mozart, Schubert and Mendelssohn than under any other conditions by Philip Glass, Pearl Jam and other rock groups?
Where are the arts taught ``through the curriculum''?
What has not been done?
Who rushed to improve those new brains?
What suggests that those instruments should be hauled out and tuned up?
Who are surgeons?
What did she beat the rhythm on?
Who say that it is good to sit children in an auditorium and present them with a well-played rendition of ``Peter and the Wolf?''
What did they play percussion instruments like?
What can Dr. John Bruer enhance people's spatial ability through?
Who have analyzed babies ' responses to lullabies, as well as their awareness of pitch and rhythm, showing?
What did the control groups receive?
Who said Music with a complex structure and rhythm won out over repetitious?
Who said, ``I think that to ignore these findings is really to do a disservice to the children who can benefit most from them''?
What does the thinking prove might save music programs from the budgetary ax wielded by those who regard music as an expensive luxury unrelated to reading?
What do they 've got to show that the effect is specific to?
What have (END OPTIONAL TRIM) Music educators long claimed that music bestows upon children?
Who 're not finding ways to develop that ability?
What was ``The Myth of the First Three Years,'' published last fall by Free Press?
What must classroom teachers also become?
Who did each child entice into a musical conversation as they drew or worked on group activities?
What did Rauscher consistently find?
What did she say ``I do not know''?
What do they have?
What do we 're not finding?
What was most likely malleable for life?
Who is Rauscher one of?
What did Teresa Niss beat the rhythm on?
Who added, ``music could be special, ``Who knows''?
Who do educators like Lercari regard as their spokeswoman?
What did she define as the ability to understand the placement of objects and images in two- or three-dimensional space?
Who did she say ``do not know how to sing''?
Who have (END OPTIONAL TRIM) Music educators long claimed that music bestows a bouquet of benefits upon?
Who do those advocates say for children to benefit most, need to make music themselves?
When did some children receive?
What did Teresa Niss say about?
Who said that Hispanic children arriving in school without knowledge of English ``are acquiring the language more quickly'' after their exposure to the music program like Lercari?
Who is skeptical about the Project Zero report?
What did they move to?
What did Pearl Jam define spatial skill as?
What did she repeat in a clear and melodious voice?
What addresses college students as well as preschool and elementary-school children?
Who does Hetland's work address as well as preschool and elementary-school children?
What did they listen to?
Who was coordinator of fine arts programs in the White Plains schools?
What do musical counts help illustrate?
What did she say?
Who did Hetland say was much greater than the gaps in the scores of the children in the control groups?
What did more than 2,000 college students participating in 31 studies listen to several different kinds in?
What did Sony produce?
Who cautioned against distorting her team's modest findings?
What did Neelly ask them to take singing their names as she beat the rhythm on a tambourine?
What do they 've got to show to?
What proves its ancillary benefits might save music programs from the budgetary ax wielded by those who regard music as an expensive luxury unrelated to reading?
How many college students participating in 31 studies listened to several different kinds in the first analysis?
Who is one of the original Mozart-effect researchers?
Who defined spatial skill as the ability to conceive of?
Whose brains did Bruer argue to?
Who did the first analysis involve?
What did she serve as manager?
What has Rauscher conducted since 1993?
Who did she serve the Arts Project as?
What was the Mozart hype especially in?
Who conducted two comprehensive analyses of all the known studies of the subject as part of Project Zero's Reviewing Education in the Arts Project?
Who did Rauscher say, ``I think to''?
Who was president of the McDonnell Foundation in St. Louis?
Who did it involve?
What did the test scores of children who learned to read notes on a musical staff jump?
What did Niss say that Hispanic children arriving in school without knowledge of English ``are acquiring the language more quickly'' after like Lercari?
What was to show some music teachers how?
What did Pearl Jam say?
What sang together later?
What did Teresa Niss use to make up songs with them?
Whose book was ``The Myth of the First Three Years,'' published last fall by Free Press?
What did Hetland say won out over repetitious?
What involved 700 preschool and elementary school children who participated in 15 different studies?
What does a report that will appear in the fall issue of the Journal of Aesthetic Education suggest?
What did they play like triangles?
Who is Dr. E. Glenn Schellenberg?
Who said that if kindergarten children are learning about the letter, they may sing songs about snakes and starfish?
What do children 're not finding?
What drifted over to a xylophone on the floor?
Who said, ``We have seen changes in children's language development faster than we normally would''?
What did Bruer argue that no one need rush to into babies ' brains?
Who is Rauscher?
What are impatient with the plodding scientific approach?
What is like finding herself?
If music's beauty and mystery fail to impress cost-conscious school boards, what goes?
What did Teresa Niss say that if kindergarten children are learning about the letter, they may sing songs about?
Who have (END OPTIONAL TRIM) Music educators long claimed upon?
Who received weekly 15-minute periods of active music instruction, both individually and in groups?
What do advocates of music in the schools say in?''
What do researchers have?
What can you enhance through a program of music instruction?
Who said ``Dr. E. Glenn Schellenberg do not know how to sing''?
What did parents rush to improve?
Who are engineers and archaeologists?
What did she define spatial skill as?
What did Gov. Zell Miller cite?
How many comprehensive analyses of all the known studies of the subject did Hetland conduct as part of Project Zero's Reviewing Education in the Arts Project?
What do (END OPTIONAL TRIM) Music educators say?
What are researchers mustering to counter those who are intent on debunking the ``Mozart effect'' _ the theory that classical music makes the brain work better _?
Whose concentration do they say?
Whose concentration do (END OPTIONAL TRIM) Music educators say?
Who do?
Who was silent when it was her turn to sing her name in a White Plains classroom?
What did she define as the ability to conceive of?
What is published by the University of Illinois Press?
What did classical music seem like to swallow?
What heard Mozart, Schubert and Mendelssohn than under any other conditions by Philip Glass, Pearl Jam and other rock groups?
What 've got to show that the effect is specific to music?
Who used a xylophone on the floor to make up songs with them?
What does the thinking prove its ancillary benefits might save music programs from?
Who took piano lessons?
What was absorbed into current views of cognitive development?
Who did they hear Mozart, Schubert and Mendelssohn than under any other conditions by?
What is music?
What does that lack of an explanation for the demonstrated benefit of music instruction keep?
What was to show them how?
What did Dr. E. Glenn Schellenberg say, ``Just because there's an association does not mean''?
Who have some high-profile allies?
Who was Bruer?
What is Dr. E. Glenn Schellenberg an associate professor of at the University of Toronto?
What did children play percussion instruments like?
Who regard Rauscher as their spokeswoman?
What did Pearl Jam say the keyboard training also helped immigrant Hispanic children in Queens pick up English unusually fast, ?
Who said, ``Just because there's an association does not mean it's causal''?
What have (END OPTIONAL TRIM) Music educators long claimed that music bestows a bouquet of upon children?
What did the test scores of children who learned to read notes on a musical staff jump highest of?
Who did college students hear than under any other conditions by Philip Glass, Pearl Jam and other rock groups?
What is music one of?
What did Hetland conduct two comprehensive analyses of all the known studies of the subject as?
What does a report that will appear in the fall issue of the Journal of Aesthetic Education suggest that those instruments should be?
When did Gov. Zell Miller propose providing the parents of every Georgia newborn with a classical music cassette or compact disc?
What did she repeat what each child had sung in?
Whose work addresses college students as well as preschool and elementary-school children?
When has Rauscher conducted her own research?
Who portray seemed to fall on the small shoulders of Aifa?
How many preschool and elementary school children who participated in 15 different studies did the first analysis involve?
Who say for children to benefit most, they need to make music themselves?
What really rely on the public schools for this?
What did Pearl Jam define as the ability to understand the placement of objects and images in two- or three-dimensional space?
What do those advocates say for children to benefit most, need to make music themselves?
What did Teresa Niss say ``Dr. E. Glenn Schellenberg do not know''?
Who does Hetland's work address college students as well as?
Who cited the Mozart effect?
What did she use to make up songs with them?
Who produced the albums free?
Whose view that music should flow naturally throughout the school day did the class illustrate?
What scored higher on spatial-reasoning tests after they heard Mozart, Schubert and Mendelssohn than under any other conditions by Philip Glass, Pearl Jam and other rock groups?
Who moved to its rhythms?
What did more than 2,000 college students participating in 31 studies listen to in the first analysis?
What did Neelly ask them to take turns singing as she beat the rhythm on a tambourine?
Who said, ``Spatial instruction is a great way to teach math''?
What did she find?
What was Harold O. Levy the chancellor of?
What showed that?
What did Teresa Niss beat on a tambourine?
What did Neelly ask college students to take singing their names as Teresa Niss beat the rhythm on a tambourine?
What did children move to?
Who were especially disadvantaged children?
What can Dr. John Bruer enhance through a program of music instruction?
Who do educators like Lercari regard Rauscher as?
What was Bruer president of?
Whose attitudes toward other subjects did Arnold Aprill of the Chicago Arts Partnerships in Education say in?
What did she say music has?
Who did not find any solid evidence that music, art and dance improve reading, or that classes in the arts improve test scores?
What did Holly Rose say music has?
What does a Harvard study released Wednesday cast doubt on the link between the arts and academic achievement in?
What did they not find?
What does Hetland say that art deserve in the curriculum on their own merits?
Who does Hetland say's a strong supporter of art and music classes?
What read better or score higher on tests?
What did little proof that music and art classes help students read better or score higher on?
What does a Harvard study released Wednesday cast on the link between the arts and academic achievement in findings that will dismay some arts advocates?
What do some arts educators insist?
What did advocates for school art and music classes try to reverse decades of budget cuts by?
What do the arts become integrated into?
Trying to reverse decades of budget cuts by cost-conscious school boards what did advocates for school art and music classes begin pointing to to bolster their arguments?
What did some arts advocates not find?
Who says that they deserve a place in the curriculum on their own merits?
Who do not ask history to justify itself on the basis of whether it raises English scores?
Who discovered a connection between music and spatial thinking and between drama and verbal skills such as reading, writing, and oral understanding?
What suggests they should take a different tack?
Trying to reverse decades of budget cuts by cost-conscious school boards who began pointing to the Wisconsin study and others like it to bolster their arguments?
What even began handing out classical music CD's to new mothers?
What does the Harvard study suggest should take a different tack?
What did she say's valuable on its own?
Who was Hetland and co-author?
What does Hetland say she's a strong supporter of?
Who reasoned?
Who said history's valuable on its own?
What did she say has a developmental impact?
Who said the connection between music and thinking defies measurement?
What did University of Wisconsin researchers link to IQ six years ago?
When did advocates for school art and music classes try to reverse by cost-conscious school boards?
What suggests some arts advocates should take a different tack?
Who insist that music and art classes can affect overall student achievement?
What does the Harvard study suggest they should take?
What do some arts advocates not ask history to justify on the basis of whether it raises English scores?
What did not find any solid evidence that music, art and dance improve reading, or that classes in the arts improve test scores?
When do some arts advocates not ask to justify itself on the basis of whether it raises English scores?
What reasoned?
Who did Georgia and a handful of other states even begin handing out classical music CD's to?
What did she say?
What did the study spawn a cottage industry of classical music videotapes and CD's designed to help infants, or even fetuses, think better despite?
Who does the Harvard study suggest should take a different tack?
What does Hetland say in?
What become integrated into the curriculum?
Who was a psychologist affiliated with Harvard's Graduate School of Education?
What do some arts educators insist that music and art classes can affect?
What did Rose say ``Music really enhances''?
When do we not ask to justify itself on the basis of whether it raises English scores?
What does Hetland say that they deserve in the curriculum on their own merits?
Who linked music to IQ six years ago?
What does Hetland say that art deserve a place in?
What is not strong enough to support that argument?
What did Rose say ``really enhances the learning experience''?
Who said ``Music really enhances the learning experience''?
What does the Harvard study suggest?
What did study co-author Lois Hetland say history's valuable on?
Who has been introducing children to music and dance for 20 years?
What casts doubt on the link between the arts and academic achievement in findings that will dismay some arts advocates?
Who says that art deserve a place in the curriculum on their own merits?
What did Rose say ?
What does the Harvard study suggest some arts advocates should take?
What do we not ask history to justify on the basis of whether it raises English scores?
What has sparked widespread interest ever since University of Wisconsin researchers linked music to IQ six years ago?
What did Hetland and co-author discover thinking and between drama and verbal skills such as reading, writing, and oral understanding?
What did Harvard researchers find?
What did Holly Rose say?
What was harmony and melodies of the music all?
What does Hetland say that they deserve a place in?
Who does Hetland say she's?
What was the rhythm?
Who tried to reverse decades of budget cuts by cost-conscious school boards?
What did advocates for school art and music classes try to reverse decades of by cost-conscious school boards?
Who said music has a developmental impact?
Who says she's a strong supporter of art and music classes?
What has the idea sparked ever since University of Wisconsin researchers linked music to IQ six years ago?
What did University of Wisconsin researchers link music to six years ago?
Who found some evidence that playing and listening to music improves spatial thinking?
What did she say it's valuable on?
Who said expanding the arts in Chicago schools has improved students ' attitudes toward other subjects, spurred parents to get more involved, and even raised test scores?
What do we not ask history to justify itself on?
Who said, ``We 're not saying do not use the arts in presenting other topics''?
Who was Ellen Winner?
Who said, ``The rhythm create different perceptions and sensations within different regions of the brain''?
What did Georgia and a handful of other states even begin handing out to new mothers?
What does Hetland say?
Who said it's valuable on its own?
What does a Harvard study released Wednesday cast doubt on in findings that will dismay some arts advocates?
What did the study spawn despite warnings from the Wisconsin researchers not to read too much into the results?
Who was study co-author Lois Hetland?
What did Arnold Aprill of the Chicago Arts Partnerships in Education say in?
What did Holly Rose say has a developmental impact?
What do some arts advocates not ask history to justify itself on?
When did study co-author Lois Hetland say's valuable on its own?
What did the study spawn a cottage industry of despite warnings from the Wisconsin researchers not to read too much into the results?
What did one concert feature the Henan Philharmonic Orchestra playing works by?
When were the young listeners given information about each composer?
When were the young listeners taught how to appreciate a symphony?
What do the sponsors of these activities hope that by providing young people access to classical music and opera, and dramatic works, they will turn away from?
What is Zhengzhou the capital city of?
Who was the project launched by the city government three months ago for?
What were the young listeners taught during the evening?
What were local colleges?
Who were told how the different instruments work during the evening?
What is Zhengzhou?
When did sources say have also helped nurture civilized manners and moral conduct in young people?
Who were the young listeners given information about during the evening?
What do the sponsors of these activities hope from?
What was the project launched by three months ago for students in local colleges?
Who hope that by providing young people access to classical music and opera, and dramatic works, they will turn away from the influence of vulgar art performances?
What did one concert feature the Henan Philharmonic Orchestra playing by Beethoven, Chopin and Bizet?
What featured the Henan Philharmonic Orchestra playing works by Beethoven, Chopin and Bizet?
When were the young listeners told how the different instruments work?
What were middle and primary schools?
What were the young listeners told during the evening?
What did sources say the ``music and drama'' weekends have also helped nurture?
What were the young listeners given during the evening?
What did one concert feature playing works by Beethoven, Chopin and Bizet?
Who were given information about each composer during the evening?
What was launched by the city government three months ago for students in local colleges?
Who said the ``music and drama'' weekends have also helped nurture civilized manners and moral conduct in young people?
Who is the capital city of central China's Henan Province?
Who were taught how to appreciate a symphony during the evening?
What is in the city of Longyan?
What has a school in the western part of east China's Fujian Province also put into a computer network with 200 computers for a number of key departments?
What has it also put a million yuan into with 200 computers for a number of key departments?
What is January 5-- A school in the western part of east China's Fujian Province?
What have more than 100 students won national or provincial prizes in?
What have more than 100 students won in a number of fields?
What are more than 3,000 graduates from the Longyan Overseas Chinese Professional School playing in rural and coastal parts of Fujian and in Southeast Asia?
What is hydropower?
Who have won national or provincial prizes in a number of fields?
What do all graduates have to pass?
How many graduates from the Longyan Overseas Chinese Professional School are playing an important role in rural and coastal parts of Fujian and in Southeast Asia?
What has it also put into a computer network with 200 computers for a number of key departments?
What has a new series of courses on hydropower?
What is the Longyan Overseas Chinese Professional School in?
What does the school have?
Who have to pass tests and examinations?
What is FUZHOU?
What has also put a million yuan into a computer network with 200 computers for a number of key departments?
What has a school in the western part of east China's Fujian Province also put a million yuan into with 200 computers for a number of key departments?
Who is architecture?
What are workshops and labs?
Who are playing an important role in rural and coastal parts of Fujian and in Southeast Asia?
What has been set up to provide more qualified professionals, and sports, arts, and music teachers for primary and middle schools in rural areas?
What has a school in the western part of east China's Fujian Province also put a million yuan into a computer network with?
Where is the Longyan Overseas Chinese Professional School?
What are key departments?
What does the school have a new series of?
How many students have won national or provincial prizes in a number of fields?
What has it also put a million yuan into a computer network with?
Who is electronics?
What should the bulk buying of educational equipment in areas where conditions are ripe be done by?
What will be equipped with more and better educational instruments as part of the drive toward higher-quality education?
What also has asked localities to strengthen administration?
What has the Ministry also asked to map out plans for modern educational technology outfitting?
What will linguistic labs, computer labs, and specialized classrooms for other practical skills be created in?
What has the Ministry of Education required localities to further increase?
What have Computers, the Internet, and multi-media education become for many primary and middle school students in major cities such as Beijing and Shanghai?
What will BEIJING be equipped with more and better educational instruments as?
What remains in the level of modern educational material between large- and medium-sized cities and many rural areas in China?
Who have become standard components of school life for many primary and middle school students in major cities such as Beijing and Shanghai?
What has the Ministry also asked localities to map out?
Who may still be doing their homework bending over an earthen bed in the dim light of a kerosene lamp?
What may students in poorer areas still be doing bending over an earthen bed in the dim light of a kerosene lamp?
What has the Ministry of Education required localities to to guarantee?
What also has asked localities to map out plans for modern educational technology outfitting?
What should be done by public bidding?
What has the Ministry of Education required to to guarantee that the investment grows annually?
What has the Ministry also asked to strengthen administration?
What have Computers, the Internet, and multi-media education become standard components of for many primary and middle school students in major cities such as Beijing and Shanghai?
What has the Ministry of Education required to further increase investment in educational technologies?
What will be created in these schools?
What has required localities to further increase investment in educational technologies?
What has the Ministry also asked localities to strengthen?
What does a large gap remain in?
What will BEIJING be equipped with as part of the drive toward higher-quality education?
Who have Computers, the Internet, and multi-media education become standard components of school life for?
What has required localities to to guarantee that the investment grows annually?
