What quoted European Central Bank chief Wim Duisenberg as saying a number of countries are already planning to hold the euro as part of their foreign currency reserves?
What did the magazine quote European Central Bank chief Wim Duisenberg as saying a number of countries are already planning to hold as part of their foreign currency reserves?
Who did the report also say expects the future relationship between the dollar and the euro?
What was Germany _ Europe's new currency?
What was the financing of their enormous trade deficit by other countries in their own currency?
What was the euro?
What goes into effect on Jan. 12?
What does the euro go into on Jan. 12?
What did the magazine quote European Central Bank chief Wim Duisenberg as saying are already planning to hold the euro as part of their foreign currency reserves?
Who was quoted as saying?
When does the euro go into effect?
What reported Sunday?
When did Der Spiegel magazine report?
What was the which the Americans see as their automatic right?
What also said Duisenberg expects the future relationship between the dollar and the euro?
What did the report also say Duisenberg expects?
Who did the magazine quote as saying a number of countries are already planning to hold the euro as part of their foreign currency reserves?
What was the which the Americans see as their automatic right the financing of?
What did the report also say?
What did the magazine quote European Central Bank chief Wim Duisenberg as saying a number of countries are already planning to hold the euro as?
What was FRANKFURT?
What is it the key element of?
What did duisenberg add that the bank does not plan to encourage as an investment or transaction currency?
What is Europe's new single currency?
What does that of the dollar's?
What will not go into circulation on the streets until 2002?
What will be adopted by 11 of the European Union's 15 countries on New Year's Day?
Who added that the bank does not plan to encourage the euro's use as an investment or transaction currency?
What did Duisenberg speak at?
What represents some of the strongest economies of the world?
Who said Thursday that Europe's new single currency will not compete with the U. S. dollar as the currency of choice for foreign reserves?
What's domestic economic situation?
What will the euro not go into circulation on until 2002?
What does the euro represent some of?
What did duisenberg add that the bank does not plan to encourage the euro's use as?
What does the euro represent?
What has the dollar been weakening against in recent months?
What has been weakening against European currencies in recent months?
What was the euro?
What are Countries taking part in the monetary merger _ creating an economic zone of some 300 million people?
What will the euro not go into on the streets until 2002?
What is Europe's new single currency the key element of?
Who spoke at a conference in Berlin?
What did BERLIN _ European Central Bank President Wim Duisenberg say Thursday with?
What is the key element of Europe's imminent economic and monetary merger?
When will the euro be adopted by 11 of the European Union's 15 countries?
When will the euro not go into circulation on the streets?
What did BERLIN _ European Central Bank President Wim Duisenberg say Thursday that Europe's new single currency will not compete with the U. S. dollar as?
What is it?
What has speculation surrounded?
What was Europe's new single currency?
What has surrounded the euro's launch?
What will the euro be adopted by on New Year's Day?
When has the dollar been weakening against European currencies?
Who said?
What did duisenberg add as?
What are St. Pierre and Miquelon?
What will be put into circulation in 2002?
What are microstates located wholly within Italy?
What have Italy and France adopted?
What was tapped to negotiate an agreement with Monaco?
What did the ministers rule as?
What did the ministers rule to?
What are the various tiny places all non-members of?
What are the Vatican and the Republic of San Marino microstates located wholly within?
What does that leave these various tiny places without unless they make special arrangements to adopt the euro?
What is Monaco?
What is St. Pierre and Miquelon?
What did the ministers decide that the euro would be their currency two with?
Who decided that France would continue to grant legal status to their banknotes and coins with regard to the two French territories?
What did EU finance ministers say the tiny countries and territories could use under certain conditions?
What will be required to pass national legislation putting these monetary arrangements into law?
What are part of France's far-flung territories?
What will Euro notes and coins feature bridges, windows and doorways in?
What did the ministers decide that France would continue to grant legal status to their banknotes and coins with?
What do all use the French franc as?
Who are the various tiny places?
What also will be required to adopt EU rules on currency?
What will Euro notes and coins feature in various European styles?
What use the French franc as their currency?
What did EU finance ministers say under?
What do the Vatican and the Republic of San Marino use as their currency?
What was designated to begin negotiations with San Marino and the Vatican over their use and eventual issuance of euro currency?
What leaves these various tiny places without a money of their own unless they make special arrangements to adopt the euro?
What did the ministers decide that the euro would be with regard to the two French territories?
What did the ministers decide that France would continue to grant to their banknotes and coins with regard to the two French territories?
What is a tiny principality on France's Mediterranean coast?
Who decided that the euro would be their currency two with regard to the two French territories?
What are St. Pierre and Miquelon part of?
Who said the tiny countries and territories could use the single European currency under certain conditions?
What also will be required to ``cooperate closely with the community with regard to measures against counterfeiting of euro banknotes and coins?''
What is known?
What are all non-members of the EU?
What will Euro notes and coins be put into in 2002?
When will Euro notes and coins be put into circulation?
What have adopted the euro?
What did the ministers decide with regard to the two French territories?
What does that leave without a money of their own unless they make special arrangements to adopt the euro?
What do all use as their currency?
What did EU finance ministers say could use the single European currency under certain conditions?
What will feature bridges, windows and doorways in various European styles?
What did EU finance ministers say the tiny countries and territories could use the single European currency under?
What would be certain to arouse strong opposition among some segments of the European population?
Who ruled that San Marino, the Vatican and Monaco will be entitled to use the euro as their official currency?
What did the ministers decide that France would continue to grant legal status to with regard to the two French territories?
What use the Italian lira as their currency?
Who ruled that San Marino will not be allowed to issue any banknotes or coins unless they agreed to conditions imposed by the EU?
What do the Vatican and the Republic of San Marino use the Italian lira as?
What did the ministers decide to with regard to the two French territories?
What is minuscule islands off Newfoundland?
Who ruled that they will not be allowed to issue any banknotes or coins unless they agreed to conditions imposed by the EU?
What was Bulgaria- The Bulgarian National Bank?
What is EU membership?
Where does the government not expect to be?
What has the government said in?
What has said it will keep the currency board in place until the country is in a position to adopt the euro as its own currency?
What has the domestic money supply been backed by German marks at a rate of 1,000 to the mark since?
What has the government said it will keep in place until the country is in a position to adopt the euro as its own currency?
When has the domestic money supply been backed by German marks to the mark since its launch?
What has the government said will keep the currency board in place until the country is in a position to adopt the euro as its own currency?
What was Thursday's national currency?
Where has the government said it will keep the currency board until the country is in a position to adopt the euro as its own currency?
What does not expect to be in a position to begin membership negotiations with the European Union until 2001?
What has the domestic money supply been backed by German marks at a rate of 1,000 to since its launch?
What is a prerequisite for adopting the euro as a national currency?
What has the government said it will keep the currency board in until the country is in a position to adopt the euro as its own currency?
Where has the government said?
What will the lev formally be backed by euros with?
What will formally be backed by euros with the launch of the euro on New Year's Day?
What is the domestic money supply backed by foreign currency reserves under?
What will the lev formally be backed by with the launch of the euro on New Year's Day?
What announced Thursday its national currency will be fixed at 1,955. 83 to the euro?
Where is the country?
What is the domestic money supply backed by under the currency board system established in July 1997?
What was its national currency?
What is expected to fall below 9 percent in 1998?
What did SOFIA announce Thursday its national currency will be fixed at 1,955. 83 to?
What has been backed by German marks at a rate of 1,000 to the mark since its launch?
What did SOFIA announce Thursday its national currency will be fixed at to the euro?
What has the domestic money supply been backed by at a rate of 1,000 to the mark since its launch?
What did SOFIA announce Thursday will be fixed at 1,955. 83 to the euro?
What is backed by foreign currency reserves under the currency board system established in July 1997?
What was SOFIA?
What did SOFIA announce Thursday at?
What was the lev?
What is the country in?
What is in a position to adopt the euro as its own currency?
When did SOFIA announce its national currency will be fixed at 1,955. 83 to the euro?
What was established to help reduce inflation by preventing the central bank from lending to the government or local banks?
What does the government not expect to be in?
What did two representative EU-wide opinion polls show for?
What were January 22?
What did two representative EU-wide opinion polls show that 54 percent of citizens interviewed are for the European currency?
What were conducted between mid October and shortly before Christmas 1995?
What did two representative EU-wide opinion polls show that 54 percent of citizens interviewed are for the European currency have no opinion?
Where do more than 80 percent people feel to be ``not very well informed'' or ``not at all informed''?
How many representative EU-wide opinion polls were conducted between mid October and shortly before Christmas 1995?
What do more than 80 percent people feel to be ``not very well informed'' or ``not at all informed'' in?
What feel ``well informed''?
What have no opinion?
What find the name of the Single currency ``Euro'' acceptable?
What do seven out of ten find acceptable?
What do one in twelve have?
What showed that 54 percent of citizens interviewed are for the European currency 9 percent have no opinion?
What did two representative EU-wide opinion polls show that 54 percent of citizens interviewed are for 9 percent have no opinion?
How many representative EU-wide opinion polls showed that 54 percent of citizens interviewed are for the European currency 9 percent have no opinion?
What say the opposite?
What do almost one in four say?
When were bRUSSELS?
What did two representative EU-wide opinion polls show that 54 percent of citizens interviewed are for the European currency 9 percent have?
When formally denied newspaper reports that the EC is ``secretly'' drawing up plans to delay the launch of the single currency?
When was BRUSSELS?
Who agreed unanimously that the European single currency will be formally launched on January 1,1999 at the Madrid summit?
What was the Euro?
What was January 29-- The European Commission spokesman?
What did today formally deny newspaper reports that the EC is ``secretly'' drawing up?
Who was the single currency?
What did leaders of EU member nations agree unanimously that the European single currency will be formally launched on January 1,1999 at?
What did today formally deny drawing up plans to delay the launch of the single currency?
What do many people worry that the tough budgetary criteria for the single currency will cause?
What did Juppe give a clear-cut answer by saying in the speech that only a single currency can guarantee currency stability in?
What did Juppe demand French leaders make?
When did he point out that such a political plan concerns?
What were February 20--?
Who did Juppe demand make efforts to eliminate the confusions?
Who demanded French leaders make efforts to eliminate the confusions?
What did today reiterate?
Where do qualms about a single currency exist as some economists fear that a single currency means a country's loss of financial sovereignty at present?
What do some economists fear that a single currency means a country's loss of?
Who fear that a single currency means a country's loss of financial sovereignty?
What did Juppe note at, ``The economic and monetary union is neither a technical issue, nor an economic demand''?
What exist in France and many other EU member countries as some economists fear that a single currency means a country's loss of financial sovereignty at present?
What did french Prime Minister Alain Juppe point out?
What does currency stability mean ?
What do many people worry?
What do qualms about a single currency exist in as some economists fear that a single currency means a country's loss of financial sovereignty at present?
What do qualms about a single currency exist in France and many other EU member countries as some economists fear at present?
What do some economists fear?
What means ``lower interest rates, sustained economic growth and good prospects of employment''?
What worry that the tough budgetary criteria for the single currency will cause rising unemployment and worsening social welfare?
When reiterated France's determination to realize the single European currency?
What did Juppe give a clear-cut answer by saying in the speech in view of these confusions?
What do some economists fear that a single currency means?
What did he point out?
When did french Prime Minister Alain Juppe point out that such a political plan concerns?
When were pARIS?
Who gave a clear-cut answer by saying in the speech that only a single currency can guarantee currency stability in view of these confusions?
What did Juppe give by saying in the speech that only a single currency can guarantee currency stability in view of these confusions?
What is expected to have seven notes with face values ranging from five to 500?
What is April 2?
What said in its annual report released today that it has decided on two themes for the new currency: history of European civilization and abstract or concrete paintings?
What has the European Monetary Institute set up to come up with designs?
What did the Frankfurt-based body say in its annual report released today on?
What has the European Monetary Institute set up a consultative group of artists, art historians and psychologists to come up with?
What did the Frankfurt-based body say in its annual report released today that it has decided on?
What began to invite tenders for making the new currency in February?
What has the European Monetary Institute not been decided?
What requires the design of the Euro to include five languages of the European Union together with the symbol of the EU-- 12 stars in a ring?
Who must also be counterfeit-proof?
When is BONN?
What has not been decided whether the Euro should include country emblems?
What has it not been decided?
What does the institute require?
What did the institute begin to invite for making the new currency in February?
What did the Frankfurt-based body say in that it has decided on two themes for the new currency: history of European civilization and abstract or concrete paintings?
What has set up a consultative group of artists, art historians and psychologists to come up with designs?
Who has the European Monetary Institute set up a consultative group of to come up with designs?
What will euro mortgages offer than sterling mortgages?
What is the single currency?
What is the euro?
What were euro savings accounts?
What is May 16?
What are LONDON-- Britain's biggest mortgage lenders planning to overhaul the traditional home loan ahead of with the launch of euro mortgages?
What will they offer lower interest rates than?
What have to look forward?
Who have to be prepared?
What were passbooks and cash-dispensers?
What will mean substantial changes for detailed plans's products as a whole?
Who said, ``We believe euro mortgages will be popular because they will offer lower interest rates than sterling mortgages''?
What could we even reach?
What have lending giants in Britain put in place for financial life in the country after 1999?
What will offer lower interest rates than sterling mortgages?
What did today say for?
What did today say that the building societies have produced for euro savings accounts despite the government's increasingly Eurosceptical tone?
Who could even reach the stage where Britain remains outside the currency alignment?
When said that the building societies have produced blueprints for euro savings accounts despite the government's increasingly Eurosceptical tone?
When have lending giants in Britain put detailed plans in place for financial life in the country?
What will be launched ahead of the UK's participation in the single currency?
Who have to look forward?
Where have lending giants in Britain put detailed plans after 1999?
What are LONDON-- Britain's biggest mortgage lenders planning to overhaul the traditional home loan ahead of a single European currency with?
What will they offer than sterling mortgages?
What have lending giants in Britain put detailed plans in after 1999?
What did today say that the building societies have produced blueprints for despite the government's increasingly Eurosceptical tone?
What will euro mortgages offer lower interest rates than?
Who was Halifax?
What are already at an advanced stage?
What do employees ask to be paid in?
What have to be prepared?
Who ask to be paid in euro?
Who are planning to overhaul the traditional home loan ahead of a single European currency with the launch of euro mortgages?
When is LONDON?
Whose plans for a euro mortgage will be launched ahead of the UK's participation in the single currency?
Who said, ``detailed plans believe euro mortgages will be popular because they will offer lower interest rates than sterling mortgages''?
What have put detailed plans in place for financial life in the country after 1999?
What will Bradford and Bingley's plans for a euro mortgage be launched ahead of the UK's participation in?
What could detailed plans even reach?
Who will offer lower interest rates than sterling mortgages?
What did Geoffrey Lister say, ``detailed plans believe than''?
What did today say that the building societies have produced blueprints for euro savings accounts despite?
What was the biggest mortgage lender in the UK?
What did Geoffrey Lister say, ``We believe than''?
What could even reach the stage where Britain remains outside the currency alignment?
Whose plans for a euro mortgage are already at an advanced stage?
What will Bradford and Bingley's plans for a euro mortgage be launched ahead of in the single currency?
When are Bradford and Bingley's plans for a euro mortgage already?
What will mean substantial changes for our products as a whole?
What will this mean?
What are LONDON-- Britain's biggest mortgage lenders planning to overhaul ahead of a single European currency with the launch of euro mortgages?
What did Lushinga say will depend on Zambia's major trading partners?
What is the proposed dollar?
Who was director of financial markets of Bank of Zambia?
When is LUSAKA?
What is April 22-- Zambia?
Who did Lushinga say the importance of the Euro-currency will depend on?
What is the EU Zambia's second main market for non-traditional exports after?
What Zambia to deal with?
What is the single currency of the Common Market for Eastern and Southern Africa?
What did today also quote senior economist with the bank Jacob Lushinga as saying?
What is the proposed dollar the single currency of?
What is the EU after COMESA?
What to deal with one currency?
Who was Abraham Mwenda?
Who said the importance of the Euro-currency will depend on Zambia's major trading partners?
What did Abraham Mwenda say with?
What was Abraham Mwenda director of financial markets of?
What is Zambia's second main market for non-traditional exports after COMESA?
Who did Lushinga say on?
Who said that if the EU comes up with one single Euro-currency this will make it easy for Zambia to deal with one currency and help reduce costs?
What was Abraham Mwenda director of of Bank of Zambia?
Who has said?
What is the code intended for?
What did a press release issued here today say has been issued to allow progress with the technical preparations for the European single currency?
Who will it allow to identify the new currency easily?
What will the early attribution of the currency code help?
What is intended for use in any application of trade, commerce and banking which is based on uniform, internationally agreed representations of currencies?
What will help economic agents?
What will it allow currency users to identify easily?
What will this new code allow currency users to identify easily?
What will allow currency users to identify the new currency easily?
What said this new code has been issued to allow progress with the technical preparations for the European single currency?
Who will this new code allow to identify the new currency easily?
What expects Britain to join the European Monetary Union in the first wave?
Who called on Britain to make various preparations and rational debates on the single currency as ``the single currency is going to happen?''
What did the survey reveal?
What will LONDON go ahead on schedule on January 1,1999 with?
What did sooddard call on Britain to make on the single currency as ``the single currency is going to happen?''
What do fears of a single currency failure focus on too high?
What did sooddard call on Britain to make various preparations and rational debates on as ``the single currency is going to happen?''
What did sooddard call on to make various preparations and rational debates on the single currency as ``the single currency is going to happen?''
What is to make up its mind on this crucial issue?
What does none of those polled expect Britain to join the European Monetary Union in?
When will LONDON go ahead on schedule on with a broad membership?
What are low unemployment and low inflation?
Who said, ``The single currency debate in this country has suffered from too much ill-informed speculation and too little fact?''
What was carried out by the pro-European pressure group named European Movement?
Where did sooddard call to make various preparations and rational debates on the single currency as ``the single currency is going to happen?''
What does none of those polled expect to join the European Monetary Union in the first wave?
What does none of those polled expect Britain to join in the first wave?
What are low interest rates?
What did the survey reveal that a majority of those polled agree?
What do those who believe that the EMU will be a success cite low interest rates as?
What was the survey carried out by?
What does none of them expect Britain to join the European Monetary Union in?
What focus on the reduction of monetary flexibility and the risk that the European Central Bank will set interest rates too high?
What will go ahead on schedule on January 1,1999 with a broad membership?
What revealed that a majority of those polled agree that the single currency to be broadly successful?
What does none of them expect Britain to join in the first wave?
What do those who believe that the EMU will be a success cite as benefits of the planned single currency?
What does none of them expect to join the European Monetary Union in the first wave?
What will LONDON go ahead on on January 1,1999 with a broad membership?
What cite low interest rates as benefits of the planned single currency?
What did BONN say today that most German companies are not prepared for?
Who are the European Union member states required to completely replace their own national currencies with from January 1,2002?
When did BONN say that most German companies are not prepared for the shift to the single European currency?
What was the Euro?
What does it take?
What said today that most German companies are not prepared for the shift to the single European currency?
Who was the single European currency?
What takes effect?
What did Rexrodt add?
Who added that the country's state institutions were also not well prepared?
What are required to completely replace their own national currencies with the Euro from January 1,2002?
What does a result take?
When are the European Union member states required to completely replace their own national currencies with the Euro?
What was October 10-- German Economics Minister Guenter Rexrodt?
What did BONN say today for?
What are the European Union member states required to completely replace with the Euro from January 1,2002?
When was BONN?
What is due to be launched on January 1,1999?
Who said?
What did the German central bank Bundesbank say Monday?
What were reduced currency risks?
What did the Bundesbank say moreover, investors are also set to benefit from reduced transaction costs and improved market transparency resulting from heated competitions among financial institutions after?
What was April 20?
When was BONN?
What did the Bundesbank say moreover, investors are also set to benefit from after the advent of the euro?
What were expanded investment opportunities?
What have offered to quote prices in the euro?
What does the two banks ' announcement to offer an unofficial market in the new single currency before it effectively comes into existence show?
What will banks and exchanges start using in all scriptural transactions such as buying bonds and stocks?
What have a United States bank and a Dutch one offered to quote in the euro?
What will become legal tender on January 1,2002 while national currencies of the euro founder countries stop circulating completely by July 1,2002?
What have both the European Parliament and the European council of economy and finance ministers approved the recommendation of the European Commission?
What have been judged by the commission not economically ready to join in?
What will begin on Monday as a United States bank and a Dutch one have offered to quote prices in the euro?
What is Germany, Spain Ireland, Italy, Luxembourg, the Netherlands, Austria, Portugal and Finland?
What will start using euro in all scriptural transactions such as buying bonds and stocks?
What effectively comes into existence?
What have both the European Parliament and the European council of economy and finance ministers approved the recommendation of the European Commission that Belgium be?
When will Euro bank notes and coins become legal tender while national currencies of the euro founder countries stop circulating completely by July 1,2002?
What will banks and exchanges start using euro in?
What is Belgium?
What have both the European Parliament and the European council of economy and finance ministers approved the recommendation of that Belgium be the founding countries?
What did Citibank and ABN-AMRO say that they had planned to quote prices in for their clients starting next Monday?
What is estimated to be at 1 to 1. 5 percent of the gross domestic product of the 11 euro countries?
What have a United States bank and a Dutch one offered to quote prices in?
What stop circulating completely by July 1,2002?
What have both the European Parliament and the European council of economy and finance ministers approved that Belgium be the founding countries?
What have approved the recommendation of the European Commission that Belgium be the founding countries?
Who was the world's largest foreign exchange operator?
What shows a strong sign that the financial markets have fully accepted the launch of the euro?
What did Citibank and ABN-AMRO say in?
What will banks and exchanges start using in all scriptural transactions such as writing checks?
What have opted out of the euro club whereas Greece and Sweden have been judged by the commission not economically ready to join in?
What did Citibank and ABN-AMRO say that they had planned to quote in the euro for their clients starting next Monday?
When will BRUSSELS begin as a United States bank and a Dutch one have offered to quote prices in the euro?
What is scheduled to confirm which European Union member states are eligible to become the original members of the euro zone?
What was Citibank?
What will banks and exchanges start using in all scriptural transactions such as using credit and charge cards?
What is serving the rotating presidency of the 15-nation European Union?
What have Greece and Sweden been judged by?
What does an unofficial market effectively come into?
Who did Citibank and ABN-AMRO say that they had planned to quote prices in the euro for?
What will have to prepare to put 70 billion euro into circulation while pool another 50 billion euro in the reserve to make the new money impregnable against speculators?
Who said that they had planned to quote prices in the euro for their clients starting next Monday?
What will start using euro in all scriptural transactions such as writing checks?
When do national currencies of the euro founder countries stop circulating completely?
When is Britain and Denmark serving?
What is Britain and Denmark serving the rotating presidency of?
What will Euro bank notes and coins become on January 1,2002 while national currencies of the euro founder countries stop circulating completely by July 1,2002?
What will start using euro in all scriptural transactions such as using credit and charge cards?
What does it effectively come into?
What has also confirmed candidates for the presidency of the European Central Bank?
What did Zhu say in response to a question concerning the issue at today's news conference?
What did the European summit confirm Sunday that Belgium will be founding members of?
What was Germany, Spain Ireland, Italy, Luxembourg, the Netherlands, Austria, Portugal and Finland?
What was Belgium?
When was BEIJING?
When did BEIJING say that the Chinese government welcomes the initiation of the Euro currency early next year?
What did BEIJING say here today?
Who did the European summit confirm Sunday that Belgium will be?
What said here today that the Chinese government welcomes the initiation of the Euro currency early next year?
What did the European summit confirm Sunday?
What was May 5-- Foreign Ministry Spokesman Zhu Bangzao?
What confirmed Sunday that Belgium will be founding members of the Euro organization?
When did the European summit confirm that Belgium will be founding members of the Euro organization?
Who has the summit also confirmed?
What was September 11?
What do the euro banknotes have?
What was made by the ECB's governing council during a meeting in Frankfurt on Friday?
What was the decision made by the ECB's governing council during on Friday?
When did Germany already start to mint euro coins?
What was the euro?
What have a total of seven face values?
What did Germany already start to early August?
When will European Union's single-currency plan take effect in 11 of its member states?
What did the bank also decide to start this Autumn a test printing of?
What will European Union's single-currency plan take in 11 of its member states on January 1,1999?
What announced in Frankfurt Friday?
What do the euro banknotes have a total of?
What will take effect in 11 of its member states on January 1,1999?
When will the actual banknotes and coins be introduced after which the participants ' present national currencies will cease to be legal tender?
Where did the European Central Bank announce Friday?
What did the European Central Bank announce in Friday?
When was the decision made by the ECB's governing council during a meeting in Frankfurt?
What will European Union's single-currency plan take effect in on January 1,1999?
What already started to mint euro coins early August?
What did the European Central Bank announce in Frankfurt?
When was BONN?
What will be introduced over a six-month period starting January 1 after which the participants ' present national currencies will cease to be legal tender?
What also decided to start this Autumn a test printing of the euro banknotes?
What was the decision made by during a meeting in Frankfurt on Friday?
What was BONN-- the mass printing of the banknotes of the single European currency?
What did the bank also decide to start?
What is the other top topic?
What soon were offered from Monday onward Internet access to free information on the euro?
Who told the press that the data provided will prove useful for the economic management in the euro zone as well as in the European Union?
Who was European economy and finance commissioner?
What was noon the day?
When did finance commissioner add that the statistics would be updated?
What did Yves-Thibault de Silguy tell that the publication of key euro indicators on the Internet is an important initiative?
What were September 21?
Who is responsible for this euro-related information program?
Who told the press that the publication of key euro indicators on the Internet is an important initiative?
What did Yves-Thibault de Silguy tell the press that the publication of key euro indicators on the Internet is?
What will the euro data be updated on?
What did Yves-Thibault de Silguy tell the press for?
What is Eurostat the statistical bureau of?
What did Yves-Thibault de Silguy tell the press?
Who added that the statistics would be updated at noon every day?
What did Yves-Thibault de Silguy tell the press that the data provided will prove useful for in the euro zone as well as in the European Union?
When were bRUSSELS-- Those who take interest in the single currency due out soon offered onward Internet access to free information on the euro?
What were among the top three topics for which more information is desired by the respondents to a recent EU questionnaire?
What is the rights for being a European citizen?
What is Eurostat?
What were bRUSSELS-- Those who take interest in the single currency due out soon offered from Monday?
What is Eurostat responsible for?
What were the single currency and employment among for which more information is desired by the respondents to a recent EU questionnaire?
When did finance commissioner add?
What will be updated on a daily basis?
When was a significant improvement on Eurostat's service?
What was Yves-Thibault de Silguy?
What did Yves-Thibault de Silguy tell that the data provided will prove useful for the economic management in the euro zone as well as in the European Union?
When were bRUSSELS?
When did he add that the statistics would be updated?
Who is the statistical bureau of the European community?
When did he add?
What is one German mark equivalent to under the new system?
What is October 22-- Bulgaria?
What is the proposed European single currency?
When has bulgarian Finance Minister Muravei Radev pledged?
What is the lev?
What is the euro?
What does the Bulgarian government plan to print next year a new national currency with?
Who has pledged that the lev will experience its connection with the euro automatically as the European single currency comes into use less than three months later?
When is SOFIA?
What is the new national currency with?
What has also been used for the settlement of foreign exchange reserves?
What is with a face value of one lev equivalent to one Mark?
What plans to print next year a new national currency with regard to easing the accounting?
What has bulgarian Finance Minister Muravei Radev pledged that the lev will experience automatically as the European single currency comes into use less than three months later?
What comes into use less than three months later?
What has the mark also been used for?
What is its currency?
What has been working to link its currency with the proposed European single currency in a bid to speed up the country's financial integration into the European economy?
What is equivalent to 1,000 Bulgarian lev under the new system?
What has bulgarian Finance Minister Muravei Radev pledged into?
What is SOFIA's currency?
What is one German mark equivalent to 1,000 Bulgarian lev under?
When has bulgarian Finance Minister Muravei Radev pledged that the entire process of transition will be accomplished?
What does the European single currency come into less than three months later?
What will be used to replace the German mark as the accounting unit for Bulgaria's foreign exchange reserve?
Who has pledged that the entire process of transition will be accomplished by July 1,1999?
What proves stable?
When did the Nation report BANGKOK is considering using the European single currency in the country's foreign reserves?
What will study the impact of the euro on the country's official reserves in a bid to help stem volatility of the U. S. dollar and the Japanese yen?
Who said however, the arrival of the euro is likely to reduce Thailand's trading volume with other countries significantly?
What will the single currency also benefit as it will reduce the operating costs of European traders?
What will reduce the operating costs of European traders?
What has the Council of Economic Ministers of Thailand ordered the Finance Ministry and the Bank of Thailand to study?
What will a special task force study in a bid to help stem volatility of the U. S. dollar and the Japanese yen?
What was the euro?
What was the European single currency?
What did the council also assigned the Commerce Ministry to set up to work with state agencies?
What is expected to be helpful for Thai exporters to gain more excess into the market?
What will Thailand's import from the EU reduce?
What will a special task force study the impact of the euro on the country's official reserves in?
What will the National Economic and Social Development Board join hands with to dig into the impact of the European single currency on Thailand's macro-economy?
What will also benefit Thailand's import from the EU as it will reduce the operating costs of European traders?
What reported Tuesday BANGKOK is considering using the European single currency in the country's foreign reserves?
What did the council also assigned the Commerce Ministry to set up a group to work with?
What will the National Economic and Social Development Board join with the central bank to dig into the impact of the European single currency on Thailand's macro-economy?
What will it reduce?
What set up a group to work with state agencies?
What did the official say however, is likely to reduce Thailand's trading volume with other countries significantly?
What did the Nation report Tuesday is considering using the European single currency in the country's foreign reserves?
What was November 10-- Thailand?
What will the National Economic and Social Development Board join hands with the central bank to dig into?
Who will it reduce the operating costs of?
When was BANGKOK?
Who will Thailand's import from the EU reduce the operating costs of?
What will join hands with the central bank to dig into the impact of the European single currency on Thailand's macro-economy?
When did PARIS report Agence France-Presse?
What was November 19?
What have Finland, Belgium and Spain begun their production of?
What have begun their production of the euros?
When is Germany?
What will be launched by January 1999?
When was PARIS?
What have Finland, Belgium and Spain begun?
What reported Agence France-Presse on Thursday?
What is in ``an advanced stage'' of experimenting striking the euro?
What are due to begin producing the coin next year?
Who did PARIS report on Thursday?
When will PARIS be launched?
What should be issued to replace the national currencies by January 2002?
When was NEW DELHI?
What was the Euro?
Where did RBI permit banks to invoice, freely convert legacy EMU currencies into the Euro in a circular issued to banks on Friday?
What said?
When did RBI sources say NEW DELHI-- The Reserve Bank of India has permitted Indian banks to transact in the Euro?
What will be launched on January 1,1999?
What did RBI also ask to ensure their information system's Euro-compliance?
What did RBI permit banks to invoice in the Euro, freely convert into the Euro in a circular issued to banks on Friday?
What has the RBI set up a working group to study the implications of?
What did it also ask to ensure their information system's Euro-compliance?
What did RBI permit banks to invoice in the Euro, freely accept Euro-denominated bank deposits and remittances in?
What did RBI permit to trade in a circular issued to banks on Friday?
Where did RBI permit banks to invoice, freely accept Euro-denominated bank deposits and remittances in a circular issued to banks on Friday?
What did RBI permit banks to invoice in the Euro, freely accept in a circular issued to banks on Friday?
What did RBI also ask banks to ensure?
What did RBI permit banks to invoice in the Euro, freely convert legacy EMU currencies into in a circular issued to banks on Friday?
What permitted banks to trade in a circular issued to banks on Friday?
What permitted banks to invoice in the Euro, freely accept Euro-denominated bank deposits and remittances in a circular issued to banks on Friday?
What did it also ask banks to ensure?
What did RBI permit banks to trade in?
What has set up a working group to study the implications of the Euro launch?
What also asked banks to ensure their information system's Euro-compliance?
What did RBI permit banks to invoice in, freely convert legacy EMU currencies into the Euro in a circular issued to banks on Friday?
What did RBI permit to invoice in the Euro, freely accept Euro-denominated bank deposits and remittances in a circular issued to banks on Friday?
What was November 21?
Where did RBI sources say here Saturday NEW DELHI-- The Reserve Bank of India has permitted Indian banks to transact?
What permitted banks to invoice in the Euro, freely convert legacy EMU currencies into the Euro in a circular issued to banks on Friday?
What did RBI permit to invoice in the Euro, freely convert legacy EMU currencies into the Euro in a circular issued to banks on Friday?
What did RBI sources say here Saturday NEW DELHI-- The Reserve Bank of India has permitted to transact in the Euro?
What did RBI sources say here Saturday has permitted Indian banks to transact in the Euro?
What has the RBI set up a working group to study?
When will the Euro be launched on?
What did RBI permit banks to invoice in the Euro, freely convert legacy EMU currencies into the Euro in?
What did RBI permit banks to invoice in, freely accept Euro-denominated bank deposits and remittances in a circular issued to banks on Friday?
What did RBI sources say here Saturday NEW DELHI-- The Reserve Bank of India has permitted Indian banks to transact in?
What was the Euro the new currency unit of?
What has the RBI set up to study the implications of the Euro launch?
Who said here Saturday NEW DELHI-- The Reserve Bank of India has permitted Indian banks to transact in the Euro?
Who was the new currency unit of the European Monetary Union?
What did Vasilescu say would use the Euro money unit in printed matters destined for the mass-media?
What did BNR director Adrian Vasilescu say on Monday BUCHAREST has had made?
Who is the EU?
Who said the central bank had decided that the rates of exchange posted by hard currency operators should also include the single currency unit?
What did Vasilescu say the central bank had decided?
What did BNR director Adrian Vasilescu say on Monday BUCHAREST has had made a number of beginning January 1,1999?
What did Vasilescu say the BNR would use?
Who said the BNR would use the Euro money unit in printed matters destined for the mass-media?
What was December 14-- The Administration Board of Romania's central bank?
What is the EU the most important commercial partner of?
What did Vasilescu say had decided that the rates of exchange posted by hard currency operators should also include the single currency unit?
What did Vasilescu say?
Who added?
What is the most important commercial partner of Romania?
Who said?
When was BUCHAREST?
What did Vasilescu say the central bank had decided that the rates of exchange posted by hard currency operators should also include?
What will BNR and Romanian commercial banks that want to perform euro services have to open in euro by January 4,1999?
What will have to inform their foreign partners?
When will BNR and Romanian commercial banks that want to perform euro services have to open accounts in euro?
What was the euro?
When did the Rompres news agency report citing sources from Romania's Central Bank BUCHAREST is ready to perform services in the European single currency?
What was the European single currency?
What did the Rompres news agency report on Tuesday citing from Romania's Central Bank BUCHAREST is ready to perform services in the European single currency?
What did the Rompres news agency report on Tuesday citing sources from BUCHAREST is ready to perform services in the European single currency?
What will have to inform accounts's foreign partners?
What did the Rompres news agency report on Tuesday citing sources from Romania's Central Bank is ready to perform services in the European single currency?
What will be modified to include euro instead of the current European single currency?
What will BNR and Romanian commercial banks that want to perform euro services have to open accounts in by January 4,1999?
When was BUCHAREST?
What was December 15-- The Romanian banking system?
Who will BNR and Romanian commercial banks that want to perform euro services have to inform?
What reported on Tuesday citing sources from Romania's Central Bank BUCHAREST is ready to perform services in the European single currency?
What will have to open accounts in euro by January 4,1999?
