Who said the Russian government was keeping the death penalty because it did not want the expense of providing for life imprisonment for about 1,000 people?
What did Derek G. Evans say in that there is still no alternative military service for conscientious objectors?
When did Amnesty International say MOSCOW _ Serious human rights violations persist in Russia despite President Boris Yeltsin's declaration of 1998 as Russia's Year of Human Rights?
Where did Amnesty International say Monday MOSCOW _ Serious human rights violations persist despite President Boris Yeltsin's declaration of 1998 as Russia's Year of Human Rights?
What did Amnesty International say Monday MOSCOW _ violations persist in Russia despite President Boris Yeltsin's declaration of 1998 as Russia's Year of Human Rights?
When did Justice Minister Pavel Krashennikov say it would be premature to do away with the death penalty?
Who said in a statement that torture of prisoners continues?
What was Derek G. Evans?
What did Justice Minister Pavel Krashennikov say last week would be premature to do away with the death penalty?
What is another concern for Amnesty International?
When did Justice Minister Pavel Krashennikov say capital punishment would be premature to do away with the death penalty?
What did Russia promise to abolish when last week joined the Council of Europe in 1996?
Who said Amnesty International has provided the government with a preliminary analysis of the human rights situation in Russia and some 51 proposals for meeting international standards?
Who said, ``In other words, it is cheaper to kill''?
What did Derek G. Evans say in a statement?
Who said in a statement that the death penalty has not been abolished?
What did Justice Minister Pavel Krashennikov say last week with?
What did Evans say the Russian government was keeping because it did not want the expense of providing for life imprisonment for about 1,000 people?
What did Evans say was keeping the death penalty because it did not want the expense of providing for life imprisonment for about 1,000 people?
When did Amnesty International say Monday MOSCOW _ Serious human rights violations persist in Russia despite President Boris Yeltsin's declaration of 1998?
What did Derek G. Evans say in that torture of prisoners continues?
Where did Evans say Amnesty International has provided the government with a preliminary analysis of the human rights situation?
What did the death penalty not want?
What did Derek G. Evans say in that the death penalty has not been abolished?
What did Amnesty International say Monday MOSCOW _ Serious human rights in?
What did Evans say Amnesty International has provided with a preliminary analysis of the human rights situation in Russia and some 51 proposals for meeting international standards?
What did Amnesty International say Monday MOSCOW _ Serious human rights violations persist in Russia despite as Russia's Year of Human Rights?
What did Evans say with?
What promised to abolish capital punishment when last week joined the Council of Europe in 1996?
What does the Russian Federation's Constitution guarantee?
What is conscientious objection to military service?
What did Amnesty International say Monday MOSCOW _ Serious human rights violations persist in despite President Boris Yeltsin's declaration of 1998 as Russia's Year of Human Rights?
Where did Amnesty International say Monday MOSCOW _ Serious human rights?
What did Russia promise to abolish when it joined the Council of Europe in 1996?
What did Evans say has provided the government with a preliminary analysis of the human rights situation in Russia and some 51 proposals for meeting international standards?
What did not want the expense of providing for life imprisonment for about 1,000 people?
What promised to abolish capital punishment when it joined the Council of Europe in 1996?
What did Evans say Amnesty International has provided the government with a preliminary analysis of the human rights situation in?
Who was deputy secretary general of the human rights group?
What guarantees this right?
What did Derek G. Evans also say that civilian prisoners in pre-trial detention were kept in?''
What did Evans say Amnesty International has provided the government with in Russia and some 51 proposals for meeting international standards?
Whose declaration of 1998 did Amnesty International say Monday MOSCOW _ Serious human rights violations persist in Russia despite as Russia's Year of Human Rights?
Who said in a statement that there is still no alternative military service for conscientious objectors?
What did Amnesty International say Monday _ Serious human rights violations persist in Russia despite President Boris Yeltsin's declaration of 1998 as Russia's Year of Human Rights?
Who also said that civilian prisoners in pre-trial detention were kept in conditions ``so severe as to constitute torture?''
What did Derek G. Evans also say in?''
Whose declaration of 1998 did Amnesty International say Monday MOSCOW _ Serious human rights in?
Who said, ``In other words, last week is cheaper to kill''?
Who said last week it would be premature to do away with the death penalty?
What said Monday MOSCOW _ Serious human rights violations persist in Russia despite President Boris Yeltsin's declaration of 1998 as Russia's Year of Human Rights?
What did Evans say?
Who said last week capital punishment would be premature to do away with the death penalty?
What did Amnesty International say Monday MOSCOW _ Serious human rights persist in Russia despite President Boris Yeltsin's declaration of 1998 as Russia's Year of Human Rights?
What did it not want?
What did he also say in?''
What did he also say that civilian prisoners in pre-trial detention were kept in?''
What did Derek G. Evans say in a statement that there is still?
What does the landless movement promote the takeover of land it considers unproductive as?
When did Macaulay say?
Who was Fiona Macaulay?
What were three related to?
Who argued that 14 members of the 21-member jury pool had links with local farmers?
Who is due to be retried later this year in Vitoria that Amnesty International has backed?
When has Amnesty International said that there is ``compelling evidence'' that Rainha was falsely convicted of the killings?
When was RIO DE JANEIRO the leader of Brazil's landless movement sentenced for his part in two killings?
What also backed moves to protect crime witnesses?
What did Rainha's trial not meet international standards of?
What did Amnesty International say Tuesday did not receive a fair trial?
What did it also back?
When did Amnesty International say RIO DE JANEIRO A leader of Brazil's landless movement did not receive a fair trial?
When was Rainha sentenced?
Who was Jose Rainha Jr.?
What did not meet international standards of impartiality?
What uses the term ``prisoner of conscience''?
Who was Jose Rainha Jr. one of?
What did Rainha's trial not meet?
What has Amnesty International said in the past?
What has Amnesty International said in the past that there is?
What did Fiona Macaulay say by telephone from London maintains that human rights violations continue against Indians and the landless?
What praised the government for creating a National Human Rights Secretary?
What did Fiona Macaulay say by telephone from Amnesty Internation's report was to call for stepped-up pressure up against police violence?
What grants anyone sentenced the retrial to more than 20 years for a single crime?
Who said Tuesday?
What did defense lawyers argue?
What does brazilian law grant?
What is Rainha due to be retried later this year in Vitoria?
Who was the organization's Brazilian researcher?
Who did the human rights group called for an impartial retrial of Jose Rainha Jr. say was a potential prisoner of conscience?
What were related to one of the shooting victims?
What is Vitoria?
Who is a move?
What did a report that was to be issued Wednesday also back?
Who said by telephone from London Amnesty Internation's report maintains that human rights violations continue against Indians and the landless?
Who was sentenced to 26 years in prison?
What did Fiona Macaulay say by from London Amnesty Internation's report maintains that human rights violations continue against Indians and the landless?
What does Rainha remain free pending?
What has said in the past that there is ``compelling evidence'' that Rainha was falsely convicted of the killings?
What did the report praise for creating a National Human Rights Secretary?
What is Espirito Santo?
What did Amnesty International say Tuesday RIO DE JANEIRO A leader of Brazil's landless movement did not receive?
Who did the human rights group called for an impartial retrial of Jose Rainha Jr. say he was?
What did his trial not meet international standards of?
Who was one of the leaders of the Landless Rural Workers Movement and?
What was RIO DE JANEIRO the leader of Brazil's landless movement sentenced to 26 years for?
What said he was a potential prisoner of conscience?
What was sentenced to 26 years for his part in two killings?
What was Brazil _?
Who is Vitoria the capital of?
What does the landless movement promote the takeover of land considers unproductive as a way to pressure the government into speeding up its agrarian reform program?
What does the landless movement promote the takeover of land as?
What did Fiona Macaulay say by telephone from Amnesty Internation's report maintains that human rights violations continue against Indians and the landless?
Who remains free pending a retrial?
What said Tuesday RIO DE JANEIRO A leader of Brazil's landless movement did not receive a fair trial?
What did the human rights group called for an impartial retrial of Jose Rainha Jr. say he was a potential prisoner of?
What also backed moves to reform the country's police and criminal justice system?
What does the landless movement promote it considers unproductive as a way to pressure the government into speeding up its agrarian reform program?
What did his trial not meet?
Who did Fiona Macaulay say by telephone from London Amnesty Internation's report maintains against?
What promotes the takeover of land it considers unproductive as a way to pressure the government into speeding up its agrarian reform program?
What did defense lawyers argue that 14 members of the 21-member jury pool had?
Who said by telephone from London Amnesty Internation's report was to call for stepped-up pressure up against police violence?
When was he sentenced?
Whose trial did not meet international standards of impartiality?
What does the landless movement promote the takeover of it considers unproductive as a way to pressure the government into speeding up its agrarian reform program?
What was RIO DE JANEIRO?
Who did Fiona Macaulay say by telephone from London Amnesty Internation's report maintains that human rights violations continue against?
Who is the capital of Espirito Santo?
What did Fiona Macaulay say by telephone from London was to call for stepped-up pressure up against police violence?
What did the human rights group called for an impartial retrial of Jose Rainha Jr. say?
What did Fiona Macaulay say by from London Amnesty Internation's report was to call for stepped-up pressure up against police violence?
What did Amnesty International's Secretary General Pierre Sane say ``Only has prevented the number of people displaced or killed from escalating much farther''?
Who did Miller say has been difficult to determine who among the 250 ethnic Albanians and 50 Serbs had been unlawfully killed?
What has also deliberately or indiscriminately attacked civilians _ Albanian as well as Serb?
What is the Kosovo Liberation Army the armed wing of?
What said some 70,000 people have fled their homes _ about 45,000 to other parts of Kosovo, 13,000 to neighboring Montenegro, and another 13,000 to northern Albania?
What did he say ``Only the high level of scrutiny given by the international media. . . has prevented''?
What did he say ?
What did Amnesty International's Secretary General Pierre Sane say ``Only the high level of scrutiny given by the international media. . . has prevented the number of''?
Who said it has been difficult to determine who among the 250 ethnic Albanians and 50 Serbs had been unlawfully killed?
What said, ``Excessive use of force seems to be the norm for both sides in the conflict''?
Who did the U. N. war crimes tribunal investigating human rights violations in Yugoslavia announce that it was sending to Kosovo?
Who was an Amnesty International researcher who returned from Kosovo on Sunday?
What have left more than 300 people dead?
What were the deliberate destruction of homes and other gross human rights?
What did Paul Miller cite?
What did Miller say?
What did Amnesty International say some 70,000 people have fled their homes _ about 45,000 to to northern Albania?
What did Amnesty International's Secretary General Pierre Sane say ?
What did Amnesty International's Secretary General Pierre Sane say ``Only the high level of scrutiny given by the international media. . . has prevented''?
What did Miller say has been difficult to determine who among the 250 ethnic Albanians and 50 Serbs had been unlawfully killed?
Where did the U. N. war crimes tribunal investigating human rights violations in Yugoslavia announce?
Who urged the international community to recognize Kosovo ``as a human rights crisis. . . not simply a threat to regional security?''
What is the Kosovo Liberation Army?
What is a comprehensive human rights agenda put in?
What is the armed wing of the Albanian independence movement?
What announced that it was sending investigators to Kosovo?
What did he say ``Only has prevented the number of people displaced or killed from escalating much farther''?
What do ethnic Albanians comprise 90 percent of?
Who has the Kosovo Liberation Army also deliberately or indiscriminately attacked civilians _ Albanian as well as?
Where is a comprehensive human rights agenda put?
What did Amnesty International say have fled their homes _ about 45,000 to other parts of Kosovo, 13,000 to neighboring Montenegro, and another 13,000 to northern Albania?
What said Tuesday?
What did Sane urge to recognize Kosovo ``as a human rights crisis. . . not simply a threat to regional security?''
What have albanian civilians in particular come under from the Yugoslav forces?
What said?
Who has the Kosovo Liberation Army also deliberately or indiscriminately attacked _ Albanian as well as Serb?
Who did Miller say it has been difficult to determine among?
Who said ``only when a comprehensive human rights agenda is put in place can Kosovo's crisis begin to be resolved?''
What said, ``Survivors are fleeing a combination of deliberate or indiscriminate attacks resulting in many dead and wounded, arbitrary arrests or abductions abuses''?
Who said an unknown number of others has been difficult to determine who among the 250 ethnic Albanians and 50 Serbs had been unlawfully killed?
Who comprise 90 percent of the population of the Serbian province?
Who said so far no suspected perpetrators of war crimes have been identified?
What have albanian civilians in particular come under artillery, mortar and other weapons fire from?
Who have come under artillery, mortar and other weapons fire from the Yugoslav forces?
When did Amnesty International say?
What did Sane urge the international community to recognize Kosovo ``as to regional security?''
What were abductions the deliberate destruction of?
What is put in place?
What do ethnic Albanians comprise?
Who was Paul Miller?
Who did Miller say an unknown number of others has been difficult to determine among?
What did Amnesty International's Secretary General Pierre Sane tell that ``war crimes are being committed in Kosovo today?''
Where did the U. N. war crimes tribunal investigating human rights violations in Yugoslavia announce that it was sending investigators?
What did Sane urge the international community to recognize ``as a human rights crisis. . . not simply a threat to regional security?''
Who told a news conference that ``war crimes are being committed in Kosovo today?''
What were abductions?
Who did Miller say among?
What did the U. N. war crimes tribunal investigating human rights violations in Yugoslavia announce to?
Where did Amnesty International say some 70,000 people have fled their homes _ about 45,000 to other parts of Kosovo, 13,000 to neighboring Montenegro, and another 13,000?
What did he say ``Only the high level of scrutiny given by the international media. . . has prevented the number of''?
What did the U. N. war crimes tribunal investigating human rights violations in Yugoslavia announce that it was sending investigators to?
Who did Miller say so far have been identified?
What did Sane urge the international community to recognize Kosovo ``as a human rights crisis. . . not simply a threat to?''
Who cited a number of incidents where there may have been ``grave breaches'' of international law?
Who said ``Only the high level of scrutiny given by the international media. . . has prevented the number of people displaced or killed from escalating much farther''?
Who has the Kosovo Liberation Army also deliberately or indiscriminately attacked as?
What did Paul Miller cite a number of?
When did many of the former Hutu government soldiers and militias return only?
What does Rwanda want?
What said, ``The human rights situation in Rwanda is critical''?
What do we receive?
How many Tutsis and moderate Hutus did the slaughter leave dead?
What did the slaughter leave?
What left more than half a million Tutsis and moderate Hutus dead?
What arrived in Kigali Sunday for five days of talks with the government?
What called on Rwanda Monday to reinstate the U. N. human rights mission it suspended in May because of a disagreement over the agency's operations in the country?
What do we receive almost daily reports about?
Who did the slaughter leave dead?
When did the Amnesty statement say the Rwandan government has set a deadline for reaching agreement on the mission's mandate, otherwise it will close down the operation?
Who fled among bona-fide Hutu refugees?
What did the Amnesty statement say on?
Who returned only in Nov. 1996?
What wants the mission to halt monitoring human rights abuses?
What did Rwanda's present government take in July 1994 after Tutsi-led rebels ousted the extremist Hutu government that had sponsored the genocide?
What said the mandate of the mission was due for review?
What did many of the former Hutu government soldiers and militias fear?
What did the government say for?
What did the Rwandan government say in May it suspended because of lack of coordination?
When did Rwanda's present government take control after Tutsi-led rebels ousted the extremist Hutu government that had sponsored the genocide?
What have Amnesty and the U. N. human rights agency reported that thousands of people have since been killed in by the predominantly Tutsi military?
What was set up following the 1994 genocide?
What did the government say the mandate of the mission was due for?
What did the Rwandan government say in May because of?
What did tutsi-led rebels oust?
What did the government say was due for review?
When did KIGALI, Rwanda _ Amnesty International call on Rwanda Monday to reinstate the U. N. human rights mission?
When did a delegation representing the U. N. Human Rights Field Operations in Rwanda arrive in Kigali Sunday?
Who did many of the former Hutu government soldiers and militias flee among?
What did the Amnesty statement say has set a deadline of July 27 for reaching agreement on the mission's mandate, otherwise it will close down the operation?
What is indispensable for documenting these cases on the ground?
When did the Rwandan government say it suspended the mission because of lack of coordination?
Who receive almost daily reports about killings and ` disappearances, '?
What did a delegation representing the U. N. Human Rights Field Operations in Rwanda arrive in Sunday for five days of talks with the government?
What wants the mission to devote its efforts to educating people about human rights?
What is indispensable for investigating?
What did KIGALI, Rwanda _ Amnesty International call on Rwanda Monday to reinstate the U. N. human rights mission it suspended in May because of?
What did the Rwandan government say in May suspended the mission because of lack of coordination?
What have reported that thousands of people have since been killed in attacks by Hutu rebels and counterattacks by the predominantly Tutsi military?
Who ousted the extremist Hutu government that had sponsored the genocide?
What did the Rwandan government say in May it suspended the mission because of?
What have Amnesty and the U. N. human rights agency reported that thousands of people have since been killed in attacks by Hutu rebels and counterattacks by?
When did the Amnesty statement say the Rwandan government has set for reaching agreement on the mission's mandate, otherwise it will close down the operation?
What said the Rwandan government has set a deadline of July 27 for reaching agreement on the mission's mandate, otherwise it will close down the operation?
When did a delegation representing the U. N. Human Rights Field Operations in Rwanda arrive in Kigali for five days of talks with the government?
Who feared reprisals?
What have Amnesty and the U. N. human rights agency reported in?
What took control in July 1994 after Tutsi-led rebels ousted the extremist Hutu government that had sponsored the genocide?
What said in May it suspended the mission because of lack of coordination?
When do BANGKOK, Thailand _, London-based Amnesty International is urging the military government to avoid possible violence by improving human rights?
Who did Sane suggest freeing jailed members of Aung San Suu Kyi's political party?
When approaches?
Who was leader of the military government?
What did Sane suggest ending against candidates who won a 1990 election the military refused to honor?
Whose comments were contained in an open letter to Gen. Than Shwe?
When do BANGKOK, Thailand _?
When will August 8th be when millions of people across Myanmar demanded an end to 26 years of military rule and the installation of a democratic government?
Who did Sane suggest freeing Aung San Suu Kyi's political party?
Who suggested ending repression against candidates who won a 1990 election the military refused to honor?
Whose political party did Sane suggest freeing jailed members of democracy leader?
Who did Sane suggest ending repression against?
What have rumors of planned civil disobedience inside Myanmar on the anniversary been circulating in?
Who did Sane suggest releasing?
Who suggested releasing political prisoners who were old and sick?
What did the military respond with?
What did Sane write is deeply concerned?
What does the anniversary hold for the Burmese people and for the international community?
Who wrote Amnesty International is deeply concerned?
What was Shwe leader of?
When holds great symbolic significance for the Burmese people and for the international community?
Who did Sane suggest freeing jailed members of democracy leader?
Who suggested freeing jailed members of democracy leader Aung San Suu Kyi's political party?
What were his comments contained in?
Who was Shwe?
What were contained in an open letter to Gen. Than Shwe?
What responded with brutal force?
What have been circulating in Myanmar exile communities in Bangkok?
What were Amnesty's International Secretary General Pierre Sane's comments contained in?
When did campaigning for parliamentary elections draw to a close?
What did campaigning for parliamentary elections urge the international community to wake up to?
How many observers have the U. N. and foreign countries sent to assess whether they are credible?
What is the United States at the best way of returning a degree of political stability even if the elections are troubled?
What find the elections?
What has called the process fundamentally flawed?
What have continued during the one-month election campaign?
What urged the international community to wake up to intimidation and violence against the opposition?
Who are inundated with reports of threats or other forms of intimidation against those who oppose Hun Sen or his ruling party?
What blamed ``near silence'' from the international community for perpetuating the cycle of violence?
What have the U. N. and foreign countries sent 678 observers to assess?
Who have the U. N. and foreign countries sent to assess whether they are credible?
What did campaigning for parliamentary elections urge to wake up to intimidation and violence against the opposition?
What have sent 678 observers to assess whether they are credible?
What are being organized by Cambodia unlike the 1993 United Nations-sponsored elections?
What were backed by 20,000 peacekeepers?
What have killings and attacks on members of the opposition continued during?
How many United Nations-sponsored elections were backed by 20,000 peacekeepers?
What are Sunday's polls being organized by unlike the 1993 United Nations-sponsored elections?
What are human rights workers inundated with?
What did campaigning for parliamentary elections draw to Friday?
What are Sunday's polls being organized by Cambodia unlike?
What have donated the bulk of the dlrs 34 million price tag?
What are credible?
What is the United States at odds with other entities?
What drew to a close Friday?
What is at odds with other entities the best way of returning a degree of political stability even if the elections are troubled?
What are other entities?
What have the U. N. and foreign countries donated the bulk of?
How many observers are credible?
What are the European Union?
What have the U. N. and foreign countries donated?
Who were the 1993 United Nations-sponsored elections backed by?
What has the United States called fundamentally flawed?
What do other entities find?
Who are credible?
What did Amnesty International blame for perpetuating the cycle of violence?
What said the measures are enforced poorly?
Who are the Tamil Tigers fighting for a separate homeland in northeastern Sri Lanka for?
What has introduced several measures to safeguard the welfare of detainees?
What have more than 54,000 people been killed in since 1983?
Who was known as the LTTE?
What did Amnesty International say?
What did Amnesty International say are enforced poorly?
What did the London-based human rights organization say were helping Sri Lanka's military fight the Liberation Tigers of Tamil Eelam in a letter to President Chandrika Kumaratunga?
What have been killed in the fighting since 1983?
What was Sri Lanka?
What did the statement say operated by more than 20 detention camps?
What did the statement say the People's Liberation Organization of Tamil Eelam and the Tamil Eelam Liberation Organization operated by?
Who do the island country's minority Tamils accuse?
What has Sri Lanka's government introduced?
What did the statement say by?
What did the London-based human rights organization say the two groups were helping Sri Lanka's military fight the Liberation Tigers of Tamil Eelam in?
Who do they accuse?
What demanded a government probe into what it said were unauthorized detention camps run by two armed Tamil groups opposed to the secessionist Tamil Tiger rebels?
What did the London-based human rights organization say in a letter to President Chandrika Kumaratunga?
What said the People's Liberation Organization of Tamil Eelam and the Tamil Eelam Liberation Organization operated by more than 20 detention camps?
What are the Tamil Tigers fighting for for the island country's minority Tamils?
How many people have been killed in the fighting since 1983?
When have more than 54,000 people been killed in the fighting?
What said the two groups were helping Sri Lanka's military fight the Liberation Tigers of Tamil Eelam in a letter to President Chandrika Kumaratunga?
What are fighting for a separate homeland in northeastern Sri Lanka for the island country's minority Tamils?
What was COLOMBO?
What was Tamil Eelam known as?
What accuse the majority Sinhalese of discriminating against Tamils in education and jobs?
Who accuse the majority Sinhalese of discriminating against Tamils in education and jobs?
Who did last month dismiss over the affair?
When did the Amnesty International human rights group urge Indonesia to allow a fact-finding team to investigate accusations that the military abducted and tortured pro-democracy activists?
When have only military tribunals probed the kidnapping cases?
What did she say?
Who had the military cracked down on at East Timor, Aceh and Irian Jaya?
Who are to face courts-martial over the abductions?
What did last month dismiss former commander Gen. Prabowo Subianto over?
When were dozens of activists allegedly kidnapped by elite military troops in the months before riots and protests forced former autocratic leader?
What do Indonesian human rights workers say are still missing?
What did Amnesty International campaigner Kerry Brogan say by?
Who told a news conference, ``some urge the government to give access for an independent fact finding team'' to question those allegedly involved''?
What forced former autocratic leader President Suharto to quit in May?
What has Habibie pledged?
Who did riots and protests force President Suharto to quit in May?
Who held talks with Indonesia's armed forces Commander Gen. Wiranto and his intelligence chiefs?
What urged Indonesia on Monday to allow a fact-finding team to investigate accusations that the military abducted and tortured pro-democracy activists?
What have only military tribunals probed to date?
What did Brogan also urge Habibie to abolish under which hundreds of dissidents were imprisoned for criticizing the Suharto government?
What were dozens of activists allegedly kidnapped by in the months before riots and protests forced former autocratic leader President Suharto to quit in May?
What did Amnesty International campaigner Kerry Brogan say should be tried by a civilian court?
Who say 14 are still missing?
What were three troubled provinces?
Who has pledged major political reform?
What do some fear are dead?
How many soldiers are to face courts-martial over the abductions?
What did she say the London-based group also wants the government of President B. J. Habibie to reveal?
When did riots and protests force former autocratic leader President Suharto to quit?
What are ten soldiers to face over the abductions?
What did Amnesty International campaigner Kerry Brogan say the London-based group also wants the government of President B. J. Habibie to reveal details of?
What did Amnesty International campaigner Kerry Brogan say the London-based group also wants the government of President B. J. Habibie to reveal?
What did she say the London-based group also wants to reveal details of human rights abuses in three troubled provinces?
Who was Amnesty?
What also urged Habibie to abolish an anti-subversion law under which hundreds of dissidents were imprisoned for criticizing the Suharto government?
What did Amnesty International campaigner Kerry Brogan say also wants the government of President B. J. Habibie to reveal details of human rights abuses in three troubled provinces?
What are ten soldiers to face courts-martial over?
What did the Amnesty International human rights group urge Indonesia on Monday to allow a fact-finding team to investigate?
What had cracked down on separatists at East Timor, Aceh and Irian Jaya?
What do some still remain behind?
What did the Amnesty International human rights group urge Indonesia on Monday to allow to investigate accusations that the military abducted and tortured pro-democracy activists?
When were dozens of activists allegedly kidnapped by elite military troops before riots and protests forced former autocratic leader President Suharto to quit in May?
What was a longtime critic of the former Suharto regime?
What did she say the London-based group also wants the government of President B. J. Habibie to reveal details of?
Who has released more than 100 political prisoners?
What still remain behind bars?
Who was a son-in-law of Suharto?
What did Amnesty International campaigner Kerry Brogan say those charged should be tried by?
What did she say also wants the government of President B. J. Habibie to reveal details of human rights abuses in three troubled provinces?
Who said the London-based group also wants the government of President B. J. Habibie to reveal details of human rights abuses in three troubled provinces?
How many troubled provinces were East Timor, Aceh and Irian Jaya?
What had the military cracked down on separatists at?
When did riots and protests force former autocratic leader?
Who said those charged should be tried by a civilian court?
Who told a news conference, ``We urge the government to give access for an independent fact finding team'' to question those allegedly involved''?
What were allegedly kidnapped by elite military troops in the months before riots and protests forced former autocratic leader President Suharto to quit in May?
How many political prisoners has Habibie released?
Who was former commander Gen. Prabowo Subianto a son-in-law of?
Who has Habibie released?
What fear they are dead?
What did the Amnesty International human rights group urge on Monday to allow a fact-finding team to investigate accusations that the military abducted and tortured pro-democracy activists?
What were East Timor, Aceh and Irian Jaya?
What did Amnesty International campaigner Kerry Brogan say the London-based group also wants to reveal details of human rights abuses in three troubled provinces?
Who was former commander Gen. Prabowo Subianto?
When dismissed former commander Gen. Prabowo Subianto over the affair?
Who do some fear are dead?
What do some fear?
What do Indonesian human rights workers say?
What have probed the kidnapping cases to date?
Who did Brogan also urge to abolish an anti-subversion law under which hundreds of dissidents were imprisoned for criticizing the Suharto government?
Where had the military cracked down on separatists?
What did Amnesty International campaigner Kerry Brogan say?
Who did riots and protests force former autocratic leader to quit in May?
What did she tell, ``We urge the government to give access for an independent fact finding team'' to question those allegedly involved''?
What was Amnesty a longtime critic of?
What did the government report under?
How many corpses have United Nations discovered in torture's aftermath?
Where were as many as five ethnic Vietnamese recently killed by angry mobs after a poisoning scare?
What called on the Cambodian authorities to release anyone who has been detained for participating in ``peaceful political activities?''
What did Amnesty call on to publicly account for all opposition activists who have been arrested?
Who did Amnesty call on the Cambodian authorities to publicly account for?
Who did the London-based organization urge by?
What did the government report that the other four were still under?
What ordered police to break up street rallies protesting alleged ballot fraud by strongman Hun Sen's ruling Cambodian People's Party during the July election?
Who were killed?
What did the government respond over the weekend to?
What prompt speculation that the death tally could be higher?
What were several of the bodies found with their hands bound behind their backs or shot at?
Who were recently killed in Phnom Penh by angry mobs after a poisoning scare?
Who were arrested during the crackdown?
What did PHNOM PENH The human rights group Amnesty International on Tuesday call on countries concerned about Cambodia's political crisis to pressure its government to end?
What said, ``We regret the inflammatory rhetoric that opposition figures have used against Cambodia's ethnic Vietnamese minority, and condemn recent racist attacks''?
What were as many as five ethnic Vietnamese recently killed in Phnom Penh by angry mobs after?
What were authorities who abuse these latest human rights violations's power reinforced by?
What did the Cambodian government order police to break up?
What were several of the bodies found with at close range?
What did the government report that one murder appeared to be the result of?
What are foreign ministers from the group meeting this week at the U. N. General Assembly session in?
What said in a statement received by e-mail, ``These latest human rights violations are the consequence of near-total impunity for authorities who abuse their power''?
How many ethnic Vietnamese were recently killed in Phnom Penh by angry mobs after a poisoning scare?
Who were dozens more injured?
What called on the Cambodian authorities to publicly account for all opposition activists who have been arrested?
When are foreign ministers from the group meeting at the U. N. General Assembly session in New York?
What did Amnesty call on to release anyone who has been detained for participating in ``peaceful political activities?''
What was PHNOM PENH?
What were as many as five ethnic Vietnamese recently killed in by angry mobs after a poisoning scare?
What did the government suggest that at least some of the murders were?
What did the London-based organization urge the ``Friends of Cambodia'' _ _ to use its influence to ease repressive measures by opposition members of parliament?
What called on countries concerned about Cambodia's political crisis to pressure its government to end violence and intimidation directed against the opposition?
What are foreign ministers from the group meeting this week at in New York?
What was Cambodia _?
What have United Nations discovered in torture's aftermath?
What did Amnesty International say in, ``These latest human rights violations are the consequence of near-total impunity for authorities who abuse their power''?
What were at least four protesters arrested during?
What have United Nations discovered in its aftermath?
What have United Nations discovered 21 corpses in?
What reported that one murder appeared to be the result of an extramarital affair?
What did the government report?
What do United Nations prompt?
How many corpses have United Nations discovered in its aftermath?
Where are foreign ministers from the group meeting this week at the U. N. General Assembly session?
Who are meeting this week at the U. N. General Assembly session in New York?
What were as many as five ethnic Vietnamese recently killed in Phnom Penh by after a poisoning scare?
What was made to the crackdown on the street demonstrations?
What did the government suggest?
Who were reinforced by the complicit silence of the international community?
How many protesters were dozens more injured?
What suggested that at least some of the murders were the result of common crimes?
What have discovered 21 corpses in its aftermath?
What did the government report that one murder appeared to be?
What was no link made to?
What reported that the other four were still under investigation?
What did Amnesty call on the Cambodian authorities to release?''
What were authorities who abuse their power reinforced by?
How many protesters were arrested during the crackdown?
How many protesters were killed?
What have discovered 21 corpses in torture's aftermath?
Who did the London-based organization urge the ``Friends of Cambodia'' _ by?
What did the Cambodian government order to break up street rallies protesting alleged ballot fraud by strongman Hun Sen's ruling Cambodian People's Party during the July election?
What did the government suggest that at least some of the murders were the result of?
What were found with their hands bound behind their backs or shot at close range?
What did PHNOM PENH The human rights group Amnesty International on Tuesday call on to pressure its government to end violence and intimidation directed against the opposition?
What is also known as Burma?
What did the organization complain that since Labor took power, the Trade Department has granted 10 licenses for arms exports to?
What is Britain's total weapons trade with Indonesia worth a year?
What cited China _ criticized by Amnesty International for having the death penalty _ as countries that Britain treats delicately in a report?
What did Foreign Secretary Robin Cook pledge soon afterward to put ``at the heart of foreign policy?''
How many licenses for arms exports did the organization complain that since Labor took power, the Trade Department has granted to Algeria?
What said, ``Commercial and strategic interests often still dominate foreign policy''?
What did the organization cite by in a report?
What did the government block two small arms deals to worth about 1 million pounds?
What said?
What said genuine cases were regarded with grave skepticism by government officials on asylum seekers _ whose numbers have soared in recent years?
What complained that since Labor took power, the Trade Department has granted 10 licenses for arms exports to Algeria?
What did Amnesty International say genuine cases were regarded with grave skepticism by government officials on seekers _ whose numbers have soared in recent years?
Where did the government block two small arms deals worth about 1 million pounds?
What did Foreign Secretary Robin Cook pledge soon afterward to put human rights ``at?''
Where did the organization complain?
What was Saudi Arabia, Indonesia and the United States?
What did the organization cite _ criticized by Amnesty International for having the death penalty _ as countries that Britain treats delicately in a report?
What did Amnesty International say has made real improvements since Labor defeated the Conservative Party government in May 1997 national elections?
What did Amnesty International say genuine cases were regarded with by government officials on asylum seekers _ whose numbers have soared in recent years?
What was Iraq and Myanmar?
What was Saudi Arabia?
What did the organization cite China _ criticized by for having the death penalty _ as countries that Britain treats delicately in a report?
What did Amnesty International say the Foreign Office has made real improvements since Labor defeated the Conservative Party government in?
What was China?
Who did Amnesty International say genuine cases were regarded with grave skepticism by government officials on asylum _ whose numbers have soared in recent years?
What did the organization complain that since Labor took power, the Trade Department has granted to Algeria?
What did a Trade Department spokeswoman say after?
What did a Trade Department spokeswoman speak on?
What is worth more than 200 million pounds a year?
Who said licenses were granted only after consultations with the Foreign Office and Defense Ministry?
What said, ``The principal message that the government is sending to those who flee persecution is to keep out of the United Kingdom''?
What did Amnesty International say with on asylum seekers _ whose numbers have soared in recent years?
What took power?
What said the Foreign Office has made real improvements since Labor defeated the Conservative Party government in May 1997 national elections?
What was negligible trade?
What is Myanmar also known as?
What was 64?
Who did Amnesty International say genuine cases were regarded with grave skepticism by on asylum seekers _ whose numbers have soared in recent years?
What did Amnesty International say Tuesday LONDON _ Despite?
What was including Sudan?
What did the government block to Indonesia of Land Rovers and sniper rifles worth about 1 million pounds?
When is Britain's total weapons trade with Indonesia worth more than 200 million pounds?
What did Amnesty International say were regarded with grave skepticism by government officials on asylum seekers _ whose numbers have soared in recent years?
When did Amnesty International say genuine cases were regarded with grave skepticism by government officials on asylum seekers _?
How many small arms deals did the government block to Indonesia of Land Rovers and sniper rifles worth about 1 million pounds?
What was Algeria?
What did a Trade Department spokeswoman say were granted only after consultations with the Foreign Office and Defense Ministry?
Who spoke on condition of anonymity?
Who pledged soon afterward to put human rights ``at the heart of foreign policy?''
What did Labor take?
What did the government block two small arms deals to Indonesia of Land Rovers and sniper rifles worth?
What did Amnesty International say in?
What blocked two small arms deals to Indonesia of Land Rovers and sniper rifles worth about 1 million pounds?
What did the organization cite China _ criticized by Amnesty International for having the death penalty _ as countries that Britain treats delicately in?
What was Sudan?
What did Amnesty International say the Foreign Office has made in May 1997 national elections?
Where did the organization complain that since Labor took power, the Trade Department has granted 10 licenses for arms exports?
What was 10 for Colombia, 59 for Saudi Arabia for Indonesia and 146 for Turkey?
What did a Trade Department spokeswoman say licenses were granted only after?
What did the organization complain to?
When did Prime Minister Mahathir Mohhamad dismiss Anwar?
Who was Malayasia's jailed former deputy prime minister?
Who did Amnesty International say have also been detained?
Who was Anwar Ibrahim?
What did LONDON _ Amnesty International give its backing Friday to Malayasia's jailed former deputy prime minister saying?''
Who did LONDON _ Amnesty International give its backing Friday to Malayasia's jailed former deputy prime minister saying that he was?''
Who was arrested on Sunday?
Whose jailed former deputy prime minister was Anwar Ibrahim?
What did LONDON _ Amnesty International give its backing Friday to Malayasia's jailed former deputy prime minister saying that he was a ``prisoner of?''
What said fourteen of his associates have also been detained?
When was Anwar arrested?
What said fourteen of Anwar's associates have also been detained?
Who did LONDON _ Amnesty International give its backing Friday to saying that he was a ``prisoner of conscience?''
Who dismissed Anwar on Sept. 2?
What was the right to a fair trial and the treatment of detainees?
Whose jailed former deputy prime minister did LONDON _ Amnesty International give its backing Friday to saying that he was a ``prisoner of conscience?''
What added, ``By misusing Malaysia's laws to detain political opponents, Prime Minister Mahathir is contravening international legal standards on freedom of expression''?
What gave its backing Friday to Malayasia's jailed former deputy prime minister saying that he was a ``prisoner of conscience?''
Who did Prime Minister Mahathir Mohhamad dismiss on Sept. 2?
What was expression?
Who did President Kim become to win the presidency after emerging victorious from elections last December?
What has President Kim Dae-jung promised to launch to monitor human rights violations by police, prosecutors, intelligence officials and other government agencies?
What did Justice Minister Park Sang-cheon say the government plan was ``will follow on Tuesday?
Who became the first opposition leader to win the presidency after emerging victorious from elections last December?
When did President Kim become the first opposition leader to win after emerging victorious from elections last December?
What accused the South Korean government Saturday of trying to control what was supposed to be an independent national human rights commission SEOUL _ London-based human rights?
What has President Kim Dae-jung promised to launch a watchdog commission to monitor by police, prosecutors, intelligence officials and other government agencies?
What does not in its present form conform to international human rights standards?
What has he since promised to promote?
Who said the government plan was ``just a draft'' and more public consultation will follow on Tuesday?
Who said in an open letter to President Kim?
What did Justice Minister Park Sang-cheon say was ``just a draft'' and more public consultation will follow on Tuesday?
What was a copy of which was faxed to The Associated Press?
Who had himself been persecuted by former authoritarian leaders?
Who did President Kim have been persecuted by former authoritarian leaders?
What did Justice Minister Park Sang-cheon say on Tuesday?
What did Justice Minister Park Sang-cheon say the government plan was ``on Tuesday?
Who has since promised to promote human rights?
Who will be government officials or people recommended by the justice minister?
Who had Justice Minister Park Sang-cheon been persecuted by former authoritarian leaders?
Who has promised to launch a watchdog commission to monitor human rights violations by police, prosecutors, intelligence officials and other government agencies?
What has President Kim Dae-jung promised to launch a watchdog commission to monitor human rights violations by?
Who will be government officials or people appointed by the president?
What has the first opposition leader since promised to promote?
What does the draft legislation not in its present form conform to?
What did group Amnesty International accuse the South Korean government Saturday of trying to control SEOUL _ London-based human rights?
What did group Amnesty International accuse the South Korean government Saturday of trying to control what was supposed to be an independent national human rights commission SEOUL _?
What does the draft legislation not in conform to international human rights standards?
What said, ``We are therefore extremely concerned that the government. . . intends to secure adoption of this law without adequate public consultation''?
What was South Korea?
What did Amnesty International Secretary General Pierre Sane say in?
When did Justice Minister Park Sang-cheon say the government plan was ``just a draft'' and more public consultation will follow?
What was the letter?
What was SEOUL?
When did Amnesty International say Hoffman has served as the unpaid director and chairman of Amnesty International Charity Ltd. which gets donations for work on human rights?
What said Hoffman has served since 1990 as the unpaid director and chairman of Amnesty International Charity Ltd. which gets donations for work on human rights?
What is Home Secretary Jack Straw awaiting under police guard in a rented mansion at Wentworth, some 20 miles west of London?
Who is a liberal South African?
What wants Home Secretary Jack Straw back?
What wants him back?
What was Hoffman an opponent of who settled in Britain in the ` 60s?
Who is his wife?
Whose Downing Street office, and opponents planned a wreath-laying for victims of his secret police did Pinochet supporters demonstrate outside?
Who must Home Secretary Jack Straw decide by Friday by?
Who ruled against Pinochet?
Who is Gillian?
Who is Home Secretary Jack Straw's wife?
Who was an opponent of apartheid who settled in Britain in the ` 60s?
Whose wife is a secretary in Amnesty International's press office in London?
Who is awaiting Straw's decision under police guard in a rented mansion at Wentworth, some 20 miles west of London?
What do the five judges _ in an usual move _ allowed lawyers for Amnesty International to make in the Pinochet case?
Whose decision is Home Secretary Jack Straw awaiting under police guard in a rented mansion at Wentworth, some 20 miles west of London?
How many judges _ in an usual move _ allowed lawyers for Amnesty International to make representations in the Pinochet case?
Who did she accuse?
Who was Hoffman?
Whose Downing Street office, and opponents planned a wreath-laying for victims of Prime Minister Tony Blair's secret police did Pinochet supporters demonstrate outside?
Who is a secretary in Amnesty International's press office in London?
Whose wife is a liberal South African?
What is he awaiting under police guard in a rented mansion at Wentworth, some 20 miles west of London?
Who did Amnesty International say Hoffman has served since 1990 as?
Who demonstrated outside Prime Minister Tony Blair's Downing Street office, and opponents planned a wreath-laying for victims of Prime Minister Tony Blair's secret police?
What was Hoffman?
What do the five judges _ in an usual move _ allowed lawyers for Amnesty International to make representations in?
Who did Amnesty International say has served since 1990 as the unpaid director and chairman of Amnesty International Charity Ltd. which gets donations for work on human rights?
When must Home Secretary Jack Straw decide whether extradition proceedings can go ahead following the 3-2 ruling Nov. 25 by five judges of Britain's highest court?
Who was a regular visitor to Britain?
Who do the five judges _ in an usual move _ allowed to make representations in the Pinochet case?
What did Pinochet supporters demonstrate outside?
What was the latest twist in the tug-of-war over Pinochet?
Who _ allowed lawyers for Amnesty International to make representations in the Pinochet case?
Who is he awaiting Straw's decision under?
Who did the native South African, Lord Johan Steyn rule against?
Who was Pinochet?
What did Amnesty International spokeswoman Soraya Bermejo say Hoffman and his wife had?
When did Amnesty International say?
What did an elect Marxist a Chilean government report says at?
Who did he overthrow?
Whose 1973-90 rule did an elect Marxist a Chilean government report says at?
Who is Home Secretary Jack Straw awaiting Straw's decision under?
What did an elect Marxist says 3,197 people were murdered or disappeared at the hands of the secret police during Pinochet's 1973-90 rule after he overthrew Salvador Allende?
Who said Hoffman and his wife had no involvement in the Pinochet campaign?
Who does Chile's government want back?
What can extradition proceedings go ahead Nov. 25 by five judges of Britain's highest court?
When can extradition proceedings go ahead following the 3-2 ruling by five judges of Britain's highest court?
Who was 64?
Who did Amnesty International spokeswoman Soraya Bermejo say had no involvement in the Pinochet campaign?
Who must decide by Friday whether extradition proceedings can go ahead following the 3-2 ruling Nov. 25 by five judges of Britain's highest court?
What was controversy over links with Amnesty International of South African-born Lord Justice Leonard Hoffman?
Who overthrew Salvador Allende?
Who demonstrated outside Prime Minister Tony Blair's Downing Street office, and opponents planned a wreath-laying for victims of his secret police?
Who told the AP, ``There are many lawyers who have links with human rights organizations''?
Whose decision is he awaiting under police guard in a rented mansion at Wentworth, some 20 miles west of London?
What did Ms. Bermejo tell, ``There are many lawyers who have links with human rights organizations''?
What did Home Secretary Jack Straw overthrow?
Who accused Pincohet supporters of trying to divert attention from the basic issue of whether he should be tried?
Who can extradition proceedings go ahead following the 3-2 ruling Nov. 25 by?
Whose wife is Gillian?
What can go ahead following the 3-2 ruling Nov. 25 by five judges of Britain's highest court?
Who said, ``Effectively, we are seeking an injunction deferring implementation of any adverse decision pending a challenge''?
What have the general's lawyers complained that a five-member panel in the House of Lords is?
What does Amnesty International fear to?
What would Amnesty International's first move likely be to argue before a judge?
What is seeking the general's extradition for killings?
What did Lords rule 3-2 on Nov. 25 that Pinochet did not have immunity from?
What have the general's lawyers complained?
What did Lords rule 3-2 on Nov. 25 that Pinochet did not have from arrest?
Where did Pinochet remain under police guard?
What did speculation increase?
When did Lords rule 3-2 that Pinochet did not have immunity from arrest?
What can make a last bid to keep him in Europe?
Who was not seen in public since Geoffrey Bindman's Oct. 16 arrest in a London hospital?
Whose lawyers have complained that a five-member panel in the House of Lords is the head of Amnesty International fundraising arm?
What did Pinochet remain under police guard in?
What would its first move likely be to argue before a judge?
What was Pinochet not seen in public since his Oct. 16 arrest in?
When reported that Straw had refused to give Bindman any advance notice of his decision?
Who has to make by Friday the lawyers moved as speculation increased that Home Secretary Jack Straw was close to announcing the decision?
Who did Geoffrey Bindman say, ``We are asking the court to give us the opportunity to challenge any decision to''?
Who was not seen in public since his Oct. 16 arrest in a London hospital?
Who said, ``We are asking the court to give us the opportunity to challenge any decision he might make which is adverse to us''?
What does he have to make by Friday the lawyers moved as speculation increased?
What did the Times of London report?
What sought a High Court injunction Wednesday to stop Gen. Augusto Pinochet fleeing the country if the British government blocks his extradition to Spain to face charges of genocide?
What would likely be to argue before a judge that any decision by Straw to block extradition would be lawfully wrong?
What was Pinochet not seen in since Geoffrey Bindman's Oct. 16 arrest in a London hospital?
What can make a last bid to keep the 83-year-old general in Europe?
What is Lords?
What did Lords rule 3-2 on Nov. 25 from?
Who did Pinochet remain under in a rented mansion at Wentworth, 20 miles west of London?
Who have complained that a five-member panel in the House of Lords is the head of Amnesty International fundraising arm?
Who does he have to make by Friday moved as speculation increased that Home Secretary Jack Straw was close to announcing the decision?
Who ruled 3-2 on Nov. 25 that Pinochet did not have immunity from arrest?
What reported Wednesday?
What is Spain seeking for killings?
What was Pinochet not seen in public since in a London hospital?
Where does Amnesty International fear?
What can the group make?
Whose Oct. 16 arrest was Pinochet not seen in public since in a London hospital?
Whose security forces do Spain torture by during his 17-year regime?
What torture by his security forces during his 17-year regime?
Who remained under police guard in a rented mansion at Wentworth, 20 miles west of London?
What do Spain torture by his security forces during?
When does Home Secretary Jack Straw have to make the lawyers moved as speculation increased that Home Secretary Jack Straw was close to announcing the decision?
Who does Home Secretary Jack Straw have to make by Friday moved as speculation increased that Home Secretary Jack Straw was close to announcing the decision?
What do Spain torture by during his 17-year regime?
What have the general's lawyers complained that a five-member panel in the House of Lords is the head of?
What does Home Secretary Jack Straw have to make by Friday the lawyers moved as speculation increased?
What was Pinochet not seen in since his Oct. 16 arrest in a London hospital?
What sought a High Court injunction Wednesday to torture?
When does he have to make the lawyers moved as speculation increased that Home Secretary Jack Straw was close to announcing the decision?
What is Spain seeking the general's extradition for?
What do Spain torture by Geoffrey Bindman's security forces during?
Who was a lawyer for Amnesty International and other human rights groups?
What torture by Geoffrey Bindman's security forces during his 17-year regime?
What increased that Home Secretary Jack Straw was close to announcing the decision?
Whose extradition is Spain seeking for killings?
Who did Geoffrey Bindman say, ``We are asking the court to give us the opportunity to challenge any decision he might make to''?
What was Pinochet not seen in public since Geoffrey Bindman's Oct. 16 arrest in?
When did british newspapers report?
Who was Geoffrey Bindman?
What did Lords rule on Nov. 25 that Pinochet did not have immunity from arrest?
Who is Britain's highest court?
What recognizes extensive human rights coverage Suwimol Taewasilachaikul said the award _ being given for the first time?
Who is a weekly magazine?
Who are the individuals from Mathichon?
Who are Kavi Chongkittavorn, executive editor at The Nation, and Boonlert Changyai from Mathichon?
Who said that Boonlert had extensively covered the plight of the general public in Thailand?
Who did BANGKOK The Thailand office of Amnesty International announce Monday for?
What did BANGKOK The Thailand office of Amnesty International announce Monday that three publications and two journalists have won for Human Rights?
What is Arthit Wikroh?
Who did BANGKOK The Thailand office of Amnesty International announce Monday that three publications and two journalists have won its 1998 Journalism Award for?
What did Suwimol say?
When did BANGKOK The Thailand office of Amnesty International announce that three publications and two journalists have won its 1998 Journalism Award for Human Rights?
When does _ recognize extensive human rights coverage Suwimol Taewasilachaikul said?
Who is director of the office?
Who are the individuals Kavi Chongkittavorn, executive editor at The Nation, and Boonlert Changyai from?
What was BANGKOK?
Who is Suwimol Taewasilachaikul?
Whose coverage did Suwimol say?
Who does _ recognize extensive human rights coverage said the award _ being given for the first time?
What is Suwimol Taewasilachaikul director of?
What did Suwimol say that Boonlert had extensively covered?
What announced Monday that three publications and two journalists have won its 1998 Journalism Award for Human Rights?
What will be presented Thursday?
What did Suwimol say that Kavi's coverage had made?
Who said that Kavi's coverage had made a strong impact in Southeast Asia?
What are the publications the English-language newspaper The Nation, Mathichon, a Thai language daily, and Arthit Wikroh focusing on?
What does _ recognize extensive human rights coverage Suwimol Taewasilachaikul said _ being given for the first time?
When will the awards be presented?
What was Thailand _?
What did Suwimol say that Boonlert had extensively covered the plight of?
What does _ recognize coverage Suwimol Taewasilachaikul said the award _ being given for the first time?
What are the English-language newspaper The Nation, Mathichon, a Thai language daily, and Arthit Wikroh focusing on social and political developments?
When does _ recognize extensive human rights coverage Suwimol Taewasilachaikul said the award _ being given?
What did the Amnesty International Pierre Sane make in addition?
When did Sane warn that human rights cannot be ignored in the rush to attain peace?
When was JERUSALEM?
What did Sane criticize in interrogating Palestinian detainees suspected of being involved in violent attacks?
What did Sane criticize Israel's continued use of in interrogating Palestinian detainees suspected of being involved in violent attacks?
What do the Amnesty International Pierre Sane look at?
What warned today that Israel will set a sinister precedent if it legalizes forms of torture against Palestinian detainees?
Who did the delegation meet with Wednesday?
What did he demand that both Israel and the Palestinian National Authority ban?
Who added that the Israeli authorities must ensure that the trials are fair?
What did Sane say to on the first visit ever by head of Amnesty International to Israel in nine years?
What was human rights?
When did Sane and his delegation arrive here?
What did he say that he was concerned that human rights issues are being pushed aside in?
What did JERUSALEM warn today?
What did he add?
Who did Sane say that he has come to the region to ensure by on the first visit ever by head of Amnesty International to Israel in nine years?
Who issued the warning during a meeting with Israeli Justice Minister David Liba'i here?
What did the Amnesty International Pierre Sane say that he was concerned in?
Where did Sane say on the first visit ever by head of Amnesty International to Israel in nine years?
What did Sane demand?
What did he make in addition?
What did the Amnesty International Pierre Sane say that he was concerned that human rights issues are being pushed aside in?
What did the Amnesty International Pierre Sane demand that both Israel and the Palestinian National Authority ban?
When did the delegation meet with PNA President Yasser Arafat and four Palestinian Council members in the Gaza Strip?
Who warned that human rights cannot be ignored in the rush to attain peace on Wednesday?
Who demanded that both Israel and the Palestinian National Authority ban policies that violate human rights?
What do you look at?
What did he say that he was concerned in?
What was peace?
Who said that he was concerned that human rights issues are being pushed aside in favor of security concerns?
Who arrived here on Tuesday?
What did Sane warn in on Wednesday?
What did the Amnesty International Pierre Sane make a request that the PNA stop unfair trials and abolish death penalty in?
What look at the priorities of the various parties?
What did he say in?
Who said?
What added that the Israeli authorities must ensure that the trials are fair?
What was February 8-- Secretary General of the Amnesty International Pierre Sane?
What demanded that both Israel and the Palestinian National Authority ban policies that violate human rights?
Who demanded that the PNA halt methods of torture and put an end to arbitrary political arrests in the autonomous areas?
What added that administrative detention must also be stopped?
What did the Amnesty International Pierre Sane add?
What said?
What did the Amnesty International Pierre Sane add that the Israeli authorities must ensure?
What did he add that the Israeli authorities must ensure?
Who urged Israel to stop such legislation?
What did he demand?
Who looks at the priorities of the various parties?
Who spoke to reporters following the meeting?
What did Sane issue the warning during here?
When did JERUSALEM warn that Israel will set a sinister precedent if it legalizes forms of torture against Palestinian detainees?
What did Sane demand that the PNA halt?
What did he make a request that the PNA stop unfair trials and abolish death penalty in?
What did the Amnesty International Pierre Sane demand?
What did JERUSALEM warn today that Israel will set if it legalizes forms of torture against Palestinian detainees?
What did Sane issue during a meeting with Israeli Justice Minister David Liba'i here?
What met with PNA President Yasser Arafat and four Palestinian Council members in the Gaza Strip Wednesday?
What did the Amnesty International Pierre Sane say in?
Who criticized Israel's continued use of torture and other inhumane methods in interrogating Palestinian detainees suspected of being involved in violent attacks?
What did Sane urge Israel to stop?
Who added that administrative detention must also be stopped?
Who did Sane speak to?
Where did Sane say that he has come on the first visit ever by head of Amnesty International to Israel in nine years?
What said that he was concerned that human rights issues are being pushed aside in favor of security concerns?
What did Sane warn that human rights cannot be ignored in on Wednesday?
What did Sane urge to stop such legislation?
What did Sane say that he has come to on the first visit ever by head of Amnesty International to Israel in nine years?
What made a request that the PNA stop unfair trials and abolish death penalty in addition?
Who made a request that the PNA stop unfair trials and abolish death penalty in addition?
What noted it makes no mention of the constitutional and all legal reforms that Turkey carried out last year in a bid to enhance human rights?
What fails to take adequate account of changes in Turkey during 1995?
What did it add that Amnesty has again brushed aside?
When did the statement add?
What did the statement note makes no mention of the constitutional and all legal reforms that Turkey carried out last year in a bid to enhance human rights?
What did the statement say Amnesty plays down?
What did the statement add that the Amnesty International's annual report gives in 1995?
What did the statement note it makes no mention of?
What said?
Who did the statement say exaggerates alleged abuses by the forces of law and order?
What does the report fail to take adequate account of during 1995?
What did the statement add that the Amnesty International's annual report gives a distorted and defective picture of in 1995?
What does the report simply repeat?
When was ANKARA?
What did the statement say by?
What did the statement note it makes?
What does the report fail to take during 1995?
What added that Amnesty has again brushed aside the fact that Turkey has a functioning parliamentary democracy and terrorists are trying to undermine it by force?
What did a statement issued by Turkey's Foreign Ministry add that Amnesty has again brushed aside?
Who did the statement say plays down terrorist violence?
What added that the Amnesty International's annual report gives a distorted and defective picture of the human rights situation in Turkey in 1995?
What did it add?
What did the statement note Amnesty International's 1996 annual report on human rights makes?
What did the statement say Amnesty exaggerates alleged abuses by?
What did a statement issued by Turkey's Foreign Ministry say here today is flawed and one-sided?
What did a statement issued by Turkey's Foreign Ministry add?
What said here today ANKARA-- Amnesty International's 1996 annual report on human rights is flawed and one-sided?
What said that Turkey is surprised and disappointed to find itself again the target for unfair accusations by Amnesty International?
What said Amnesty plays down terrorist violence?
What simply repeats allegations it made in previous years?
What did the statement say Amnesty exaggerates alleged by the forces of law and order?
When did the statement add that the Amnesty International's annual report gives a distorted and defective picture of the human rights situation in Turkey?
What was June 24?
What said Amnesty exaggerates alleged abuses by the forces of law and order?
What fails to make it sufficiently clear that violence can never be a legitimate instrument in the pursuit of human rights?
When did a statement issued by Turkey's Foreign Ministry say ANKARA-- Amnesty International's 1996 annual report on human rights is flawed and one-sided?
What does Amnesty fail to make sufficiently clear that violence can never be a legitimate instrument in the pursuit of human rights?
What did the statement note Amnesty International's 1996 annual report on human rights makes no mention of?
When does the report fail to take adequate account of changes in Turkey?
What was quoted as saying, ``ISLAMABAD is clear that Taliban guards are busy implementing a reign of terror in Kabul''?
What said a report coming from Kabul?
What was October 3-- The Afghan Taliban Militia today criticized Amnesty International for interfering in Afghanistan's internal affairs?
What did ISLAMABAD say?
What captured the Afghan capital last Friday after three days of fighting with troops loyal to Rabbani?
Who noted that such criticism was ``an aggression against Islam'' and could not be tolerated?
What was Amnesty International quoted as saying, ``It is clear in''?
Where was Amnesty International quoted as saying, ``It is clear''?
When was ISLAMABAD?
What was Amnesty International quoted as saying, ``ISLAMABAD is clear in''?
Who said?
What was quoted as saying, ``It is clear that Taliban guards are busy implementing a reign of terror in Kabul''?
Where was Amnesty International quoted as saying, ``ISLAMABAD is clear''?
What did Muttaqi note?
When did the Taliban capture the Afghan capital last Friday?
When has the Nigerian government uncovered plans by the AI to organize a massive demostration this year in another development?
What has uncovered plans by the AI to organize a massive demostration on November 10 this year in another development?
When was LAGOS?
What has the Nigerian government uncovered plans by the AI to organize a massive demostration on November 10 this year in?
What has the Nigerian government uncovered by the AI to organize a massive demostration on November 10 this year in another development?
What demands the immediate release of all prisoners?
What has submitted a 10-point document on reform of human rights to the Nigerian government?
What has the group submitted?
What has the Nigerian government uncovered plans by to organize a massive demostration on November 10 this year in another development?
What launched a worldwide campaign today in an attempt to force the Nigerian government out of what the organization called ``comtempt for human rights''?
What did LAGOS launch a worldwide campaign today in?
What was November 6-- The Amensty International?
What does human rights demand?
Who does human rights demand the immediate release of?
Who highlighted his government's commitment to upholding the doctrine of separation of powers?
What did Kenyan Vice-President George Saitoti today underline the independence of?
What was June 5?
Who is Saitoti also?
What did he point out that the government had appointed a task force to review?
What did he underline?
What cover a range of issues including constitutional reform, ordinary legislative reform and executive administration of laws?
What did the Kenyan leader say by?
Who did Kenyan Vice-President George Saitoti today add that a legal notice had been from?
Who termed as ``fiction'' of alleged executive interference of judiciary?
What did Kenyan Vice-President George Saitoti today underline?
What did the Kenyan leader say that President Daniel arap Moi pledged on June 1 by?
What did Kenyan Vice-President George Saitoti today add that a legal notice had been promulgated delinking from the executive?
What did NAIROBI-- Kenyan Vice-President George Saitoti today express''?
What did the vice-president point out that the government had appointed a task force to review?
What added?
Who said that after the general elections this year, a commission would be appointed to review the Kenya constitution?
What did Kenyan Vice-President George Saitoti today note that his government would not succumb to?''
Who did Kenyan Vice-President George Saitoti today add that a legal notice had been promulgated delinking the judiciary from?
What did the vice-president say after?
Who did he add that a legal notice had been promulgated delinking the judiciary from?
What did the vice-president point out?
When was NAIROBI?
Who underlined the independence of Kenya's judiciary?
Who added that a legal notice had been promulgated delinking the judiciary from the executive?
What do the concerns raised in the memorandum cover?
Who did he add that a legal notice had been from?
What did the vice-president say that after, a commission would be appointed to review the Kenya constitution?
What did the Kenyan leader tell the visiting Amnesty International delegation led by Secretary General Pierre Sane that his government appreciated constructive criticism made in good faith in?
What expressed the hope that Amnesty International would in the future ``be sensitive to Kenya's national sovereignty''?
What did he note that his government would not succumb to?''
Who did Kenyan Vice-President George Saitoti today add from?
What did he underline the independence of?
What did the Kenyan leader say that President Daniel arap Moi pledged on June 1 that the public order act would be replaced by?
What do the concerns raised in the memorandum cover a range of including constitutional reform, ordinary legislative reform and executive administration of laws?
What is Saitoti also Minister of?
Who is also Minister of Planning and National Development?
What did he add that a legal notice had been promulgated delinking from the executive?
Who referred to the constitutional reforms?
What did Saitoti highlight?
What did Saitoti term as?
Who added?
What did Kenyan Vice-President George Saitoti today note to?''
What did he note to?''
What did the vice-president refer to?
Who did he add from?
What did he point out?
What did Sane accuse the Kenyan government of of suspects in the east African country at a press conference held yesterday following a 12-day fact-finding mission in Kenya?
What has accused Amnesty International of applying double standard in the assessment of human rights violation in the country?
Who was Pierre Sane?
What was NAIROBI speaking on Wednesday at during a workshop of the stakeholders in the small-scale enterprises?
What did Kenyan President Daniel arap Moi say?
When was he speaking at both the Kenyan International Conference Center and the Kenya Science Teachers College during a workshop of the stakeholders in the small-scale enterprises?
What did he wonder in?
Who carried guns in certain countries?
Who was speaking on Wednesday at both the Kenyan International Conference Center and the Kenya Science Teachers College during a workshop of the stakeholders in the small-scale enterprises?
What is June 12-- Kenyan President Daniel arap Moi?
What did he say that Kenyans did not require people like Pierre Sane to lecture on how to conduct their affairs?
What was Pierre Sane Secretary General of?
When was NAIROBI speaking at both the Kenyan International Conference Center and the Kenya Science Teachers College during a workshop of the stakeholders in the small-scale enterprises?
Who did he say that Kenyans did not require people like Pierre Sane to lecture on how to conduct their affairs?
What did the Kenyan government say in a statement in response to the manefesto and press release issued by Amnesty International?
What did the Kenyan government say that all allegations by the organization were calculated to incite Kenyans against their government in?
What did the Kenyan Head of State point out?
What did mass killings occur in yet no human rights action appear to deter the trend?
What did Kenyan President Daniel arap Moi say that Kenyans did not require people like Pierre Sane to lecture on how to conduct their affairs?
What has NAIROBI accused of applying double standard in the assessment of human rights violation in the country?
What did Sane accuse the Kenyan government of alleged human rights violations and police torture of suspects in the east African country at?
What was he speaking on Wednesday at both the Kenyan International Conference Center and the Kenya Science Teachers College during?
What was speaking on Wednesday at both the Kenyan International Conference Center and the Kenya Science Teachers College during a workshop of the stakeholders in the small-scale enterprises?
What did mass killings occur in others yet appear to deter the trend?
Who did Kenyan President Daniel arap Moi say that Kenyans did not require people like Pierre Sane to lecture on how to conduct their affairs?
What was NAIROBI speaking on Wednesday at both the Kenyan International Conference Center and the Kenya Science Teachers College during?
Who said that Kenyans did not require people like Pierre Sane to lecture them on how to conduct their affairs?
What was he speaking on Wednesday at during a workshop of the stakeholders in the small-scale enterprises?
What did mass killings occur in others yet?
Who pointed out that Amnesty International treated police officers as if they were not part of mankind?
Who did the Kenyan Head of State point out that Amnesty International treated as if they were not part of mankind?
Who did Sane accuse the Kenyan government of alleged human rights violations and police torture of at a press conference held yesterday following a 12-day fact-finding mission in Kenya?
Who was Secretary General of the Amnesty International?
What did children carry in certain countries?
What did mass killings occur in others yet no human rights action appear to deter?
What occurred in others yet no human rights action appear to deter the trend?
What did President Moi point out than?
What did President Moi point out that Kenya's human rights record was far much better than the grim picture in?
What did Kenyan President Daniel arap Moi say that Kenyans did not require to lecture them on how to conduct their affairs?
What did children carry guns in?
What did Sane accuse at a press conference held yesterday following a 12-day fact-finding mission in Kenya?
What did he say?
What did the Kenyan Head of State wonder in?
What did he say that Kenyans did not require to lecture them on how to conduct their affairs?
When is NAIROBI?
What wanted to be fair and objective?
What did the AI accuse the government of?
What did June 12-- The Kenyan government criticize Amnesty International for its ``presumptuous'' report ``calculated to incite Kenyans against their government'' by?
What said that the AI obsession with the torture and human rights violations in Kenya were not genuine but were political in support of opposition political activities?
What pointed out that some cases of torture and human rights violations had always been individualized?
What did a strongly worded rejoinder last evening to the AI statement point out that the government had already taken?
What did the Kenyan government tell the visiting AI Secretary-General Pierre Sane from in a strongly worded rejoinder last evening to the AI statement?
What accused the government of violations of human rights?
What did a strongly worded rejoinder last evening to the AI statement point out?
What did Kenya remind AI to?
What were hundreds of thousands of innocent people slaughtered in?
What did the rejoinder say in?
What did it point out that the government had already taken?
What did the AI accuse?
What pointed out that the government had already taken actions against the perpetrators of such crimes?
What did it point out?
Where were hundreds of thousands of innocent people slaughtered?
What were slaughtered in Rwanda?
What did evidence collected since 1995 show?
What repeated a similar charge in 1995?
What did Amnesty demand?
What did Germany's 16 states deny the police were racist as?
Who did Germany's 16 states note that the misdeeds of individual policemen were objectively and thoroughly investigated by?
What did BONN-- The human rights watchdog Amnesty International accuse German police of racism in?
What noted that the misdeeds of individual policemen were objectively and thoroughly investigated by prosecutors and the courts?
What also complained of similar police violence in Britain, Denmark, Italy, France, Austria and Switzerland?
What was July 3?
When was BONN?
Who was the Amnesty report immediately challenged by?
What accused German police of racism in a report issued here today?
What was immediately challenged by the interior ministers of Germany's 16 states?
How many Germany's states noted that the misdeeds of individual policemen were objectively and thoroughly investigated by prosecutors and the courts?
Who is Amnesty's investigator responsible for Germany?
Where does every state have its own police force?
What did evidence collected since 1995 show that police racism was part of?
Who also accused prosecutors of being dilatory over claims of police violence and the courts of being partial to police in dealing with such cases?
What did Germany's 16 states deny were racist as a whole?
Who is Michael Butler?
Who did Germany's 16 states note by?
How many Germany's states denied the police were racist as a whole?
What does every state have in Germany?
What did Germany's 16 states deny as?
What showed that police racism was part of a pattern?
What does every state have its own police force in?
What did evidence collected since 1995 show that police racism was?
What has its own police force in Germany?
Where did Amnesty International also complain of similar police violence?
What demanded that the states establish independent complaints boards and compile annual statistics of such complaints?
What did Amnesty International also complain of similar police violence in?
What did BONN-- The human rights watchdog Amnesty International accuse German police of in a report issued here today?
What did BONN-- The human rights watchdog Amnesty International accuse in a report issued here today?
Who did Butler also accuse?
What did BONN-- The human rights watchdog Amnesty International repeat?
What did Amnesty International also complain of in Britain, Denmark, Italy, France, Austria and Switzerland?
What denied the police were racist as a whole?
Whose investigator responsible for Germany is Michael Butler?
What was an absolute essential for the credibility of any presentation on social work?
What did the press release of the Tanzanian Foreign Ministry say seriously lacks probity and in-depth scientific research in conclusion?
When characterized the 1996 Amnesty International Report as biased?
What did the press release of the Tanzanian Foreign Ministry say the Amnesty International report seriously lacks in conclusion?
What has the Amnesty International always undertaken to uphold internationally omitting the great care?
What has it always undertaken to uphold conventions governing the accommodation of refugees?
When was DAR ES SALAAM?
What said the Amnesty International report seriously lacks probity and in-depth scientific research in conclusion?
What did the press release of the Tanzanian Foreign Ministry say the Amnesty International report seriously lacks probity and in-depth scientific research in?
What did today characterize as biased?
When characterized the 1996 Amnesty International Report as aimed at sowing seeds of hatred among the Tanzanian population?
What has the Amnesty International always undertaken to uphold conventions governing the accommodation of refugees?
What did today characterize as aimed at sowing seeds of hatred among the Tanzanian population?
What has it always undertaken to uphold internationally omitting the great care?
What did the press release of the Tanzanian Foreign Ministry say in conclusion?
What has always undertaken to uphold conventions governing the accommodation of refugees internationally omitting the great care?
What was probity and in-depth scientific research?
What was August 7-- The Tanzanian government?
Who took over power in 1994?
What said that the London-based international human rights watchdog is siding with ``genocidal'' forces sowing terror in parts of the northwest of the country?
What released a press statement on Friday in which it accused the army of killing several hundreds of civilians for the January-February period?
Who accused Amnesty International of being the mouthpiece of Hutu hardliners?
What is March 14?
What did the Rwandan government say that the London-based international human rights watchdog is siding with ``genocidal'' forces sowing terror in parts of the northwest of?
What is Amnesty no surprise that Amnesty International is making up shortly before the visit by the U. S. President Bill Clinton later this month for Rwandan authorities?
What is it no surprise that Amnesty International is making up shortly before the visit by the U. S. President Bill Clinton later this month for Rwandan authorities?
Who did Ndahiro accuse?
What is it no surprise shortly before for Rwandan authorities?
What have always been characterized by bias and tendentious allegations which throw doubt on its commitment to the defense of human rights?
What did the Rwandan Patriotic Front take over in 1994?
When did Amnesty International release a press statement in which it accused the army of killing several hundreds of civilians for the January-February period?
What is Amnesty that Amnesty International is making up new reports shortly before the visit by the U. S. President Bill Clinton later this month for Rwandan authorities?
What did the Rwandan government say?
What did Ndahiro observe ?
What is it that Amnesty International is making up new reports shortly before the visit by the U. S. President Bill Clinton later this month for Rwandan authorities?
When did the Rwandan Patriotic Front take over power?
What did Amnesty International release on Friday in which it accused the army of killing several hundreds of civilians for the January-February period?
When did he note, ``It is totally unacceptable''?
What is no surprise that Amnesty International is making up new reports shortly before the visit by the U. S. President Bill Clinton later this month for Rwandan authorities?
What is Amnesty no surprise that Amnesty International is making up new reports shortly before for Rwandan authorities?
Who alleged, ``Amnesty International is part of international lobbies championing the cause of diehard Hutu extremists''?
What is Amnesty no surprise that Amnesty International is making up new reports shortly before the visit by the U. S. President Bill Clinton later this month for?
What did the Rwandan government say that the London-based international human rights watchdog is?
What is Amnesty no surprise shortly before for Rwandan authorities?
What have reports published by Amnesty International since the Rwandan Patriotic Front took over power in 1994, always been characterized by?
What is it no surprise that Amnesty International is making up new reports shortly before the visit by the U. S. President Bill Clinton later this month for?
When did Emmanuel Ndahiro note, ``Amnesty International is totally unacceptable''?
When is NAIROBI?
What is it no surprise that Amnesty International is making up new reports shortly before for Rwandan authorities?
