Who were shot dead?
What has ETA killed some 800 people in?
What did ETA confirm was responsible for the slayings and several other recent attacks in a communique published in Tuesday's edition of the radical Basque newspaper Elgin?
What has ETA killed in its 30-year campaign for independence?
What is common for the separatists to wait several weeks before taking responsibility for attacks via communiques sent to Egin?
Who is it common for to wait several weeks before taking responsibility for attacks via communiques sent to Egin?
What _ The armed Basque separatist group ETA chalked up two more slayings in its violent campaign for an independent homeland straddling the Spanish-French border?
What confirmed it was responsible for the slayings and several other recent attacks in a communique published in Tuesday's edition of the radical Basque newspaper Elgin?
What has killed some 800 people in its 30-year campaign for independence?
What is a Basque language acronym for Basque Homeland and Freedom?
What is ETA?
What did ETA confirm for in a communique published in Tuesday's edition of the radical Basque newspaper Elgin?
Who is ETA common for to wait several weeks before taking responsibility for attacks via communiques sent to Egin?
What did ETA confirm it was responsible for in a communique published in Tuesday's edition of the radical Basque newspaper Elgin?
What did ETA confirm it was responsible for the slayings and several other recent attacks in?
How many people has ETA killed in its 30-year campaign for independence?
Who do MADRID, Spain _?
What were two other people in the car also injured in?
What has killed nearly 800 people since beginning its campaign for an independent Basque state in 1968?
How many people has ETA killed since beginning its campaign for an independent Basque state in 1968?
What is a Basque language acronym for Basque Homeland and Freedom?
What is ETA?
What were also injured in the attack that took place shortly after 11 a. m.?
What has ETA killed since beginning its campaign for an independent Basque state in 1968?
If the reports prove correct, who will be the sixth victim of ETA so far this year?
How many other people in the car were also injured in the attack that took place shortly after 11 a. m.?
What did national Spanish radio report RENTERIA, Spain _ A governing party town councilor was killed Wednesday by a bomb in?
What exploded when it hit Manuel Zamarreno of the Popular Party in this northern Basque town's car?
What exploded when it hit his car?
What said Manuel Zamarreno of the Popular Party in this northern Basque town died after a bomb exploded when it hit his car?
Who did the radio say died after a bomb exploded when it hit his car?
What did thousands demonstrate in to repudiate ETA violence after Zamarreno's funeral on Friday?
What was Manuel Zamarreno killed by?
What has ETA killed close to during its 30-year campaign for an independent Basque state straddling the Spanish-French border?
What was its entire 23-member executive board jailed for using an ETA video calling for peace talks during?
What has killed close to 800 people during its 30-year campaign for an independent Basque state straddling the Spanish-French border?
What did ETA say Marchers shouted from the armed separatist group?
What did news reports say BILBAO, Spain _ Thousands of sympathizers of the radical Basque political coalition Herri Batasuna demonstrated Saturday demanding a negotiated solution to?
What was jailed for using an ETA video calling for peace talks during an election broadcast?
What came two days after Manuel Zamarreno was killed by a bomb blamed on ETA?
What has ETA killed close to 800 people during?
What did news reports say BILBAO, Spain _ Thousands of sympathizers of the radical Basque political coalition to?
Who is considered ETA's political wing?
Who did news reports say BILBAO, Spain _ Thousands of Herri Batasuna demonstrated Saturday demanding a negotiated solution to the violence in the northern Basque region?
What did ETA say Marchers shouted slogans in favor of Basque independence and improved conditions for prisoners from?
What did thousands demonstrate in silence in the nearby coastal city of San Sebastian to repudiate ETA violence after?
What said Marchers shouted slogans in favor of Basque independence and improved conditions for prisoners from the armed separatist group?
What was a new leadership's entire 23-member executive board jailed for using an ETA video calling for peace talks during?
What was a reporter from the El Correo newspaper based in this industrial city?
Who was ETA?
What does Herri Batasuna win?
What did thousands demonstrate in silence in the nearby coastal city of San Sebastian to repudiate after Zamarreno's funeral on Friday?
Who was killed by a bomb blamed on ETA?
Who was Manuel Zamarreno?
Who was a governing party councilor from the small Basque town of Renteria?
What is ETA?
What did news reports say BILBAO, Spain _ Herri Batasuna demonstrated Saturday demanding a negotiated solution to the violence in the northern Basque region?
Who did ETA say shouted slogans in favor of Basque independence and improved conditions for prisoners from the armed separatist group?
What demonstrated in silence in the nearby coastal city of San Sebastian to repudiate ETA violence after Zamarreno's funeral on Friday?
What did the national news agency efe reported while not directly supporting ETA attacks, Herri Batasuna leader Jon Idigoras told Saturday's marchers?
Who wins about 14 percent in elections held in the northern Basque region?
Whose funeral on Friday did thousands demonstrate in silence in the nearby coastal city of San Sebastian to repudiate ETA violence after?
What is an acronym for Basque Homeland and Freedom?
Who have most parties in Spain agreed to isolate until it condemns ETA's violence?
What was Herri Batasuna?
What is located close to Spain's border with France?
What is one of 17 semiautonomous regions in Spain?
When are fresh regional elections held?
Who did Basque regional government chief and Basque Nationalist Party member Antonio Ardanza appoint to replace the Socialist representatives who resigned a day earlier on Thursday?
What have agreed to isolate Herri Batasuna until it condemns ETA's violence?
How many new councilors did Basque regional government chief and Basque Nationalist Party member Antonio Ardanza appoint to replace the Socialist representatives who resigned a day earlier on Thursday?
What has ETA killed nearly 800 people since 1968 in?
What was Herri Batasuna the political wing of?
What came just under four months before fresh regional elections are held on Oct. 25?
Who won eight?
What is the Basque region one of?
Who did Basque regional government chief and Basque Nationalist Party member Antonio Ardanza appoint three new councilors to replace on Thursday?
What is the Basque region located close to Spain's border with?
What was the Socialists?
What is the Basque region located close to with France?
Where is the Basque region located close with France?
What did the Socialists announce?
Who was the political wing of ETA?
What did the Basque Nationalist Party win 22 of the 75-seats in?
What has ETA killed since 1968 in its campaign for Basque independence?
What does VITORIA, Spain _ Spain condemn?
What have promoted attempts to bring Herri Batasuna into the fold so as to encourage a political solution to the region's conflict in recent months?
How many people has ETA killed since 1968 in its campaign for Basque independence?
What is the Basque region?
Who was the leading opposition party in Spain's national parliament?
What have the Basque Nationalist Party promoted in recent months?
When has ETA killed nearly 800 people in its campaign for Basque independence?
What stands for Basque Homeland Freedom?
Who does ETA's name stand for?
What has VITORIA, Spain _ Spain's Socialist party pulled out of the three-party Basque regional government because of?
What won 22 of the 75-seats in the 1994 ballot?
Who announced the split accusing the Basque Nationalist Party of getting too close to Herri Batasuna?
What did the Basque Nationalist Party win in the 1994 ballot?
When did Basque regional government chief and Basque Nationalist Party member Antonio Ardanza appoint three new councilors to replace the Socialist representatives who resigned a day earlier?
What condemns ETA's violence?
What did the Basque Nationalist Party win 22 of in the 1994 ballot?
What did the Socialists who won 12 and the Basque Union win?
What appointed three new councilors to replace the Socialist representatives who resigned a day earlier on Thursday?
What are held on Oct. 25?
What has killed nearly 800 people since 1968 in its campaign for Basque independence?
What does it condemn?
When have the Basque Nationalist Party promoted attempts to bring Herri Batasuna into the fold so as to encourage a political solution to the region's conflict?
What was Herri Batasuna?
Who was placed under arrest after she was hospitalized?
What rocked another Basque town last Saturday as youths with Molotov cocktails burned down a three-story apartment building?
When were similar violence's residents evacuated?
What did Herri Batasuna say for the first time as after that incident?
What was one of the two people seriously injured?
Who was the Basque town?
What did youths with Molotov cocktails burn down?
What did Herri Batasuna say for the first time that the party opposed as a way to further the Basque separatist cause after that incident?
When were its residents evacuated?
Who burned down a three-story apartment building?
What were reported?
What were in serious condition?
How many arrests did Police report _ a 19-year-old boy and a 16-year-old girl?
Who was the other serious injury?
What were two of the injured in?
What was Getxo?
What reported two arrests _ a 19-year-old boy and a 16-year-old girl?
What did Herri Batasuna say for the first time that the party opposed street violence as a way to further the Basque separatist cause after?
Who was the political party linked to the armed separatist group ETA?
Who did Police report two arrests _?
What did Police report _ a 19-year-old boy and a 16-year-old girl?
What occurred outside the town hall as an estimated 100 youths set upon members of the Basque regional government's police force?
What was the latter one of?
What did Herri Batasuna say for the first time that the party opposed street violence as after that incident?
What did Police report?
Who said for the first time that the party opposed street violence as a way to further the Basque separatist cause after that incident?
What was a middle-aged man who was attacked for yelling at the youths who assaulted police?
What was the girl placed under after she was hospitalized?
Who was hospitalized?
When did Herri Batasuna say that the party opposed street violence as a way to further the Basque separatist cause after that incident?
What was the latter?
What did the 30-minute melee occur outside as an estimated 100 youths set upon members of the Basque regional government's police force?
What reported?
Who were evacuated in time?
Who did the 30-minute melee occur outside the town hall as?
What did the latter suffer when an incendiary device went off in her hands?
What suffered burns when an incendiary device went off in her hands?
What said the governments and Spain and France were trying to ``close off the language and force it into a ghetto to be eliminated little by little?''
Who do an estimated 600,000 people speak in the seven Basque provinces in Spain and France?
What was the daily Egin shut down in July over?
Who is the Basque language known as?
What was among regional languages that were officially banned under the dictatorship of Gen. Francisco Franco from 1939 to 1975?
What did ETA take with ``enemies of Euskera who do not have the right to live in Euskadi?''
What did it say into?''
What was Euskadi Informacion among?
What took issue with ``enemies of Euskera who do not have the right to live in Euskadi?''
Who was the radical newspaper?
What is Euskadi Informacion?
What speak Euskera in the seven Basque provinces in Spain and France?
What is known as Euskera?
When was the daily Egin shut down over its alleged links to ETA?
What is Euskadi the word for the Basque country in?
What was it among?
What said, ``France and Spain are maintaining their imperialism''?
What accused the Spanish government Wednesday of trying to snuff out the Basque language?
What has killed almost 800 people in a 30-year fight for independence in the Basque country of northern Spain?
What is Euskadi in the Basque language?
What has ETA killed in a 30-year fight for independence in the Basque country of northern Spain?
What is ETA?
Who was shut down in July over its alleged links to ETA?
What is a region straddling the border between Spain and France?
What is an acronym that stands for Basque Homeland and Freedom?
What did it say were trying to ``close off the language and force it into a ghetto to be eliminated little by little?''
What is the Basque country?
How many people has ETA killed in a 30-year fight for independence in the Basque country of northern Spain?
What do an estimated 600,000 people speak Euskera in?
What did BILBAO, Spain _ The armed Basque separatist movement ETA say into?''
Where do an estimated 600,000 people speak Euskera?
Who is the word for the Basque country in the Basque language?
Who was among regional languages that were officially banned under the dictatorship of Gen. Francisco Franco from 1939 to 1975?
What did the charge come in?
What was Euskadi Informacion?
What did ETA take issue with?''
What came in a statement published in a radical newspaper?
How many estimated people speak Euskera in the seven Basque provinces in Spain and France?
What has ETA killed almost 800 people in?
Who is a makeshift publication that surfaced after the daily Egin was shut down in July over its alleged links to ETA?
What was ETA?
What does the early 1980s kill?
What _ It's election time in Spain's troubled Basque region?
What was one of Europe's few remaining armed political groups?
What do MADRID, Spain _?
What insists it will not negotiate with ETA or its political allies until ETA renounces violence?
What does MADRID, Spain bring with it?
What was boycotted by Spain's two most powerful political parties?
Who have most Basque politicians urged to stop the killing?
What _ election time in Spain's troubled Basque region's election time in Spain's troubled Basque region?
What does ETA renounce?
What do MADRID, Spain _ election time in Spain's troubled Basque region's?
What does Prime Minister Jose Maria Aznar's government insist it will not negotiate with until ETA renounces violence?
What do the initials in the Basque language for Basque Homeland and Freedom, and Basque political parties seek?
What did basque nationalists this week urge?
When has pressure on ETA to declare a unilateral cease-fire increased?
What did ETA end with when the government refused to negotiate unless ETA renounced violence?
Whose government insists it will not negotiate with ETA or its political allies until ETA renounces violence?
What did ETA declare in 1996?
What does it bring with it?
What does it bring with it a flurry of?
How many Spain's most powerful political parties were the ruling Popular Party and the opposition Socialists?
Who were Spain's two most powerful political parties?
What do MADRID, Spain _'s election time in Spain's troubled Basque region?
What did the Lizarra Declaration come out of?
What were labor unions and grassroots groups?
What was the group extremely active during in the early 1980s?
What was ETA one of?
What was extremely active during the Socialist administration of ex-Prime Minister Felipe Gonzalez in the early 1980s?
Who said, ``Wednesday would be a trick truce?''
When was it extremely active during the Socialist administration of ex-Prime Minister Felipe Gonzalez?
What was the forum boycotted by?
What have most Basque politicians urged the rebels to stop?
What renounces violence?
What took up arms 30 years ago?
Who calls for peace talks and a permanent end to the violence?
What declared a truce for one week in 1996?
Who does the early 1980s kill dozens of?
What does Prime Minister Jose Maria Aznar's government insist will not negotiate with ETA or its political allies until ETA renounces violence?
What do MADRID, Spain _ It's?
What was signed by representatives of 23 political parties?
What was it extremely active during in the early 1980s?
What were the ruling Popular Party and the opposition Socialists?
What seek an independent nation carved out of pieces of northern Spain and southern France?
What does Prime Minister Jose Maria Aznar's government insist with?
What calls for peace talks and a permanent end to the violence?
Who was it signed by?
What has increased since Saturday?
When kills dozens of police officers?
When did ETA declare a truce for one week?
Who have urged the rebels to stop the killing?
What did it end with when the government refused to negotiate unless ETA renounced violence?
What does their so-called Lizarra Declaration call for?
What came out of a forum held in the Basque city of Lizarra?
What were 23 political parties?
Who said, ``It would be a trick truce?''
What does basque nationalists this week's so-called Lizarra Declaration call for?
How many political parties were labor unions and grassroots groups?
What does MADRID, Spain bring with it a flurry of?
What came out of a forum promoted by Herri Batasuna?
When was the group extremely active during the Socialist administration of ex-Prime Minister Felipe Gonzalez?
What ended with a series of bomb attacks on tourist resorts when the government refused to negotiate unless ETA renounced violence?
Who urged ETA?
Who did a newspaper report late Wednesday ETA announces cease-fire MADRID, Spain _ The armed Basque separatist group ETA has announced an open-ended cease-fire?
What reported?
What did a newspaper report late Wednesday Armed Basque separatist group ETA announces cease-fire?
What did a newspaper report late Wednesday Armed Basque separatist group ETA announces cease-fire MADRID, Spain _ The armed Basque separatist group ETA has announced?
What did Euskadi Informacion say from?
What was Spain?
What did a newspaper report late Wednesday Armed Basque separatist group ETA announces MADRID, Spain _ The armed Basque separatist group ETA has announced an open-ended cease-fire?
What did a newspaper report late Wednesday Armed Basque separatist group ETA announces cease-fire has announced an open-ended cease-fire?
What was the state-run news agency?
When did a newspaper report Armed Basque separatist group ETA announces cease-fire MADRID, Spain _ The armed Basque separatist group ETA has announced an open-ended cease-fire?
What reported late Wednesday Armed Basque separatist group ETA announces cease-fire MADRID, Spain _ The armed Basque separatist group ETA has announced an open-ended cease-fire?
What has conservative Prime Minister Jose Maria Aznar insisted that ETA must provide before a peace process be set in motion?
What has the organization killed since 1968?
What is an acronym in the Basque language for Basque Homeland and Freedom?
What did Adams describe into Northern Irish peace process as ``crucial and pivotal?''
Who was Adams greeted at the start of his half-day stay by?
Who was to return to Belfast later Monday?
What is hopeful Adams will pass its proposal on to President Bill Clinton when the two meet this month?
What has conservative Prime Minister Jose Maria Aznar insisted that ETA must provide greater proof of its peaceful intentions before be set in motion?
When has the organization killed nearly 800 people?
What did the Irish Forum claim inspiration from in opening the door for a political settlement in the troubled British province?
Whose input did Adams describe into Northern Irish peace process as ``crucial and pivotal?''
What does Adams head?
What does the Basque region enjoy since democracy returned in 1978 today most people believe an armed campaign for independence cannot be justified given the level of?
What has conservative Prime Minister Jose Maria Aznar insisted before?
What did ETA command in the Basque region and elsewhere in Spain during the final years of the 1939-75 dictatorship of Gen. Francisco Franco?
What does the Basque region enjoy since democracy returned in 1978 today most people believe an armed campaign for independence cannot be justified given?
Where did ETA begin an indefinite and condition-free cease-fire in its campaign for an independent Basque state?
What did Adams tell shortly after arriving in this northern Basque town, ``clearly the United States is the most powerful''?
Who told a press conference shortly after arriving in this northern Basque town, ``clearly the United States is the most powerful''?
What did Adams describe Clinton's input into as ``crucial and pivotal?''
What claimed inspiration from the Northern Ireland peace process and its success in opening the door for a political settlement in the troubled British province?
What has killed nearly 800 people since 1968?
What is the organization's name?
What does the Basque region enjoy since returned in 1978 today most people believe an armed campaign for independence cannot be justified given the level of self-government?
What did the Irish Forum claim from the Northern Ireland peace process and its success in opening the door for a political settlement in the troubled British province?
What did ETA begin in its campaign for an independent Basque state that it hopes would unite territory in northern Spain and southwestern France?
What has conservative Prime Minister Jose Maria Aznar insisted that ETA must provide greater proof of its peaceful intentions before a peace process be set in?
What did ETA begin an indefinite and condition-free cease-fire in its campaign for an independent Basque state that it hopes would unite territory in?
What did ETA begin an indefinite and condition-free cease-fire in that it hopes would unite territory in northern Spain and southwestern France?
How many people has the organization killed since 1968?
Who was expected to be handed a proposal for all-party peace talks signed by Basque nationalist parties grouped together in the so-called ``Irish Forum?''
Who does a copy of the appeal _ credited with encouraging the armed Basque separatist group ETA to call the truce to?
What began an indefinite and condition-free cease-fire in its campaign for an independent Basque state that it hopes would unite territory in northern Spain and southwestern France?
What was Adams greeted at by some 100 Basque independence supporters waving Irish and Basque flags?
Who was greeted at the start of his half-day stay by some 100 Basque independence supporters waving Irish and Basque flags?
What did ETA begin an indefinite and condition-free cease-fire in its campaign for an independent Basque state in?
Who described Clinton's input into Northern Irish peace process as ``crucial and pivotal?''
What commanded considerable support in the Basque region and elsewhere in Spain during the final years of the 1939-75 dictatorship of Gen. Francisco Franco?
What enjoys since democracy returned in 1978 today most people believe an armed campaign for independence cannot be justified given the level of self-government?
Who was also to visit a Herri Batasuna member Karmelo Landa in his prison cell on the outskirts of Bilbao during his stay in the Basque country?
What has long ruled out ETA's demand for a self-determination vote for Basques?
Who heads the IRA-linked Sinn Fein party?
Who has insisted that ETA must provide greater proof of its peaceful intentions before a peace process be set in motion?
What was Adams also to visit a Herri Batasuna member Karmelo Landa in his prison cell on the outskirts of Bilbao during?
When was Adams to return to Belfast later?
What does the Basque region enjoy since democracy returned in 1978 today most people believe?
What did ETA begin an indefinite and condition-free cease-fire in its campaign for an independent Basque state that it hopes would unite in northern Spain and southwestern France?
When does the Basque region enjoy since democracy returned today most people believe an armed campaign for independence cannot be justified given the level of self-government?
What was Adams also to visit a Herri Batasuna member Karmelo Landa in conservative Prime Minister Jose Maria Aznar's prison cell on the outskirts of Bilbao during?
When did ETA command considerable support in the Basque region and elsewhere in Spain?
What did Adams tell shortly after arriving in this northern Basque town, ``Powerful nations have a duty to assist''?
What does the Basque region enjoy since democracy returned in 1978 today most people believe cannot be justified given the level of self-government?
Where did ETA begin an indefinite and condition-free cease-fire in its campaign for an independent Basque state that it hopes would unite territory?
What has conservative Prime Minister Jose Maria Aznar insisted that ETA must provide greater proof of before a peace process be set in motion?
What has the Spanish government long ruled out?
Who told a press conference shortly after arriving in this northern Basque town, ``Powerful nations have a duty to assist''?
Whose offer was the document dated before?
What began observing an open-ended ceasefire on Sept. 18?
What would touch on ETA's stated goal of independence?
Who said last Tuesday Spokesman Josep Pique's government is willing to hold preliminary talks with ETA?
Who said last Tuesday his government is willing to hold preliminary talks with ETA?
What do both sides jockey to shape a peace-talks agenda that suits them best seeking to keep as narrow as possible?
When did Prime Minister Jose Maria Aznar say Spokesman Josep Pique's government is willing to hold preliminary talks with ETA?
What did ETA issue?
Whose government did Prime Minister Jose Maria Aznar say last Tuesday?
What has ETA killed nearly 800 people in?
What did Spokesman Josep Pique say the government would only negotiate terms for ETA to surrender?
What would be for ETA to confirm that it really wants peace?
What stands for Basque Homeland and Freedom?
What did Prime Minister Jose Maria Aznar say last Tuesday?
Who did Pique tell, ``In the peace process, this is all there is to talk about''?
What was Pique speaking a day after a senior official from the opposition Socialist party warned as?
What did Spokesman Josep Pique say?
When was Pique speaking?
What issued a statement that fell short of promising a permanent end to violence?
Who told reporters in the northeastern city of Barcelona, ``In the peace process, this is all there is to talk about''?
What did a government spokesman say Tuesday MADRID, Spain _ has ruled out any discussion of Basque independence in expected peace talks with the armed separatist group ETA?
Who said Tuesday MADRID, Spain _ The Spanish government has ruled out any discussion of Basque independence in expected peace talks with the armed separatist group ETA?
What did ETA support?
What supported a Basque nationalist peace proposal that calls for a two-track process made up of negotiations between the government and ETA?
What come as both sides jockey to shape a peace-talks agenda that suits them best seeking to keep it as narrow as possible?
What did Spokesman Josep Pique say would only negotiate terms for ETA to surrender its weapons and the fate of more than 500 ETA prisoners in jails around Spain?
How many people has ETA killed in its 30-year campaign for an independent Basque nation carved out of parts of northern Spain and southern France?
Who was flush with a strong showing by Spokesman Josep Pique's center-right Popular Party in Basque regional elections on Oct. 25?
When did Prime Minister Jose Maria Aznar say his government is willing to hold preliminary talks with ETA?
What has killed nearly 800 people in its 30-year campaign for an independent Basque nation carved out of parts of northern Spain and southern France?
What was the document dated before?
What did a government spokesman say Tuesday _ The Spanish government has ruled out any discussion of Basque independence in expected peace talks with the armed separatist group ETA?
Whose government did Prime Minister Jose Maria Aznar say last Tuesday is willing to hold preliminary talks with ETA?
Who was flush with a strong showing by his center-right Popular Party in Basque regional elections on Oct. 25?
What is trying to push it open?
What would the purpose of these discussions be for to confirm that it really wants peace?
Who did ETA begin observing on Sept. 18?
What do both sides jockey to shape seeking to keep it as narrow as possible?
What did Prime Minister Jose Maria Aznar say last Tuesday is willing to hold preliminary talks with ETA?
When did ETA begin observing an open-ended ceasefire?
What did a government spokesman say Tuesday MADRID, Spain _ The Spanish government has ruled out in expected peace talks with the armed separatist group ETA?
What jockey to shape a peace-talks agenda that suits them best seeking to keep it as narrow as possible?
What did a government spokesman say Tuesday MADRID, Spain _ in?
What did Spokesman Josep Pique say the government would only negotiate to surrender its weapons and the fate of more than 500 ETA prisoners in jails around Spain?
What would these latter discussions touch on?
What has ETA killed in its 30-year campaign for an independent Basque nation carved out of parts of northern Spain and southern France?
Who said the government would only negotiate terms for ETA to surrender its weapons and the fate of more than 500 ETA prisoners in jails around Spain?
What was Prime Minister Jose Maria Aznar?
What was dated before Aznar's offer?
What does ETA stand for?
What did a government spokesman say Tuesday MADRID, Spain _ The Spanish government has ruled out any discussion of Basque independence in?
What did an official say Tuesday MADRID, Spain _ has ruled out any discussion of Basque independence in possible peace talks with the armed separatist group ETA?
Who said Tuesday MADRID, Spain _ The Spanish government has ruled out any discussion of Basque independence in possible peace talks with the armed separatist group ETA?
What did an official say Tuesday _ The Spanish government has ruled out any discussion of Basque independence in possible peace talks with the armed separatist group ETA?
How many people has ETA killed in its 30-year campaign for an independent Basque nation carved out of parts of northern Spain and southern France?
When did Prime Minister Jose Maria Aznar say his government is willing to hold preliminary talks with ETA?
What did an official say Tuesday MADRID, Spain _ The Spanish government has ruled out in possible peace talks with the armed separatist group ETA?
What has killed nearly 800 people in its 30-year campaign for an independent Basque nation carved out of parts of northern Spain and southern France?
Who said last week his government is willing to hold preliminary talks with ETA?
What did Prime Minister Jose Maria Aznar say last week is willing to hold preliminary talks with ETA?
What said?
What has ETA killed nearly 800 people in?
Who told reporters in Barcelona, ``In the peace process, this is all there is to talk about''?
What stands for Basque Homeland and Freedom?
Who did Pique tell, ``In the peace process, this is all there is to talk about''?
What did the group begin observing on Sept. 18?
What did an official say Tuesday MADRID, Spain _ The Spanish government has ruled out any discussion of in possible peace talks with the armed separatist group ETA?
What has ETA killed in its 30-year campaign for an independent Basque nation carved out of parts of northern Spain and southern France?
What began observing an open-ended cease-fire on Sept. 18?
What did an official say Tuesday MADRID, Spain _ in?
What does ETA stand for?
What did Prime Minister Jose Maria Aznar say last week?
When did the group begin observing an open-ended cease-fire?
What did an official say Tuesday MADRID, Spain _ The Spanish government has ruled out any discussion of Basque independence in?
Who said?
What was Herri Batasuna?
What are Jose Barrionuevo and his deputy for state security serving 10-year jail terms for?
What have left nearly 800 people dead since 1968?
What insists that if full-blown peace talks do get underway, it is prepared to discuss only the prisoner issue and ETA disarmament?
What is a subject that is being analyzed now?
Who are serving 10-year jail terms for their role in organizing a botched 1983 kidnapping that marked the GAL's first act?
What did Pique also reject a call Tuesday by ETA's political wing for a blanket amnesty for more than 500 jailed ETA members as?
What is this?
What are Jose Barrionuevo and interior minister under then-Prime Minister Felipe Gonzalez's deputy for state security serving 10-year jail terms for?
Who is Jose Barrionuevo?
What is a Basque-language acronym that stands for Basque Homeland and Freedom?
What were many of the victims?
Who did spokesman Josep Pique tell that is all there is to say?
Who is Jose Barrionuevo and his deputy for state security?
When have its bombings and shootings in the Basque country and elsewhere in Spain left nearly 800 people dead?
What is ETA's stated goal of an independent Basque homeland?
Who is interior minister under then-Prime Minister Felipe Gonzalez?
When have ETA's bombings and shootings in the Basque country and elsewhere in Spain left nearly 800 people dead?
What did Pique also say for?
What is willing to renounce violence?
When did the death squads kill 27 people in a campaign designed to crush the armed Basque separatist group ETA?
What did the death squads kill from 1983 to 1987 in a campaign designed to crush the armed Basque separatist group ETA?
What is only the prisoner issue and ETA disarmament ETA's stated goal of?
Who was ETA's political wing?
What is only the prisoner issue and ETA disarmament?
Who were mistaken targets?
What are Jose Barrionuevo and his deputy for state security serving for their role in organizing a botched 1983 kidnapping that marked the GAL's first act?
What is ETA?
What declared a ceasefire Sept. 16?
What called themselves the Anti-terrorist Liberation Groups, or GAL?
What did the death squads kill 27 people from 1983 to 1987 in?
What did Pique also say the government is ``still waiting'' for to discuss whether the group is willing to renounce violence?
Who is Jose Barrionuevo and interior minister under then-Prime Minister Felipe Gonzalez's deputy for state security?
What killed 27 people from 1983 to 1987 in a campaign designed to crush the armed Basque separatist group ETA?
What does the government insist?
Who is Rafael Vera?
What did Pique also reject a call Tuesday by as a way to end decades of separatist conflict?
Who told reporters that is all there is to say?
How many people did the death squads kill from 1983 to 1987 in a campaign designed to crush the armed Basque separatist group ETA?
What did he reiterate in line with a long-standing ETA demand?
What called reporters the Anti-terrorist Liberation Groups, or GAL?
What did spokesman Josep Pique tell reporters is all there is to say?
What did a newspaper report Thursday?
What does the government say about?
What insists?
What gradually softened its position on the truce?
Who said that the delicacy of the issue requires discretion?
What says it is willing to talk about the fate of ETA's 535 prisoners in return for a clear commitment to give up violence forever?
What did the daily El Mundo quote?
What did Francisco Martos say that the delicacy of the issue requires?
What is a Basque language acronym for Basque Homeland and Freedom _?
What broke down?
Who reported?
What did last week authorize?
When authorized contacts with ETA?
When promised to inform the public of all developments related to the Basque peace process?
What last held talks with ETA in 1989 in Algeria when the Socialist government of Felipe Gonzalez was in office?
What did last week promise to inform?
What resumed?
What did Francisco Martos say?
Who was Francisco Martos?
What did last week promise to inform the public of?
Who refused to comment?
What has ETA killed since taking up arms in 1968?
When did a newspaper report taking a step toward new peace talks?
When does the latest possibility of a negotiated end to ETA's 30-year violent campaign for an independent Basque homeland straddling the Spanish-French border date?
What did the government last hold in 1989 in Algeria when the Socialist government of Felipe Gonzalez was in office?
What is ETA?
What has killed nearly 800 people since taking up arms in 1968?
What does the government say is willing to talk about the fate of ETA's 535 prisoners in return for a clear commitment to give up violence forever?
Who was a spokesman for Aznar's office?
When did the government last hold talks with ETA?
Who quoted unnamed government sources?
What reported Thursday taking a step toward new peace talks?
How many people has ETA killed since taking up arms in 1968?
What did Spain's government gradually soften?
What dates to Sept. 18 when ETA announced an indefinite cease-fire?
Who was a former leader of the Basque separatist group?
Who was let out of a Madrid jail briefly Thursday to register for the seat he won in the Basque regional parliament in elections held Oct. 25?
Who said he was speaking on behalf of 535 ETA members held in prisoners all over Spain?
Who was Jose Antonio Urrutikoetxea a former leader of?
What has the government responded saying for?
What has responded saying that if ETA renounces violence for good, it is prepared to discuss measures like prisoner transfers or furloughs?
What do ETA and moderate Basque nationalist groups insist the government should act first on to open the way for talks?
Who did Urrutikoetxea say was speaking on behalf of 535 ETA members held in prisoners all over Spain?
Who did last month transfer in hospitals of their choice?
What was he let out of briefly Thursday to register for the seat he won in the Basque regional parliament in elections held Oct. 25?
What is for the prisoners to be moved to facilities in or at least near the Basque country?
Who was himself a prisoner?
Who is serving time in a Madrid prison for belonging to an armed group?
Who is one of ETA's long-standing demands for to be moved to facilities in or at least near the Basque country?
What urged the government Thursday to transfer ETA prisoners to jails inside the Basque country as a first step towards peace talks?
Who was Jose Antonio Urrutikoetxea?
What declared an open-ended ceasefire on Sept. 16?
What did last month transfer four ill prisoners for treatment in?
When transferred four ill prisoners for treatment in hospitals of their choice?
How many ill prisoners for treatment did last month transfer in hospitals of their choice?
Where are all ETA prisoners transferred?
What is he serving for belonging to an armed group?
What did Urrutikoetxea say on?
What do ETA and moderate Basque nationalist groups insist should act first on the prisoners issue to open the way for talks?
What do ETA and moderate Basque nationalist groups insist the government should act first on the prisoners issue to open the way for?
What insist the government should act first on the prisoners issue to open the way for talks?
What do ETA and moderate Basque nationalist groups insist on?
When was he let out of a Madrid jail to register for the seat he won in the Basque regional parliament in elections held Oct. 25?
Who are transferred to the Basque region?
What did Urrutikoetxea say he was speaking on?
What do ETA and moderate Basque nationalist groups insist the government should act first on the prisoners issue to open for talks?
Who did ETA declare?
What are all ETA prisoners transferred to?
What take place?
What was Herri Batasuna?
What did the private Europa Press news agency say on Monday, Spanish Foreign Minister Abel Matutes said in?
Who did Cossiga tell he was ``here as a friend''?
What did he not rule out?
What enjoys its third month of peace following the Sept. 18 cease-fire by the armed separatist group ETA?
When does Spain and the three-province Basque region enjoy?
What did Cossiga add?
What did the Italian centrist leader praise?
Who is to hold talks with Basque Nationalist Party leaders during the visit?
What was Herri Batasuna the political wing of?
What has ETA killed nearly 800 people in?
What did Cossiga skirt as to the possibility of him mediating in resolving the Basque problem?
Who did Cossiga tell reporters he was ``here as''?
What had Cossiga been invited to by the governing Basque Nationalist Party?
Who did the private Europa Press news agency say on Monday, said Cossiga ``could come and go'' in Spain as often as he likes?
What comes as Spain and the three-province Basque region enjoys its third month of peace following the Sept. 18 cease-fire by the armed separatist group ETA?
How many people has ETA killed in a 30-year campaign for independence?
Who was the political wing of ETA?
When did the private Europa Press news agency say, Spanish Foreign Minister Abel Matutes stressed that no intermediaries were needed to resolve the Basque conflict?
What is Cossiga to visit the several political and cultural sites during?
What did the private Europa Press news agency say on Monday, Spanish Foreign Minister Abel Matutes stressed?
What said on Monday, Spanish Foreign Minister Abel Matutes said Cossiga ``could come and go'' in Spain as often as he likes?
What did news reports say BILBAO, Spain _ Former Italian President Francesco Cossiga arrived here Monday for?
Who skirted questions as to the possibility of him mediating in resolving the Basque problem?
Where had Cossiga been invited by the governing Basque Nationalist Party?
Who did not rule out a meeting with representatives of Herri Batasuna?
What is ETA's name?
What do full negotiations take?
Who did Cossiga tell reporters as?
What has ETA killed in a 30-year campaign for independence?
Who had been invited to the northern Spanish region by the governing Basque Nationalist Party?
Who did Cossiga tell reporters was ``here as a friend''?
What has killed nearly 800 people in a 30-year campaign for independence?
Who told reporters he was ``here as a friend''?
Who is to visit the several political and cultural sites during the visit?
Who added that peace in the Basque region would help consolidate the European Union?
What does Spain and the three-province Basque region enjoy its third month of?
Whose decision to begin making contacts to sound out ETA's long-term intentions before full negotiations take place did the Italian centrist leader praise?
What had Cossiga been invited to the northern Spanish region by?
What did BILBAO, Spain _ Former Italian President Francesco Cossiga not rule out?
What did Cossiga add that peace in the Basque region would help consolidate?
Whose visit comes as Spain and the three-province Basque region enjoys its third month of peace following the Sept. 18 cease-fire by the armed separatist group ETA?
Where did the private Europa Press news agency say on Monday, Spanish Foreign Minister Abel Matutes said?
Who did the private Europa Press news agency say on Monday, stressed that no intermediaries were needed to resolve the Basque conflict?
What is a Basque-language acronym for Basque Homeland and Freedom?
What is Cossiga to hold talks with Basque Nationalist Party leaders during?
What said on Monday, Spanish Foreign Minister Abel Matutes stressed that no intermediaries were needed to resolve the Basque conflict?
Who praised center-right Prime Minister Jose Maria Aznar's decision to begin making contacts to sound out ETA's long-term intentions before full negotiations take place?
Who did ETA begin observing in its 30-year battle for an independent homeland?
When did MADRID, Spain _ Spain say it will move 21 Basque separatist inmates from far-flung prisons to jails closer to their home region?
What did officials insist was for humanitarian reasons only?
What did MADRID, Spain _ Spain say Friday will move 21 Basque separatist inmates from far-flung prisons to jails closer to their home region?
What does the government rule out talks on?
What did the ministry say would begin immediately?
Who did the government move to the Basque country itself in late October?
How many ailing ETA prisoners did the government move to the Basque country itself in late October?
What did the ministry say?
What does the group's name mean?
What has the group killed in its campaign for a separate homeland in the Basque country?
Who did it name?
Who insists that the peace process cannot advance in earnest without a permanent end to the violence?
What did not list four ailing ETA prisoners's crimes?
What was a move seen as a gesture to the armed Basque group ETA?
What rules out talks on ETA's stated demand of independence?
What began observing an open-ended ceasefire in its 30-year battle for an independent homeland?
What does he say?
Who says the government is only willing to discuss prisoner transfers and other issues involving ETA inmates?
What did MADRID, Spain _ Spain say Friday it will move 21 Basque separatist inmates from far-flung prisons to closer to their home region?
What did Prime Minister Jose Maria Aznar say he had authorized exploratory talks with parties close to ETA to determine in November?
What has killed nearly 800 people in its campaign for a separate homeland in the Basque country?
What keeps more than 500 ETA prisoners scattered around the country to avoid their plotting behind bars?
What does Aznar insist in?
What is an area which straddles parts of northern Spain and southern France?
What was their home region?
What does he say is only willing to discuss prisoner transfers and other issues involving ETA inmates?
What did MADRID, Spain _ Spain say Friday from?
What did officials insist for?
When did the government move four ailing ETA prisoners to the Basque country itself?
What did the Interior Ministry not list?
What does the government rule out on ETA's stated demand of independence?
How many Basque separatist inmates did MADRID, Spain _ Spain say Friday it will move from far-flung prisons to jails closer to their home region?
What does Aznar insist that the peace process cannot advance in earnest without?
What did the government move four ailing ETA prisoners to in late October?
What did Prime Minister Jose Maria Aznar say he had authorized to determine whether the group was prepared to renounce violence for good in November?
What named the prisoners?
What does Aznar insist that the peace process cannot advance in without a permanent end to the violence?
Where did MADRID, Spain _ Spain say Friday it will move 21 Basque separatist inmates from far-flung prisons to jails closer?
What keeps more than 500 ETA prisoners scattered around the country to avoid officials plotting behind bars?
What did it not list?
What did MADRID, Spain _ Spain say Friday it will move 21 Basque separatist inmates from to jails closer to their home region?
What does Prime Minister Jose Maria Aznar say is only willing to discuss prisoner transfers and other issues involving ETA inmates?
What did Prime Minister Jose Maria Aznar say in November?
How many ETA prisoners scattered around the country to avoid officials plotting behind bars does the government keep?
What does Prime Minister Jose Maria Aznar say?
Whose crimes did the Interior Ministry not list?
Who said he had authorized exploratory talks with parties close to ETA to determine whether the group was prepared to renounce violence for good in November?
What did officials insist this was for only?
What did MADRID, Spain _ Spain say Friday it will move 21 Basque separatist inmates from far-flung prisons to jails closer to?
How many people has the group killed in its campaign for a separate homeland in the Basque country?
Who did the Interior Ministry name?
Whose home region was a move seen as a gesture to the armed Basque group ETA?
How many ETA prisoners scattered around the country to avoid their plotting behind bars does the government keep?
What did ETA begin observing an open-ended ceasefire in?
What said the transfers would begin immediately?
Who insisted this was for humanitarian reasons only?
What moved four ailing ETA prisoners to the Basque country itself in late October?
What is the separate homeland in the Basque country?
What was 21 Basque separatist inmates's home region?
What has the group killed nearly 800 people in?
What came exactly three months after ETA began observing an open-ended ceasefire in its 30-year battle for an independent homeland?
What did not list their crimes?
Who did MADRID, Spain _ Spain say Friday it will move from far-flung prisons to jails closer to their home region?
Who does the government keep?
What was prepared to renounce violence for good?
What said Friday it will move 21 Basque separatist inmates from far-flung prisons to jails closer to their home region?
What means Basque Homeland and Freedom?
What can begin?
What was the group apparently responding to a government spokesman's statement Friday that officials had made ``significant contacts'' in peace efforts with?
What has long demanded that the more than 500 ETA prisoners held in Spanish jails be transferred closer to home?
Who does the government keep them scattered around Spain to prevent from plotting while behind bars?
What announced Friday that 21 ETA inmates from far-flung prisons will be moved to jails closer to their homes?
Whose government did ETA also say that there have been no direct contacts yet with?
What was blamed for nearly 800 killings in its 30-year-old battle for an independent Basque homeland in northern Spain?
What does the government keep those transfers scattered around Spain to prevent from plotting while behind bars?
What did ETA say it will maintain its truce in?
Who does the government keep those transfers scattered around Spain to prevent from plotting while behind bars?
When did the government announce that 21 ETA inmates from far-flung prisons will be moved to jails closer to their homes?
What was Monday written in?
What has ETA long demanded that the more than 500 ETA prisoners held in Spanish jails be transferred closer to?
What was the group apparently responding to a government spokesman's statement Friday with?
What was blamed for nearly 800 killings in separatist group's 30-year-old battle for an independent Basque homeland in northern Spain?
Where has ETA long demanded?
What did ETA say will maintain its truce in its three-page announcement Monday?
What did ETA also say that there have been yet with Aznar's government?
What did ETA also say that there have been no direct contacts yet with?
What made no mention of making its cease-fire permanent or of laying down its arms?
What did ETA say it will maintain in its three-page announcement Monday?
What was its three-page announcement written in?
What will take place Tuesday?
What did ETA also say with?
What began an open-ended, unconditional cease-fire Sept. 18?
What did ETA say in its three-page announcement Monday?
Where did the government announce Friday that 21 ETA inmates from far-flung prisons will be moved to jails closer?
What is a Basque-language acronym which stands for Basque Homeland and Freedom?
What said it will maintain its truce in its three-page announcement Monday?
What fell short of announcing a permanent cease-fire as has been demanded by Prime Minister Jose Maria Aznar?
What does the government keep them scattered around Spain to prevent from plotting while behind bars?
What does the government keep scattered around Spain to prevent them from plotting while behind bars?
What also said that there have been no direct contacts yet with Aznar's government?
What did MADRID, Spain _ The armed Basque separatist group ETA reiterate its willingness Monday to open?
What was the group apparently responding to Friday that officials had made ``significant contacts'' in peace efforts with ETA?
What is ETA?
Who has said the group must do more to show that it is committed to a permanent peace before substantial negotiations can begin?
What did the government announce Friday to?
What keeps those transfers scattered around Spain to prevent them from plotting while behind bars?
What was the group apparently responding to a government spokesman's statement Friday that officials had made with ETA?
What has Aznar said must do more to show that it is committed to a permanent peace before substantial negotiations can begin?
What was written in the Basque language?
What has Aznar said to?
When was written in the Basque language?
What did the government announce Friday that 21 ETA inmates from far-flung prisons will be moved to closer to their homes?
What has Aznar said the group must do more to show to before substantial negotiations can begin?
When was the group apparently responding to a government spokesman's statement that officials had made ``significant contacts'' in peace efforts with ETA?
Where has ETA long demanded that the more than 500 ETA prisoners held in Spanish jails be transferred closer?
What was the organization blamed for?
What apparently was responding to a government spokesman's statement Friday that officials had made ``significant contacts'' in peace efforts with ETA?
What has Aznar said the group must do more to show that it is committed to before substantial negotiations can begin?
What reiterated its willingness Monday to open peace negotiations with the government?
What keeps them scattered around Spain to prevent them from plotting while behind bars?
What did the government announce Friday that 21 ETA inmates from far-flung prisons will be moved to jails closer to?
What has ETA long demanded to?
Whose government did ETA also say with?
Who does the government keep scattered around Spain to prevent them from plotting while behind bars?
Who have thrown Molotov cocktails at bank offices during the past three days?
What did Otegi say it was that men so young had to die in the Basque conflict?
What does BILBAO shout of!
Who did the house belong to?
What was ETA?
Who did a police helicopter praise them as?
What did Arnaldo Otegi say?
What praised them as freedom fighters?
Who was Arnaldo Otegi leader of?
What have assailants attacked in different Basque cities during the past three days?
What did a police helicopter praise as freedom fighters?
Who did several thousand people pay tribute Saturday to?
What did Arnaldo Otegi say had to yield to what he called Basques ' desire for self-rule?
What believe the four ETA members who died had intended to launch an attack on Bilbao?
Whose desire for self-rule did Arnaldo Otegi say?
What did Arnaldo Otegi blame?
Whose desire for self-rule did he say?
What did Otegi say it was a pity in?
When did it begin?
What have police and politicians blamed?
What was the armed Basque separatist group?
Who pointed to poster-size photographs of the four-- two of overcast skies just 22 years old?
Who did prosecutors accuse of advocating terrorism after he described the four who died as colleagues and patriots?
What did Otegi say in?
What did he describe?
Who filed a suit against Otegi?
What have been protesting the deaths of the four suspected ETA members?
Who described the four who died as colleagues and patriots?
What did he blame?
When has ETA's armed drive for an independent homeland carved out of parts of northern Spain and southern France claimed nearly since it began in 1968?
What did prosecutors file?
What did suspected supporters of the armed group throw a firebomb at in the latest in a series of small-scale attacks in the northern Basque region?
What did Otegi say the crowd was a pity that men so young had to die in?
What do police believe?
What stands for Basque Freedom and Homeland in the Basque language?
What did Otegi say was a pity that men so young had to die in the Basque conflict?
What is Spain-- Pumping their fists in the air to?
What has claimed nearly 800 lives since it began in 1968?
Who do police believe had intended to launch an attack on Bilbao?
Whose home did suspected supporters of the armed group throw a firebomb at in the latest in a series of small-scale attacks in the northern Basque region?
Where have assailants attacked automatic teller machines during the past three days?
What did a police helicopter hover in as Arnaldo Otegi pointed to poster-size photographs of the four-- two of them just 22 years old?
What paid tribute Saturday to four young Basque separatists who blew themselves up by accident?
What went off peacefully?
What did suspected supporters of the armed group throw a firebomb at a Civil Guard member's home in?
Who accused Arnaldo Otegi of advocating terrorism after he described the four who died as colleagues and patriots?
What was Bilbao?
Who threw a firebomb at a Civil Guard member's home in the latest in a series of small-scale attacks in the northern Basque region?
What did he say had to yield to what he called Basques ' desire for self-rule?
What does ETA stand for Basque Freedom and Homeland in?
How many ETA members who died do police believe had intended to launch an attack on Bilbao?
Who did a police helicopter praise as freedom fighters?
When does BILBAO shout of live ETA!
Whose 17-year-old son was inside the building?
Who said at the rally in the heart of Bilbao?
What belonged to a Civil Guard member who was not identified?
What did not mention a shooting of an army officer Wednesday or two car bombings that killed a Basque business leader and injured 11 people Tuesday?
What did the armed group not mention?
What did he say?
Who have attacked automatic teller machines in different Basque cities during the past three days?
Who said the crowd was a pity that men so young had to die in the Basque conflict?
What claimed responsibility for 12 attacks between early May?
Who was the largest and richest Basque city?
What have assailants attacked automatic teller machines in during the past three days?
How many lives has ETA's armed drive for an independent homeland carved out of parts of northern Spain and southern France claimed nearly since it began in 1968?
When did ETA's armed drive for an independent homeland carved out of parts of northern Spain and southern France begin?
What was Vitoria?
What does BILBAO shout of Long live!
Who blamed the Spanish government?
Who have burnt some 13 buses and dozens of cars during the past three days?
What is BILBAO?
When have assailants attacked automatic teller machines in different Basque cities?
Who said it was a pity that men so young had to die in the Basque conflict?
What did Otegi say at?
How many buses and dozens of cars have assailants burnt during the past three days?
Who was leader of the pro-ETA Basque coalition Euskal Herritarrok?
Who accused him of advocating terrorism after he described the four who died as colleagues and patriots?
What did Otegi say it was a pity that men so young had to die in?
What had Police feared?
What was hurt in the incident in Vitoria?
Who have been protesting the deaths of the four suspected ETA members?
What have assailants thrown at bank offices during the past three days?
What have blamed ETA?
Who was the region's capital?
What did ETA claim?
Who does ETA stand for in the Basque language?
Who spoke before crowd waving red, white and green Basque flags?
What was the guardsman's 17-year-old son inside?
Who was inside the building?
What did Otegi say the crowd was that men so young had to die in the Basque conflict?
What was the house damaged by as the guardsman's 17-year-old son was inside the building?
Who was Arnaldo Otegi?
What have assailants burnt during the past three days?
What began in 1968?
What do police believe the four ETA members who died had intended to launch?
What was damaged by fire as the guardsman's 17-year-old son was inside the building?
When have assailants thrown Molotov cocktails at bank offices?
What hovered in overcast skies as Arnaldo Otegi pointed to poster-size photographs of the four-- two of them just 22 years old?
Who said it had to yield to what he called Basques ' desire for self-rule?
Who said the Spanish government had to yield to what he called Basques ' desire for self-rule?
Who pointed to poster-size photographs of the four-- two of them just 22 years old?
When have assailants burnt some 13 buses and dozens of cars?
What did Arnaldo Otegi describe?
What praised overcast skies as freedom fighters?
What did Arnaldo Otegi point to?
What did Otegi say the crowd was a pity in?
Who did a police helicopter praise overcast skies as?
What shouts of Long live ETA!
What had feared incidents between the crowd and opponents of ETA?
What was nobody hurt in?
What have assailants thrown Molotov cocktails at during the past three days?
When did hundreds of people gather in Bilbao, San Sebastian and Vitoria?
What was gunned down Tuesday in the street of a northern town in the latest in a series of slayings blamed on the armed Basque separatist group ETA?
Who has the organization begun killing?
What do officials believe to?
Who was 29?
What does separatist group normally claim several weeks after carrying them out?
What are more politicians?
What was Bilbao, San Sebastian and Vitoria?
What stands for Basque Homeland and Freedom?
What did ETA begin?
What ended a 14-month truce last December?
What fiercely opposes Basque separatism and other moves to change Spain's political makeup?
Who was admitted to a hospital later in shock?
What took responsibility for the shooting?
What did police say Manuel Indiano was shot 10 times in outside his candy store in Zumarraga?
Who died in the town's hospital an hour after the attack?
Where do Manuel Indiano's parents live?
Who was Manuel Indiano's wife with?
What does the quiet was broken by periodic shout against?
Who was a Basque town, about 250 miles north of Madrid?
Who said Indiano refused police protection normally offered politicians in the Basque region?
What said Manuel Indiano was shot 10 times in the chest and abdomen outside his candy store in Zumarraga?
Whose Popular Party are more politicians particularly those of?
Who do?
Who was his wife with?
Who shouts of murderers in Zumarraga at a special town meeting called to condemn the killing?
What was SAN SEBASTIAN?
What was Spain-- A politician?
What was SAN SEBASTIAN gunned down Tuesday in?
What do his parents live at?
What was Manuel Indiano's wife admitted to later in shock?
When did police say Manuel Indiano was shot in the chest and abdomen outside his candy store in Zumarraga?
What did the killing bring to 12 attributed to ETA since it ended a 14-month truce last December?
What did Interior Ministry officials immediately blame?
Who did authorities say refused police protection normally offered politicians in the Basque region?
When was Aznar on a visit to Poland?
When did Aznar survive a car-bomb attempt on his life when he was in the opposition?
Who did Indiano become?
What was the killing condemned by?
What do officials believe seeks to push the government to the negotiating table?
When did Indiano die in the town's hospital after the attack?
What do?
What was Aznar on on Tuesday?
Who have long been ETA's main target?
What does it normally claim several weeks after carrying them out?
What did Indiano die in an hour after the attack?
What did authorities say Indiano refused?
What was Manuel Indiano's wife admitted to a hospital later in?
What do officials believe the latest ETA campaign seeks to push to the negotiating table?
Who was pregnant with their first child?
What said Indiano's body was to be brought to Madrid for burial Wednesday?
What did hundreds of people gather Tuesday evening in?
Whose wife was admitted to a hospital later in shock?
Whose wife was pregnant with police's first child?
What was Bilbao, San Sebastian and Vitoria the capitals of?
What do Manuel Indiano's parents live at?
Where do his parents live?
What has been blamed for killing nearly 800 people?
What did Indiano die in the town's hospital an hour after?
When does separatist group normally claim responsibility for its attacks?
Whose parents live at Madrid?
Who was on a visit to Poland on Tuesday?
What began Interior Ministry's campaign for independence of the three-province northern region in 1968?
What has begun killing more politicians?
What was his wife admitted to later in shock?
What did police say Manuel Indiano was shot 10 times in the chest and abdomen outside?
What did the killing bring to 12 the number of slayings attributed to since it ended a 14-month truce last December?
What did the killing bring to 12 to?
What was his wife admitted to a hospital later in?
What did no one take?
What began its campaign for independence of the three-province northern region in 1968?
What gathered Tuesday evening in Bilbao, San Sebastian and Vitoria?
Whose body did news reports say was to be brought to Madrid for burial Wednesday?
Who survived a car-bomb attempt on his life in 1995 when he was in the opposition?
Who became a councilor in Zumarraga for the party six months ago?
Who did police say was shot 10 times in the chest and abdomen outside his candy store in Zumarraga?
What did deputy Prime Minister Marian Rajoy say several weeks are faced once again with?
What did Aznar survive in 1995 when he was in the opposition?
Who was pregnant with police's first child?
What have security force members long been?
What did a single round of talks during last year's truce end in?
What did news reports say was to be brought to Madrid for burial Wednesday?
Who immediately blamed ETA?
What normally claims responsibility for its attacks several weeks after carrying them out?
What was Zumarraga?
What do officials believe the latest ETA campaign seeks to push the government to?
What are more politicians particularly those of?
Who was the capitals of the three Basque provinces?
What shouts against ETA?
What brought to 12 the number of slayings attributed to ETA since it ended a 14-month truce last December?
Who are particularly those of Prime Minister Jose Maria Aznar's Popular Party?
When was SAN SEBASTIAN gunned down in the street of a northern town in the latest in a series of slayings blamed on the armed Basque separatist group ETA?
What does the conservative party fiercely oppose?
What did deputy Prime Minister Marian Rajoy say we are faced once again with?
How many times did police say Manuel Indiano was shot in the chest and abdomen outside his candy store in Zumarraga?
What was Manuel Indiano?
What does the group's name stand for?
What ended in stalemate?
Who live at Madrid?
What did the killing bring to the number of slayings attributed to ETA since it ended a 14-month truce last December?
When does it normally claim responsibility for its attacks?
Who believe the latest ETA campaign seeks to push the government to the negotiating table?
What was condemned by political parties, labor unions and Amnesty International?
What did the anonymous caller also say that two people who were cleaning inside the discotheque had been left handcuffed to toward Hendaya?
Who was Narciso Korta?
Who did the mayor of Deba say that the target of the blast was?
What did the anonymous caller also say to?
What was nobody hurt in shortly before 11 a. m.?
Who have maintained a separate cultural identity and language?
What was hurt in the explosion shortly before 11 a. m.?
What does ETA regularly target the Basque business community as?
What did police say?
Who said that the target of the blast was the owner of the disco?
What did the mayor of Deba say that the target of the blast was the owner of?
What is ETA's fight a legitimate battle for sovereignty for?
When did the two confirm?
What did police say caused extensive damage to the Txitxarro discotheque in the town of Deba, some 15 miles west of coastal city of San Sebastian?
What did basque police say a man identifying himself as a member of the Basque armed group warned of an imminent explosion at the disco?
What has ETA claimed for that bombing?
Who found a man and a woman tied to a tree?
What was DEBA?
What ended a 14-month truce last December?
What did a hunter report to police?
When did a hunter report to police?
What have the Basques maintained?
What envisions an independent state that would also incorporate Basque regions in southwestern France?
Who did a hunter find?
What are a series of attacks by ETA in the last two months seen as?
What did basque police say a man identifying Spain's northern Basque region as a member of the Basque armed group warned of an imminent explosion at the disco?
What has ETA claimed responsibility for?
What did the explosion damage?
Who is the owner of the disco?
Who reported a short time to police?
What is ETA's fight for some?
When has a series of attacks by ETA in the last two months been blamed for about a dozen killings since it ended a 14-month truce last December?
What said the bomb caused extensive damage to the Txitxarro discotheque in the town of Deba, some 15 miles west of coastal city of San Sebastian?
Who oppose their goals?
What was nobody hurt in the explosion shortly before?
What does ETA demand?
What damaged a discotheque in Spain's northern Basque region Sunday in an attack claimed by Basque separatists?
What did the two confirm that there were at the time of the explosion?
What did basque police say a man identifying Spain's northern Basque region as a member of the Basque armed group ETA warned of?
Who was Deba?
What does the majority of Spaniards point out that under Spain's democratic constitution, the Basques enjoy than any other region in Europe?
What did the mayor of Deba say?
Who also said that two people who were cleaning inside the discotheque had been left handcuffed to a tree in the road of Itziar toward Hendaya?
What said a man identifying Spain's northern Basque region as a member of the Basque armed group ETA warned of an imminent explosion at the disco?
What did ETA start 30 years ago?
What damaged the building's roof?
What has claimed responsibility for that bombing?
Who is the owner of the disco a brother of?
What said a man identifying himself as a member of the Basque armed group ETA warned of an imminent explosion at the disco?
What does ETA envision?
What regularly targets the Basque business community as part of its independence campaign?
What did basque police say a man identifying himself as a member of the Basque armed group of?
When has it been blamed for about a dozen killings since it ended a 14-month truce last December?
What did DEBA damage a discotheque in Spain's northern Basque region Sunday in?
What demands the right to self determination for Spain's three Basque provinces in the north?
What did basque police say a man identifying Spain's northern Basque region as a member of the Basque armed group of?
What are seen as an acceleration of the campaign of the armed group?
Who is a brother of a businessmen killed in a car bomb in August?
What does the majority of Spaniards point out under?
What does the majority of Spaniards point out that under, the Basques enjoy more autonomy than any other region in Europe?
What has a series of attacks by ETA in the last two months been blamed for this year since it ended a 14-month truce last December?
Who did basque police say ETA warned of an imminent explosion at the disco?
Who reported it to police?
Who points out that under Spain's democratic constitution, the Basques enjoy more autonomy than any other region in Europe?
Who was the owner of the disco?
What was Spain-- A bomb?
What did basque police say a man identifying himself as a member of the Basque armed group ETA warned of?
What has been blamed for about a dozen killings this year since it ended a 14-month truce last December?
What is ETA?
What do the majority of Spaniards oppose?
Who did the anonymous caller also say that two people who were cleaning inside the discotheque had been left handcuffed to a tree in the road of Itziar toward?
When did the two confirm that there were no other people inside the discotheque?
What has it been blamed for this year since it ended a 14-month truce last December?
What does the majority of Spaniards point out that under Spain's democratic constitution, the Basques enjoy more autonomy than?
Who oppose ETA's goals?
What confirmed that there were no other people inside the discotheque at the time of the explosion?
What started its campaign for independence 30 years ago?
What have been killed since ETA started its campaign for independence 30 years ago?
What is a Basque-language acronym for Basque Homeland and Freedom?
How many people have been killed since ETA started its campaign for independence 30 years ago?
What did police say the bomb caused?
Who was Jesus Maria Aguirrezabala?
What is a legitimate battle for sovereignty for some?
What does ETA regularly target as part of its independence campaign?
What does it envision?
What did a unified Basque-nationalist regional government follow the declaration of a cease-fire by?
What are conciliatory measures?
What do other high-ranking members of the two parties consult regularly on?
Who were laying the groundwork for the cease-fire in October 1997?
What recalls Prague or Budapest a decade ago, when endless demonstrations and a sense of history-in-the-making brought ordinary life to a giddy standstill?
Who was able to return home?
What do &LR; &LR; BILBAO, Spain _ to?
What were the runners backed by $35 donations for?
Who says, ``Every effort we 've made to search an accord with Aznar has been negative''?
What do basque nationalists maintain with several?
What do &LR; &LR; BILBAO, Spain _ As NATO rushes troops and equipment to the Balkans, a powerful ethnic separatist movement is building toward a showdown on?
What was an energetic 73?
What rushes troops and equipment to the Balkans?
Who did Sinn Fein sit down at the negotiating table with?
What did Sinn Fein sit down at with its adversaries?
What are the very institutions and tactics of separatist rebellion cut from at Ireland?
What was it the height of?
Who tried to lead a headlong charge against police lines in one instance?
What is in tandem?
What was the Lizarra Declaration modeled consciously on?
Who did that education lead to flee once again just ahead of Franco's police?
What does the Aznar government oppose?
What is 35?
Who is Dabid Lizarralde a university student in the coastal town of Algorta, 10 miles north of?
What do the moderate PNV, Herri Batasuna and a third nationalist party hold in the regional parliament between lengthy lists of unmarked police car license plate numbers?
Who is a university student in the coastal town of Algorta, 10 miles north of Bilbao?
What do the elder Gallastegi found a trading firm in Bilbao to import from the young Irish Free State?
Who were the Gallastegi children raised on an uncompromising mixture of Basque separatism and Irish republicanism in?
What is spanish rule in Basque country close to foundering _ adding to the breakups that have shattered Yugoslavia and other Eastern European countries since 1990?
What does basque country in 1999 recall a decade ago, when endless demonstrations and a sense of history-in-the-making brought ordinary life to a giddy standstill?
What were posted in taverns?
What set the stage for the election, one month later?
When were Basque nationalists laying the groundwork for the cease-fire?
Who is the Rev. Pierre Moleres?
Who were raised on an uncompromising mixture of Basque separatism and Irish republicanism in their Dublin exile?
What did we decide at?
Who consult regularly on tactics?
Who was Eli Gallastegi?
What did that education lead Iker himself to return to Basque country as a young nationalist organizer in 1952 under?
What did Gorka Agirre arrive in?
What did that education lead Iker himself to return to Basque as a young nationalist organizer in 1952 under an assumed name?
What is for the People's Party and the Socialists?
What did a Chronicle reporter encounter visiting groups of militants from Jarrai boisterously participating in Republican political demonstrations during?
What did ETA and Herri Batasuna follow within weeks?
Who followed suit within weeks?
What do Franco's police allege behind?
What began just as Basque nationalists were laying the groundwork for the cease-fire in October 1997?
Who encountered visiting groups of militants from Jarrai boisterously participating in Republican political demonstrations during several assignments in and around Belfast in recent years?
Who is a leader of the mainstream Basque Nationalist Party in Bilbao?
When did the Lizarra Declaration set?
Who face a law enforcement agency _ Spain's Guardia Civil _ that employs virtually no members of its own community?
When was the hard-line crackdown ending?
What do lengthy lists of unmarked police car license plate numbers agree now?
What waged a bloody 30-year war against Madrid for the first time, a unified Basque-nationalist regional government was elected in October?
What did a Chronicle reporter encounter visiting groups of militants from Jarrai boisterously participating in during several assignments in and around Belfast in recent years?
What is effectively a Protestant police force at Northern Ireland?
Whose niece Irantzu was a key figure in the ETA bid for peace?
How many Basque political activists do they join now in prison?
What is a set of matched political structures that frame Western Europe's two oldest ethnic nationalist movements?
What did that education lead Iker himself to flee once again just ahead of?
Who was Iker's father?
Who is 21?
What has Herri Batasuna compiled?
What remains strictly against the law?
What is the Rev. Pierre Moleres bishop of?
When Gorka Agirre arrived in power, who said, ` I will never talk with ETA? '
Whose police allege that Jarrai is behind a spate of firebombings directed at officials of Aznar's conservative People's Party in Basque country?
Whose second home was Dublin already?
What did the underground separatist army that has wage a bloody 30-year war against Madrid for the first time, was elected in October?
Who says, ``Before Lizarra, the football field had always been the Spanish state''?
What were the Gallastegi children raised on in 1932's Dublin exile?
What Gallastegi's daughter Usune has been in since 1994, sentenced to an eight-year term for ``collaborating with terrorists?''
Who says my generation believes that we will actually create one?
What was answered by Prime Minister Jose Maria Aznar with a hard-line crackdown?
Who have been found dead?
What did it protest the sales of to the Turkish government?
When do the exchanges between Ireland and Basque country that began with the Gallastegis continue at a brisk clip?
What has Herri Batasuna posted in popular taverns run by the party in nearly every Basque town and village?
What was Gallastegi's niece Irantzu one of?
Who did french police round up in late April under pressure from Madrid?
What declared a permanent cease-fire?
What are much less peace negotiations?
What was Herri Batasuna the political arm of?
Who has posted them in popular taverns run by the party in nearly every Basque town and village?
What does even a referendum on self-determination in Basque country remain strictly against?
What were the Gallastegi children raised on in their Dublin exile?
Who speaks off the record?
What were greeted by musicians playing Basque folk songs on traditional instruments?
What did it protest the sales of arms manufactured by Spanish firms in Basque country to?
Who maintain quasi-diplomatic relations with several?
Who did Iker Gallastegi arrive in Ireland in September 1937 at age 10 with now an energetic 73?
Who were raised on an uncompromising mixture of Basque separatism and Irish republicanism in 1932's Dublin exile?
What did a unified Basque-nationalist regional government follow the declaration of by ETA?
What did Iker Gallastegi arrive in in September 1937 at age 10 with his parents and five siblings now an energetic 73?
What did the young Basques try to lead in one instance?
What Gallastegi's daughter Usune has been in a Spanish prison since 1994, sentenced to for ``collaborating with terrorists?''
What has the new regional government invited to convene in Bilbao in July?
What is spanish rule in Basque country confronted with?
What is where the Irish experience no longer fits the Basque reality?
What do Basques face a law enforcement agency?
What was the elder Gallastegi inspired by?
What were the imprisoned council members?
What do the moderate PNV, Herri Batasuna and a third nationalist party hold 41 seats in between them?
What does Dabid Lizarralde say my generation believes that we will actually create?
How many more nationalist leaders in Paris did french police round up in late April under pressure from Madrid?
When did Iker Gallastegi arrive in Ireland in September 1937 with his parents and five siblings now an energetic 73?
Who had written a history of the 1916 Easter Rising against British rule?
What was deeply alienating most voters?
What are communities no exchange of between Bilbao versions of the Catholic and Protestant gunmen who haunt Belfast?
What did the young Basques try to lead a headlong charge against police lines in?
Who was the Good Friday Agreement reached under?
Obviously, what extend to a working relationship between ETA and IRA on some level?
What did a unified Basque-nationalist regional government follow by ETA?
Who passed directly in front of an 8 p. m. demonstration by parents of Basque political prisoners that has occupied Algorta's main intersection every evening for four years?
When has the new regional government invited the outlawed Kurdish parliament to convene in Bilbao?
What is the place for peace?
Who were backed by $35 donations for each kilometer?
Who did that education lead Iker himself to return to Basque country as in 1952 under an assumed name?
Who follow all of these movements closely?
What was moleres ' offer to help arrange negotiations rejected by?
What has officially prohibited the convention?
What were the runners diverted around to avoid colliding with a parade sponsored by Herri Batasuna?
What does Aznar point out that ETA has been responsible for in the past three decades, mostly of government officials?
What does he say was interested in talking about a different future here?
How many seats do the moderate PNV, Herri Batasuna and a third nationalist party hold in the regional parliament between them?
What is the Royal Ulster Constabulary effectively at Northern Ireland?
What was it?
What have not come from 10 Downing Street, but from die-hard factions within the unionist and republican camps?
Who says, ``Every effort other high-ranking members of the two parties 've made to search an accord with Aznar has been negative''?
Who says, ``There's essentially no contact anymore between our people and the central government''?
What was already his second home?
Who was the Herri Batasuna youth organization?
What do Basques face a law enforcement agency _ Spain's Guardia Civil _?
What was the height of the Spanish Civil War?
What has invited the outlawed Kurdish parliament to convene in Bilbao in July?
What has Herri Batasuna posted them in?
What is Bilbao?
Who was the result a dramatic September meeting in the city of Lizarra, 70 miles south of?
What does NATO rush troops and equipment to?
What did french police round up six more nationalist leaders in Paris in late April under?
What does Aznar say about I apply the law?
Who do other high-ranking members of the two parties join now in prison?
Who was singled out for liquidation by General Francisco Franco's Fascists?
What was Dublin already?
What do basque nationalists follow closely?
Who do Basques face a law enforcement agency _ Spain's Guardia Civil _ that employs?
What could our fathers and grandfathers only &LR;?
What decided at Lizarra?
What has Herri Batasuna posted lengthy lists of unmarked police car license plate numbers in?
What is close to foundering _ adding a Western European chapter to the breakups that have shattered Yugoslavia and other Eastern European countries since 1990?
Who was inspired by the stubborn Irish fight for independence?
What does it's?
What do Basques face a law enforcement agency _ Spain's Guardia Civil _ that employs virtually no members of?
Who was a key figure in the ETA bid for peace?
Who did long-distance runners pass directly in front of an 8 p. m. demonstration by?
What charge that these visits include military field training under IRA supervision?
Who says, ``I had to beat the dust in 1952''?
What do the elder Gallastegi found a trading firm in Bilbao to import eggs, potatoes and pork from?
Where did Iker Gallastegi arrive in September 1937 at age 10 with his parents and five siblings now an energetic 73?
Who says, ``We 're not married''?
Where is the Royal Ulster Constabulary effectively a Protestant police force?
When did ETA and Herri Batasuna follow suit?
What did a unified Basque-nationalist regional government protest the sales of arms manufactured by Spanish firms in Basque country to?
Who was the hard-line crackdown deeply alienating?
Who is a member of Herri Batasuna's national council?
What followed the declaration of a cease-fire by ETA?
What was Basque country in?
Who is Gorka Agirre?
What sets the stage for a confrontation over Basque ties to the Kurds?
What did they pass directly in by parents of Basque political prisoners that has occupied Algorta's main intersection every evening for four years?
Whose niece Irantzu was one of those arrested?
What is against 30?
What do spanish police charge that these visits include training under IRA supervision?
How many Basque political activists do other high-ranking members of the two parties join now in prison?
What do the moderate PNV, Herri Batasuna and a third nationalist party hold 41 seats in the regional parliament between?
When Gallastegi's daughter Usune has been in a Spanish prison, sentenced to an eight-year term for ``collaborating with terrorists?''
What do spanish police charge under?
What does Dabid Lizarralde say my generation believes?
Who was the political arm of ETA?
What did the election, one month later usher in?
What is Eusebio Lasa a member of?
What does a Basque leader speak off?
When does Aznar point out that ETA has been responsible for more than 800 killings?
When did the underground separatist army that has wage a bloody 30-year war against Madrid for the first time, a unified Basque-nationalist regional government was elected?
Who does not make gestures?
Who were the most negotiation-minded of the organization's factions to hold sway in years?
What has Herri Batasuna compiled lengthy lists of license plate numbers?
What was the hard-line crackdown ending decades of?
What is the regional parliament for?
What do we agree now that there was?
What led Iker himself to return to Basque country as a young nationalist organizer in 1952 under an assumed name?
What could our fathers and grandfathers only &LR; &LR; dream of?
What was Herri Batasuna?
What passed directly in front of an 8 p. m. demonstration by parents of Basque political prisoners that has occupied Algorta's main intersection every evening for four years?
What was modeled consciously on the Good Friday Agreement in Northern Ireland?
Who did a Chronicle reporter encounter visiting groups of from Jarrai boisterously participating in Republican political demonstrations during several assignments in and around Belfast in recent years?
Who says, ``1932 're not married''?
What is the regional parliament against?
What were restaurants and shops?
What hold 41 seats in the regional parliament between lengthy lists of unmarked police car license plate numbers?
What did the underground separatist army that has wage for the first time, a unified Basque-nationalist regional government was elected in October?
Who says, ``The situation has changed enormously''?
Who has made at least half a dozen visits to Bilbao?
What is spanish rule in Basque country close to foundering _ adding a Western European chapter to?
What was the result?
Who insists, ``Me, I want peace'', ``Me, I want peace''?
What is Gorka Agirre a leader of?
What are no exchange of atrocities between Bilbao versions of the Catholic and Protestant gunmen who haunt Belfast?
Who agree now that there was no great difference between those two parties when it came to Basques?
What did a unified Basque-nationalist regional government protest the sales of to the Turkish government?
What has Herri Batasuna posted lengthy lists of license plate numbers in popular taverns run by the party in nearly every Basque town and village?
What has Sinn Fein leader Gerry Adams made?
Who says neither was interested in talking about a different future here?
What do I not make?
What is the closest kinship with?
When had the elder Gallastegi written a history Rising against British rule?
What continue at a brisk clip today?
What are communities?
What were taverns?
What has the rebellious family tradition carried into?
What do they allege that Jarrai is behind?
Who do the moderate PNV, Herri Batasuna and a third nationalist party hold 41 seats in the regional parliament between?
What does Gorka Agirre say was interested in talking about a different future here?
What has Madrid officially prohibited?
Who does Aznar say about his refusal to meet the cease-fire with conciliatory measures apply the law?
What did a unified Basque-nationalist regional government protest to the Turkish government?
Who says, ``The enemy is not the Spanish lad next door''?
Who arrived in power?
What do the moderate PNV, Herri Batasuna and a third nationalist party hold 41 seats in between lengthy lists of unmarked police car license plate numbers?
What were that republican leaders obliged to restrain the young Basques in?
What did crowds of people pour out of the local railroad station from each Friday?
What did crowds of people pour out of from yet other demonstrations in Bilbao each Friday?
When did Iker Gallastegi arrive in Ireland at age 10 with his parents and five siblings now an energetic 73?
What led Iker himself to flee once again just ahead of Franco's police?
Who were obliged to restrain the young Basques in fact?
What join more than 500 Basque political activists now in prison?
What has the new regional government invited the outlawed Kurdish parliament to convene in in July?
What is the set of matched political structures the frame in?
What did long-distance runners pass directly in by parents of Basque political prisoners that has occupied Algorta's main intersection every evening for four years?
What does Dabid Lizarralde say believes that we will actually create one?
Who do they join now in prison?
What do the exchanges between Ireland and Basque country that began with the Gallastegis continue at today?
Who is Dabid Lizarralde?
What's the difference between Gorka Agirre?
What were Basque nationalists laying in October 1997?
What rounded up six more nationalist leaders in Paris in late April under pressure from Madrid?
Who were crowds of people greeted by?
Who did a Chronicle reporter encounter visiting groups of militants from boisterously participating in Republican political demonstrations during several assignments in and around Belfast in recent years?
What agree now that there was no great difference between those two parties when it came to Basques?
Who insists, ``Gorka Agirre, I want peace'', ``Me, I want peace''?
What is confronted with unprecedented political opposition and public anger?
What hold 41 seats in the regional parliament between them?
When had the elder Gallastegi written Rising against British rule?
Who join more than 500 Basque political activists now in prison?
What was Jarrai?
What does Aznar point out for?
What do Basques face agency _ Spain's Guardia Civil _ that employs virtually no members of its own community?
Who did that education lead to return to Basque country as a young nationalist organizer in 1952 under an assumed name?
What has been in a Spanish prison since 1994, sentenced to an eight-year term for ``collaborating with terrorists?''
What did the IRA declare?
Who arrived in Ireland in September 1937 at age 10 with his parents and five siblings now an energetic 73?
What ushered in the unprecedented nationalist-run regional government?
What was the cease-fire answered by Prime Minister Jose Maria Aznar with?
Who founded a trading firm in Bilbao to import eggs, potatoes and pork from the young Irish Free State?
What is Dabid Lizarralde?
Who says about his refusal to meet the cease-fire with conciliatory measures I apply the law?
What does NATO rush to the Balkans?
When did the underground separatist army that has wage a bloody 30-year war against Madrid, a unified Basque-nationalist regional government was elected in October?
What were the imprisoned council members the most negotiation-minded of?
Who do Basques face a law enforcement agency _ that employs virtually no members of its own community?
What protested the sales of arms manufactured by Spanish firms in Basque country to the Turkish government?
Who has Herri Batasuna posted in popular taverns run by the party in nearly every Basque town and village?
What sat down at the negotiating table with its adversaries?
What do basque nationalists follow all of closely?
What was a dramatic September meeting in the city of Lizarra, 70 miles south of Bilbao?
What does that's?
Who is the region's largest city?
What is with Ireland?
What was already Gallastegi's second home?
Whose police did that education lead Iker himself to flee once again just ahead of?
Who were diverted around the town center to avoid colliding with a parade sponsored by Herri Batasuna?
What did it protest to the Turkish government?
How many dozen visits to Bilbao has Sinn Fein leader Gerry Adams made?
What do other high-ranking members of the two parties join more than 500 Basque political activists now in?
What did I arrive in?
What do the elder Gallastegi found in Bilbao to import eggs, potatoes and pork from the young Irish Free State?
What do they allege behind?
Whose national council is Eusebio Lasa a member of?
What was in flames?
What is spanish rule in Basque country close to adding a Western European chapter to the breakups that have shattered Yugoslavia and other Eastern European countries since 1990?
Who allege that Jarrai is behind a spate of firebombings directed at officials of Aznar's conservative People's Party in Basque country?
What do the elder Gallastegi found a trading firm in to import eggs, potatoes and pork from the young Irish Free State?
What do we agree now?
What was the leading Basque singled out for by General Francisco Franco's Fascists?
What did lengthy lists of unmarked police car license plate numbers decide at?
When does Madrid set?
What is Eusebio Lasa?
What opposes any international mediation in the crisis?
Who was one of those arrested?
What have the problems since in implementing self-rule in Northern Ireland not come from Downing Street, but from die-hard factions within the unionist and republican camps?
What poured out of the local railroad station from yet other demonstrations in Bilbao each Friday?
Who did they pass directly in front of an 8 p. m. demonstration by?
Who was a leading Basque nationalist when the family fled Spain?
Who decided at Lizarra?
What is the Royal Ulster Constabulary effectively a Protestant police force at?
What do lengthy lists of unmarked police car license plate numbers agree now that there was?
What did Iker Gallastegi arrive in Ireland in September 1937 at age 10 with his parents and five siblings?
What allege that Jarrai is behind a spate of firebombings directed at officials of Aznar's conservative People's Party in Basque country?
Who could only &LR; &LR; dream of a free Basque land?
What _ As NATO rushes troops and equipment to the Balkans, a powerful ethnic separatist movement is building toward a showdown on the Alliance's own Atlantic flank?
What does Aznar say about his refusal to meet the cease-fire with conciliatory measures I apply?
When I arrived in power, who said, ` I will never talk with ETA? '
Who was Eli Gallastegi when the family fled Spain?
What has carried into the next generation?
Who points out that ETA has been responsible for more than 800 killings in the past three decades, mostly of government officials?
Obviously, what do the ties extend to a working relationship between ETA and IRA on?
What was ending decades of cooperation between Basque moderates and Spanish political parties?
What do PNV leaders point out?
What's the national state?
Whose father was Eli Gallastegi?
Who point out that few regional autonomy measures promised as long ago as the 1970s were implemented when the Socialists or conservatives were part of the regional governing coalition?
What do Franco's police allege that Jarrai is behind?
Whose Fascists was the leading Basque singled out for liquidation by?
What does the enemy's?
Obviously, what do the ties extend to on some level?
What is counters the Rev. Pierre Moleres?
Who has posted lengthy lists of unmarked police car license plate numbers in popular taverns run by the party in nearly every Basque town and village?
Who has compiled lengthy lists of unmarked police car license plate numbers?
When did that education lead Iker himself to return to Basque country as a young nationalist organizer under an assumed name?
What were the runners backed by for each kilometer?
Who was the cease-fire answered by with a hard-line crackdown?
What was an energetic 73 the height of?
What's the difference between us?
Who was the leading Basque singled out for liquidation by?
Who was dead?
What was Gallastegi's niece Irantzu?
When did crowds of people pour out of the local railroad station from yet other demonstrations in Bilbao?
What do the moderate PNV, Herri Batasuna and a third nationalist party hold in the regional parliament between them?
When did french police round up six more nationalist leaders in Paris under pressure from Madrid?
What do they join more than 500 Basque political activists now in?
Who is bishop of the predominantly Basque city of Bayonne in France?
What is Gallastegi's daughter Usune?
What were portraits of the town's 13 sons and daughters in Spanish prisons posted in?
What is the first?
What is the new governing coalition?
What was rejected by the Aznar government?
What did a Chronicle reporter encounter visiting from Jarrai boisterously participating in Republican political demonstrations during several assignments in and around Belfast in recent years?
Who did Madrid say that the week-long unilateral cease-fire started today by Eta is a propaganda stunt?
What is the Basque regional government led by?
What did the Basque regional government say on?
When was Madrid?
What did Jose Ortega Lara urge to concentrate on uniting against the Eta and not squabble over the response to the cease-fire?
What has Eta killed over the past 27 years?
When did Madrid say that the week-long unilateral cease-fire started by the militant Basque separatist group Eta is a propaganda stunt?
Who said talks with the Eta should not be considered?
What said that the Eta would have to offer more before negotiations could be considered?
What said the week-long cease-fire was insufficient?
What did the opposition Spanish Socialist Workers Party say was insufficient?
What does the government change?
What did Madrid say that the week-long unilateral cease-fire started today by the militant Basque separatist group is a propaganda stunt?
What has said it will hold Ortega Lara until the government changes its policy of placing Eta prisoners in jails outside the Basque Country?
What has the Eta said?
When has Eta killed more than 750 people?
What did Madrid say that the week-long unilateral cease-fire started today by the militant Basque separatist group?
What has held for five months?
How many people has Eta killed over the past 27 years?
What has fought for a separate Basque state made up of four northern Spanish provinces and three southwestern French departments?
What did he urge to concentrate on uniting against the Eta and not squabble over the response to the cease-fire?
When has Eta held?
What has the Eta said will hold Ortega Lara until the government changes its policy of placing Eta prisoners in jails outside the Basque Country?
What changes its policy of placing Eta prisoners in jails outside the Basque Country?
Who was the Popular Party spokesman in the Basque country?
What has killed more than 750 people over the past 27 years?
What has the Eta fought for?
What did Madrid say that the week-long unilateral cease-fire started today by the militant Basque separatist group Eta is?
Who are due to be moved to the Basque country in coming weeks?
What did Carlos Iturgay say?
What said that the week-long unilateral cease-fire started today by the militant Basque separatist group Eta is a propaganda stunt?
Who urged the parties attending the Tuesday meeting to concentrate on uniting against the Eta and not squabble over the response to the cease-fire?
What was June 24-- Prime Minister Jose Maria Aznar?
What could be considered?
What was designed to disrupt a upcoming meeting of Basque parties opposed to Eta?
Who was Carlos Iturgay?
What is led by the moderate Basque Nationalist Party?
Who did Madrid say by?
What did the opposition Spanish Socialist Workers Party say?
When has it held?
Who has the Eta said it will hold until the government changes its policy of placing Eta prisoners in jails outside the Basque Country?
What said the cease-fire provided a reason for hope but called on the Eta to give up its arms altogether?
What did Carlos Iturgay say should not be considered?
What did the Basque regional government say provided a reason for hope but called on the Eta to give up its arms altogether?
Who said today?
What were killed in the pro-independence war?
What was expected to strengthen the links between the national and regional anti-terrorism alliances?
When did the ETA's week-long unilateral truce end?
What will the Herri Batasuna party be excluded from?
When was MADRID?
What has been fighting for a separate Basque state for 27 years?
What did Mayor Oreja say is aimed at ``uniting all democratic forces in the struggle against terrorism''?
What has the ETA been fighting for for 27 years?
What ended Monday?
What has the national alliance been allying with to quell the ETA, namely the Basque Homeland and Freedom?
How many people were killed in the pro-independence war?
What will be excluded from the meeting?
When did Interior Minister Jaime Mayor Oreja say?
What was July 2?
What has been allying with its regional counterpart to quell the ETA, namely the Basque Homeland and Freedom?
What came on after the ETA's week-long unilateral truce ended Monday?
Who said the July 10 meeting is aimed at ``uniting all democratic forces in the struggle against terrorism''?
When has the ETA been fighting for a separate Basque state?
What were about 750 people killed in?
What nobody was injured?
What were the explosions the latest of?
What call from someone claiming to be an ETA member?
What was MADRID claimed by?
How many bombs were claimed by the Basque separatist ETA?
What has been fighting since 1968 for an independent Basque state, leaving 800 people dead?
When did MADRID-- Three bombs go off in the southern Spanish city of Malaga?
What was claimed by the Basque separatist ETA?
When was MADRID?
What were three bombs claimed by?
What did MADRID-- Three bombs go off in early today?
Where did MADRID-- Three bombs go off early today?
What were seemed to be designed to cause no casualties and little damage?
What were the latest of a series of small blasts reported this week in the area?
What went off in the southern Spanish city of Malaga early today?
What were claimed by the Basque separatist ETA?
What were the explosions?
What was July 13?
Who was arrested when he was with his wife in an apartment in the village of Bidart in the French Basque country?
What was September 16?
When is Arregui born in Renteria, Spanish Basque country?
Who is born in 1955 in Renteria, Spanish Basque country?
When was PARIS?
What did a media report say Saturday was arrested Friday evening by French security force in southwest France?
What was ETA launching an intensive campaign of?
What has killed 12 people in terrorist attacks since the end of its truce with Madrid last December?
How many people in terrorist attacks has ETA killed since the end of its truce with Madrid last December?
Who is Arregui?
What was Ignacio Gracia Arregui?
Who was also known as ``Inaki de Renteria''?
What was ETA launching?
What said Saturday PARIS-- The chief of the Basque militant group ETA was arrested Friday evening by French security force in southwest France?
When did a media report say Saturday PARIS-- The chief of the Basque militant group ETA was arrested by French security force in southwest France?
Who was believed to be the mastermind of the abortive assassination plot in 1995 against King Juan Carlos in the island of Palma de Majorque?
Who is the highest leader of ETA and leader of the French Basque country's military wing since 1992?
Who was PARIS-- the chief of the Basque militant group ETA?
Who was Arregui also known as?
What was launching an intensive campaign of attacks against the Spanish authorities?
What was believed to be the mastermind of the abortive assassination plot in 1995 against King Juan Carlos in the island of Palma de Majorque?
What has ETA killed since the end of its truce with Madrid last December?
What came as ETA was launching an intensive campaign of attacks against the Spanish authorities?
What is Arregui born in 1955 in?
What did a media report say Saturday PARIS-- The chief of the Basque militant group ETA was arrested Friday evening by?
What is Arregui the highest leader of?
When did a media report say PARIS-- The chief of the Basque militant group ETA was arrested Friday evening by French security force in southwest France?
Who is the highest leader of ETA and leader of its military wing since 1992?
When has ETA killed 12 people in terrorist attacks?
