Who have visited her twice in her van outside Yangon?
What did the military deny the election was for a parliament, but instead for delegates to a convention to write a new constitution after?
What did the military deny the election was for a parliament, but instead for delegates to after the NLD victory?
When does Suu Kyi's offer to end her protest come to convene parliament?
What was she stopped outside Yangon last Wednesday by as she attempted to drive to the city of Bassein to meet with members of parliament from her party?
Who did she attempt to drive to the city of Bassein to meet with from her party?
What did it deny for after the NLD victory?
What did her doctors take?
What is not complete?
What is Democratic Front?
Whose health was also ``failing'' according to a statement released Thursday by the National League for Democracy?
What refused to honor the results?
Who is unclear?
Who is engaged in her fourth confrontation in two months with the military government over her right to travel freely within Myanmar?
What gives the military the leading role in politics?
What is an exile group?
What did the NLD win 82 percent of the seats in the assembly in?
What do the military gun down during a nationwide democracy uprising in 1988?
What did her doctors fear in?
What was she stopped outside by the authorities as she attempted to drive to the city of Bassein to meet with members of parliament from her party?
Who does the draft being worked on bar from holding public office?
What have several ethnic insurgent groups, exiled democracy activists and Western governments supported to be convened?
What did she attempt to drive to to meet with members of parliament from her party?
What comes one day before her party's deadline for the military to convene parliament?
What has Suu Kyi said in the past that the party sometimes does not hear about?
What has ruled Myanmar since 1962?
Who took blood samples?
What is Suu Kyi engaged in with the military government over her right to travel freely within Myanmar?
What has the military ruled since 1962?
Who offered Thursday to end her road side standoff with the military government if the government agrees to release jailed members of her political party?
What won 82 percent of the seats in the assembly in a 1990 election?
Who feared she may have contracted jaundice or another disease after spending nine days in her car with three colleagues 32 kilometers outside Yangon?
What is Suu Kyi engaged in her fourth confrontation in two months with the military government over?
Who has said in the past that the party sometimes does not hear about it?
Who attempted to drive to the city of Bassein to meet with members of parliament from her party?
What denied the election was for a parliament, but instead for delegates to a convention to write a new constitution after the NLD victory?
What gunned down thousands of protesters during a nationwide democracy uprising in 1988?
What did a government spokesman say, ``The question is''?
What did her doctors fear she may have contracted jaundice or another disease after spending nine days in her car with three colleagues 32 kilometers outside?
What was her political party?
What has Suu Kyi said in the past about?
What does Suu Kyi's offer to end her protest come one day before her party's deadline for the military to convene?
What did the military say Thursday has no intention of meeting the demand?
What did the NLD win 82 percent of in a 1990 election?
What did it deny the election was for a parliament, but instead for delegates to after the NLD victory?
Who did the NLD say was willing to return to Yangon if the government released jailed members of parliament and other members of her party imprisoned since May?
What did the military say Thursday it has?
What did the military say Thursday?
What is Suu Kyi engaged in her fourth confrontation in two months with over her right to travel freely within Myanmar?
What do the military gun down thousands of protesters during in 1988?
When did the military say it has no intention of meeting the demand?
What is also known as Burma?
When has Suu Kyi said that the party sometimes does not hear about it?
Whose offer to end her protest comes one day before her party's deadline for the military to convene parliament?
Where did the NLD say?
What said?
What have supported the NLD's call for parliament to be convened?
What did the military deny for after the NLD victory?
What bars Suu Kyi from holding public office?
When has the military ruled Myanmar?
What have never met her calls to release political prisoners or begin a dialogue in the past?
What is Myanmar also known as?
What did it deny was for a parliament, but instead for delegates to a convention to write a new constitution after the NLD victory?
What was also ``failing'' according to a statement released Thursday by the National League for Democracy?
What did the military refuse to honor?
Who have her personal physicians visited twice in her van outside Yangon?
Who was on condition of anonymity?
What have they never met to release political prisoners or begin a dialogue in the past?
Who did her doctors fear may have contracted jaundice or another disease after spending nine days in her car with three colleagues 32 kilometers outside Yangon?
What said Thursday it has no intention of meeting the demand?
When do the military gun down thousands of protesters during a nationwide democracy uprising?
When have they never met her calls to release political prisoners or begin a dialogue?
What did it deny the election was for a parliament, but instead for delegates to a convention to write a new constitution after?
What was the government spokesman on?
What did the military deny was for a parliament, but instead for delegates to a convention to write a new constitution after the NLD victory?
What was Democracy?
Where did she attempt to drive to meet with members of parliament from her party?
Who do the military gun down thousands of during a nationwide democracy uprising in 1988?
Who was stopped outside Yangon last Wednesday by the authorities as she attempted to drive to the city of Bassein to meet with members of parliament from her party?
What have her personal physicians visited her twice in?
What did her doctors fear she may have contracted after spending nine days in her car with three colleagues 32 kilometers outside Yangon?
What did she attempt to drive to the city of Bassein to meet with members of parliament from?
Who said, ``The question is how does one call a parliament if there exists no constitution''?
What did the NLD win in a 1990 election?
Who have never met her calls to release political prisoners or begin a dialogue in the past?
What did the NLD say to?
Who said Wednesday the military has arrested more than 500 members of Suu Kyi's political party since May?
When did party leaders say Wednesday the military has arrested more than 500 members of Suu Kyi's political party?
Who did the NLD say were arrested in the latest sweep?
Whose goal was to cause instability and the disintegration of the nation?
What did the group say ``The ABSDF estimates that more than 900 political arrests have taken since May''?
Who did Democratic Front say the junta had arrested since June for campaigning for democracy in addition?
What did the poll take?
What set Aug. 21 as a deadline for the military to call the assembly into session?
Who said the junta had arrested more than 300 students since June for campaigning for democracy in addition?
What won 82 percent of the seats in the parliament?
What said ``The ABSDF estimates that more than 900 political arrests have taken place since May''?
When have more than 300 of the arrests taken place?
What called on the country's lawyers to endorse the convening of parliament on Thursday?
What began rounding up NLD members this week to prevent the party from convening the parliament elected in 1990?
How many students did Democratic Front say the junta had arrested since June for campaigning for democracy in addition?
Who did Myanmar's military government continue its arrests of?
What do Suu Kyi and her party follow a doctrine of political change through?
What continued its arrests of the country's democracy activists?
What was an exiles group?
What was Gen. Tin Oo?
Who did the military begin rounding up this week to prevent the party from convening the parliament elected in 1990?
What was parliament known as?
Who did the Burma Lawyers Council call on to endorse the convening of parliament on Thursday?
What did the military warn that such a move would be illegal and could result in the party being outlawed?
What is the State Peace and Development Council the official name of?
What do YANGON, Myanmar _?
When did the party set as a deadline for the military to call the assembly into session?
Who is Tin Oo army chief of?
What is the State Peace and Development Council?
When did party leaders say the military has arrested more than 500 members of Suu Kyi's political party since May?
What has she cited U. S. civil rights leader Martin Luther King and Indian leader Mahatma Gandhi as?
What did the NLD win 82 percent of in the parliament?
What did the NLD say it would convene parliament on?
What did the New Light of Myanmar report Gen. Tin Oo said in?
What was the National League for Democracy?
Who are state-run newspapers?
What are Suu Kyi's movements severely restricted by?
Who was one of the top four generals in the 21-member ruling military council?
What did Democratic Front say had arrested more than 300 students since June for campaigning for democracy in addition?
What has ruled Myanmar since 1962?
What did Myanmar's military government continue?
What do Suu Kyi and her party follow through nonviolence?
What has the military ruled since 1962?
What did party leaders say Wednesday the military has arrested more than 500 members of since May?
What took place?
When have a total of 187 been arrested?
What did the Burma Lawyers Council call on the country's lawyers to endorse on Thursday?
What do YANGON, Myanmar _ While Myanmar's military government continued its arrests of the country's democracy activists, a top general accused Nobel Peace Prize winner?
What have been arrested since May?
Whose movements are severely restricted by the government?
What claims it has arrested no one, but merely ``invited'' NLD members to military guest houses for an ``exchange of views?''
What did the group say ``estimates that more than 900 political arrests have taken place since May''?
What are terrorists?
Who did party leaders say Wednesday the military has arrested since May?
What have the United States called on to begin a dialogue with the NLD?
Whose political party did party leaders say Wednesday the military has arrested more than 500 members of since May?
Whose political party was the National League for Democracy?
What was addition?
What did the NLD win 82 percent of the seats in?
What is also known as Burma?
What have condemned the arrests?
What did party leaders say Wednesday has arrested more than 500 members of Suu Kyi's political party since May?
What was Suu Kyi's political party?
Who has not been seen in pubic since the crackdown began?
When did Democratic Front say the junta had arrested more than 300 students for campaigning for democracy in addition?
What did the NLD say 129 members of parliament were arrested in?
What refused to honor the result?
What did the military warn the NLD in?
What have called on the military to begin a dialogue with the NLD?
What did the NLD say on?
What was Democratic Front?
What is Britain, France, Germany, Japan and other nations?
When did the group say ?
When did Democratic Front say in addition?
Who did the New Light of Myanmar report Gen. Tin Oo said Suu Kyi was working ``in collaboration with''?
What did the NLD win in the parliament?
Who did the New Light of Myanmar report said Suu Kyi was working ``in collaboration with underground terrorists and some super power countries''?
Who refused?
What did Democratic Front say the junta had arrested more than 300 students since June for campaigning for democracy in?
Who was the Burma Lawyers Council composed of?
What was composed of exiles?
When did the Burma Lawyers Council call on the country's lawyers to endorse the convening of parliament?
When has the military ruled Myanmar?
What did the NLD say would convene parliament on its own?
What have the United States called on the military to begin?
How many members of Suu Kyi's political party did party leaders say Wednesday the military has arrested since May?
What did the New Light of Myanmar report Gen. Tin Oo said Suu Kyi was working ``in with underground terrorists and some super power countries''?
What is Myanmar also known as?
What did the NLD say it would convene on its own?
What said 129 members of parliament were arrested in the latest sweep?
Who did the New Light of Myanmar report Gen. Tin Oo said was working ``in collaboration with underground terrorists and some super power countries''?
What is the United States?
What was known as the People's Assembly?
What reported Gen. Tin Oo said Suu Kyi was working ``in collaboration with underground terrorists and some super power countries''?
What are severely restricted by the government?
What do Suu Kyi and her party follow a doctrine of through nonviolence?
What began?
What is the official name of the junta?
What did the military refuse to honor?
What did the military begin rounding up NLD members this week to prevent from convening the parliament elected in 1990?
Who follow a doctrine of political change through nonviolence?
When did the military begin rounding up NLD members to prevent the party from convening the parliament elected in 1990?
How many members of parliament did the NLD say were arrested in the latest sweep?
When did the party set Aug. 21?
What did the NLD say in?
What have more than 300 of the arrests taken since Sunday?
What is group such as Amnesty International?
What warned the NLD that such a move would be illegal and could result in the party being outlawed?
When did the group say ``The ABSDF estimates that more than 900 political arrests have taken place''?
What have taken place since Sunday?
Who is Tin Oo?
Who has cited U. S. civil rights leader Martin Luther King and Indian leader Mahatma Gandhi as her influences?
What did the Burma Lawyers Council call on the country's lawyers to endorse the convening of on Thursday?
What said it would convene parliament on its own?
Who is army chief of staff and a leader of what is considered the hard-line faction in the State Peace and Development Council?
What have the United States condemned?
What was to cause instability and the disintegration of the nation?
What was the All Burma Students?
When did the group say ``The ABSDF estimates''?
What has Suu Kyi not been seen in since the crackdown began?
What renewed threats to deport the Nobel laureate?
What signed ``Supreme Court Justice'' said that Suu Kyi is a British citizen and so the government should deport her?
What said more than 900 democracy activists have been arrested since May?
Who are among those who have been arrested?
What does the government take?
What has the NLD said that representatives of the Chin, Rakhine and Mon ethnic groups were among?
What did groups representing three of Myanmar's ethnic groups add their condemnations for on Friday?
Who is Myanmar's late independence hero?
Who is the daughter of Myanmar's late independence hero?
What is Suu Kyi's political party?
Who did the Wa National Organization, the Palaung State Liberation Front and the Lahu Democratic Front say the arrest were an ``insulting act of?''
What did YANGON The British embassy in Yangon deny allegations in Myanmar's state-run press?
What added their condemnations for the arrests and their support for the convening of parliament on Friday?
What has said that representatives of the Chin, Rakhine and Mon ethnic groups were among those arrested in the latest crackdown?
Who did the All Burma Students Democratic Front say have been arrested since May?
What was Myanmar _?
What did YANGON The British embassy in Yangon deny that opposition leader Aung San Suu Kyi is a British citizen?
What urged Suu Kyi to go back to Britain before the government takes legal action and deports her on Friday?
What did the Wa National Organization, the Palaung State Liberation Front and the Lahu Democratic Front say were an ``insulting act of shameless?''
What was YANGON?
What denied allegations in Myanmar's state-run press that opposition leader Aung San Suu Kyi is a British citizen?
Whose political party is the National League for Democracy?
What did the NLD win 82 percent of?
What do the arrests have human rights groups?
What won 82 percent of the seats in that assembly?
What has military bungling turned resource-rich Myanmar into?
What is widespread because of its handling of the economy?
What is inflation running at?
What did the Wa National Organization, the Palaung State Liberation Front and the Lahu Democratic Front say the arrest were?''
Who does the government deport?
What do the arrests have?
What has Myanmar been ruled by since 1962?
What are nearly 200 elected lawmakers among?
Who did YANGON The British embassy in Yangon deny allegations in Myanmar's state-run press that opposition leader Aung San Suu Kyi is?
When has Myanmar been ruled by the military?
What takes legal action?
Who is Gen. Aung San?
When did groups representing three of Myanmar's ethnic groups add their condemnations for the arrests and their support for the convening of parliament?
When did the All Burma Students Democratic Front say more than 900 democracy activists have been arrested?
What is discontent with the regime widespread because of?
What is also known as Burma?
What did the NLD win?
What have the governments of Britain, France, West Germany and Japan also condemned?
What has arrested more than 300 of members of Suu Kyi's political party since Sunday?
What has military bungling turned into one of the world's poorest nations?
What was overwhelmingly rejected by Myanmar citizens?
What deports her?
What has the military arrested since Sunday?
What did the U. S. government issue?
How many democracy activists did the All Burma Students Democratic Front say have been arrested since May?
What makes dual citizenship in Myanmar illegal?
Who is Suu Kyi the daughter of?
What has the NLD said among?
When has the military arrested more than 300 of members of Suu Kyi's political party?
What has been ruled by the military since 1962?
What are Defense spending accounts for more than half the government budget and power blackouts?
What said the arrest were an ``insulting act of shameless?''
What have human rights groups Amnesty International and Human Rights Watch Asia?
What were shameless?
What is the National League for Democracy?
What does a 1982 law make illegal?
Who was the military refused to honor the result after its rule overwhelmingly rejected by?
What did groups representing three of Myanmar's ethnic groups add for the arrests and their support for the convening of parliament on Friday?
What is Myanmar also known as?
Who did commentaries in the military-controlled press urge to go back to Britain before the government takes legal action and deports her on Friday?
What do the arrests have groups Amnesty International and Human Rights Watch Asia?
Who were barbaric arrogance against the people of Burma?
Where did commentaries in the military-controlled press urge Suu Kyi to go back before the government takes legal action and deports her on Friday?
Who is Suu Kyi?
What issued a statement condemning the threat to deport Suu Kyi and the arrest of her party members?
What are a daily occurrence in Yangon?
Who has the military arrested more than 300 of since Sunday?
How many nearly elected lawmakers are among those who have been arrested?
What did the Wa National Organization, the Palaung State Liberation Front and the Lahu Democratic Front say?''
What have also condemned the arrests?
What did a commentary in the state-run New Light of Myanmar sign?
What did military-run newspapers on Friday renew?
What is running at more than 60 percent?
What did commentaries in the military-controlled press urge Suu Kyi to go back to before the government takes legal action and deports her on Friday?
When did commentaries in the military-controlled press urge Suu Kyi to go back to Britain before the government takes legal action and deports her?
Who has turned resource-rich Myanmar into one of the world's poorest nations?
When did the All Burma Students Democratic Front say?
What is also known as Burma?
Who is scheduled to visit Myanmar from Sept. 15-18?
When did the current military government come to power after brutally crushing a nationwide democracy movement?
What killed many people in 1988?
What did Democratic Front ask Chuan in a letter on Friday to urge the army chief to reschedule?
What did Aung Naing Oo say for?
What has been ruled by the military in various guises since 1962?
How many members of opposition parties did Aung Naing Oo say recently many people have arrested?
What did Aung Naing Oo say would use the visit for propaganda?
When will be Army Commander in Chief Gen. Chetta Thanajaro's final trip to Thailand's western neighbor as he is scheduled to retire this year?
When will a trip to Myanmar coincide?
What did Aung Naing Oo say Chetta's trip would create for the Thai government?
What did Aung Naing Oo say?
What did he say Chetta's trip would create a negative image for?
Who did Democratic Front ask in a letter on Friday to urge the army chief to reschedule his trip?
When has Myanmar been ruled by the military in various guises?
What is Thailand?
Who will Friday be Army Commander in Chief Gen. Chetta Thanajaro's final trip to as he is scheduled to retire this year?
What will it be to Thailand's western neighbor as he is scheduled to retire this year?
When will it coincide?
What did he say would create a negative image for the Thai government?
Whose trip did he say would create a negative image for the Thai government?
What did Aung Naing Oo say the Myanmar military would use?
What did Aung Naing Oo say Chetta's trip would create a negative image for?
What did he say the Myanmar military would use?
What did the military government in Burma kill in 1988?
Who said Chetta's trip would create a negative image for the Thai government?
What asked Chuan in a letter on Friday to urge the army chief to reschedule his trip?
Who said recently they have arrested nearly a thousand members of opposition parties?
What is Myanmar also known as?
What did Aung Naing Oo say recently have arrested nearly a thousand members of opposition parties?
What will Friday be to Thailand's western neighbor as he is scheduled to retire this year?
Who did Aung Naing Oo say recently they have arrested?
What will be his final trip to Thailand's western neighbor as he is scheduled to retire this year?
How many members of opposition parties did Aung Naing Oo say recently they have arrested?
Who did Aung Naing Oo say recently many people have arrested?
Whose trip did Aung Naing Oo say for?
What did the current military government come to on Sept. 18,1988 after brutally crushing a nationwide democracy movement?
What did Aung Naing Oo say recently they have arrested nearly a thousand members of?
Whose trip did he say for?
What was Aung Naing Oo chairman of?
Who did Aung Naing Oo say recently have arrested nearly a thousand members of opposition parties?
Whose final trip will Friday be to Thailand's western neighbor as he is scheduled to retire this year?
What did Democratic Front ask Chuan in to urge the army chief to reschedule his trip?
Who said recently many people have arrested nearly a thousand members of opposition parties?
What will coincide with the anniversary of the military government's takeover?
What came to power on Sept. 18,1988 after brutally crushing a nationwide democracy movement?
What did he say would use the visit for propaganda?
Whose trip did Aung Naing Oo say would create a negative image for the Thai government?
What is a democratic country?
Who was Aung Naing Oo?
Who will it be his final trip to as he is scheduled to retire this year?
Who did Democratic Front ask Chuan in a letter on Friday to urge to reschedule his trip?
When did the military government in Burma kill many people?
What did Aung Naing Oo say would create a negative image for the Thai government?
What did Aung Naing Oo say recently many people have arrested nearly a thousand members of?
Who said the Myanmar military would use the visit for propaganda?
Who is scheduled to retire this year?
What was Thailand _ Exiled?
What did he say Chetta's trip would create for the Thai government?
What did he say for?
Who was BANGKOK?
Who was chairman of the ABSDF?
What did he say?
What renewed threats to deport the Nobel laureate?
What also said that nine members of the NLD's organizing committee in the capital had been released on Wednesday after being briefly detained?
What said more than 900 democracy activists have been arrested since May?
What signed ``Supreme Court Justice'' said that Suu Kyi is a British citizen and so the government should deport her?
What did the British embassy in Yangon meanwhile deny allegations in Myanmar's state-run press?
Who did the party say Friday YANGON, Myanmar _ Myanmar's military government has detained another 187 members of pro-democracy leader?
What has the NLD said that representatives of the Chin, Rakhine and Mon ethnic groups were among?
What said Friday YANGON, Myanmar _ Myanmar's military government has detained another 187 members of pro-democracy leader Aung San Suu Kyi's party?
What have more than half the arrests taken since Sunday?
When did the NLD statement also say that nine members of the NLD's organizing committee in the capital had been released after being briefly detained?
What did groups representing three of Myanmar's ethnic groups condemn?
When did it release four photographs purporting to show ``Invited guests enjoying watching TV'' and other activities?
What did groups representing three of Myanmar's ethnic groups voice?
What has said that representatives of the Chin, Rakhine and Mon ethnic groups were among those arrested in the latest crackdown?
Who did the All Burma Students Democratic Front say have been arrested since May?
If the figure is accurate, what would be the largest number of arrests of opposition members since the nationwide democracy uprising in 1988?
What meanwhile denied allegations in Myanmar's state-run press that NLD leader Aung San Suu Kyi is a British citizen?
What did the Wa National Organization, the Palaung State Liberation Front and the Lahu Democratic Front say were an ``insulting act of shameless?''
What does the government avoid saying has detained any NLD members?
What never allowed parliament to meet after the NLD won a landslide victory in elections held in 1990?
What did the party say Friday has detained another 187 members of pro-democracy leader Aung San Suu Kyi's party?
Who did the NLD say are among the arrested party members?
Who does the government avoid saying it has detained?
What photographed looked stiff and unsmiling?
When did a crackdown begin?
Who did the NLD say among?
What won a landslide victory in elections held in 1990?
Who did the British embassy in Yangon meanwhile deny allegations in Myanmar's state-run press that NLD leader Aung San Suu Kyi is?
How many photographs purporting to show ``Invited guests enjoying watching TV'' and other activities did it release on Thursday night?
What did the military rulers never allow to meet after the NLD won a landslide victory in elections held in 1990?
What has Myanmar been ruled by since 1962?
If the figure is accurate, what would it be?
When have more than half the arrests taken place?
What voiced their support for the convening of parliament?
When has Myanmar been ruled by the military?
What claims instead the military rulers were ``invited'' to government guest houses for an exchange of views on convening parliament?
What brought the total to 702 arrested since a crackdown began in May?
When did the All Burma Students Democratic Front say more than 900 democracy activists have been arrested?
What is also known as Burma?
When did YANGON, Myanmar _ Myanmar's military government release four photographs purporting to show ``Invited guests enjoying watching TV'' and other activities?
What did YANGON, Myanmar _ Myanmar's military government release on Thursday night?
If the figure is accurate, what would it be the largest number of?
What began in May?
What did the NLD win?
Who did the party say Friday YANGON, Myanmar _ Myanmar's military government has detained another 187 members of Aung San Suu Kyi's party?
How many democracy activists did the All Burma Students Democratic Front say have been arrested since May?
What voiced arrests of opposition members since the nationwide democracy uprising in 1988's support for the convening of parliament?
What makes dual citizenship in Myanmar illegal?
What released four photographs purporting to show ``Invited guests enjoying watching TV'' and other activities on Thursday night?
Whose party did the party say Friday YANGON, Myanmar _ Myanmar's military government has detained another 187 members of pro-democracy leader?
What has the NLD said among?
What has been ruled by the military since 1962?
Who did the party say Friday YANGON, Myanmar _ Myanmar's military government has detained Aung San Suu Kyi's party?
How many members of parliament did the NLD say are among the arrested party members?
What were shameless?
What did the Wa National Organization, the Palaung State Liberation Front and the Lahu Democratic Front say the arrests were?''
What does a 1982 law make illegal?
What is Myanmar also known as?
Who did the NLD say 194 members of parliament are among?
What condemned the arrests?
Who were barbaric arrogance against the people of Burma?
What did it release on Thursday night?
What avoids saying it has detained any NLD members?
What does the government avoid saying?
What said the arrests were an ``insulting act of shameless?''
Who did the Wa National Organization, the Palaung State Liberation Front and the Lahu Democratic Front say the arrests were an ``insulting act of?''
When did the NLD statement also say?
When did the party say YANGON, Myanmar _ Myanmar's military government has detained another 187 members of pro-democracy leader Aung San Suu Kyi's party?
What did YANGON, Myanmar _ Myanmar's military government bring the total to?
What did the British embassy in Yangon meanwhile deny that NLD leader Aung San Suu Kyi is a British citizen?
What did the Wa National Organization, the Palaung State Liberation Front and the Lahu Democratic Front say?''
How many members of pro-democracy leader did the party say Friday YANGON, Myanmar _ Myanmar's military government has detained Aung San Suu Kyi's party?
What did a commentary in the state-run New Light of Myanmar sign?
What did military-run newspapers on Friday renew?
What have taken place since Sunday?
What said 194 members of parliament are among the arrested party members?
How many photographs purporting to show ``Invited guests enjoying watching TV'' and other activities did YANGON, Myanmar _ Myanmar's military government release on Thursday night?
What claims instead they were ``invited'' to government guest houses for an exchange of views on convening parliament?
What did YANGON, Myanmar _ Myanmar's military government bring to 702 arrested since a crackdown began in May?
When did the All Burma Students Democratic Front say?
Who did NLD Vice Chairman Tin Oo appeal to according to the commentary in the New Light of Myanmar?
What said earlier this week that the military has arrested 702 of its members since May?
Whose father did Tin Oo fight alongside during the campaign to end British colonial rule in the 1940s?
What did an undertaking say NLD Vice Chairman Tin Oo signed an undertaking saying he would not violate?
What did the NLD win 82 percent of in parliament in a 1990 election the military refused to honor?
What claimed that 15 military officers had been arrested by the ruling junta for planning to meet and talk with Suu Kyi?
When did the military extend Tin Oo's sentence by another seven years?
What did Tin Oo fight alongside Suu Kyi's father during?
What did the NLD win in parliament in a 1990 election the military refused to honor?
What did the NLD win 82 percent of the seats in parliament in a 1990 election?
Who retains a reputation as having been a heroic commander who was well-liked by his troops?
What did the government seek to prevent from convening parliament?
Who did it say signed an undertaking saying he would not violate the law?
What did the military extend by another seven years in 1992?
What did the NLD win 82 percent of the seats in parliament in a 1990 election refused to honor?
When did Ne Win have him imprisoned?
When did Tin Oo run afoul of former dictator Ne Win when he refused to order his troops to open fire on unarmed student demonstrators?
Who did the NLD say earlier this week that the military has arrested 702 of since May?
Who did the NLD say earlier this week that the military has arrested since May?
Who had him imprisoned in 1976?
Who fought alongside Suu Kyi's father during the campaign to end British colonial rule in the 1940s?
What was the report from the All Burma Students Democratic Front could not be independently confirmed and the military government spokesman not available for?
Who is the former defense minister?
Who accused him of plotting a coup?
What did an undertaking say NLD Vice Chairman Tin Oo signed saying he would not violate the law?
What was threatened with arrest in a commentary in a government-run newspaper Sunday?
Whose political party was threatened with arrest in a commentary in a government-run newspaper Sunday?
Who appealed to Gen. Than Shwe according to the commentary in the New Light of Myanmar?
Who was released on March 15,1995 after he appealed to Gen. Than Shwe according to the commentary in the New Light of Myanmar?
Who was among the first group of officers commissioned in the Burma army?
What does he retain?
What does he inspire from officers in the military government for opposing military rule?
Who was the junta leader?
Who was independence hero Aung San?
What extended Tin Oo's sentence by another seven years in 1992?
Who was Suu Kyi's father?
Who has been imprisoned twice by Myanmar's military leaders?
When did the NLD say that the military has arrested 702 of its members since May?
Who ran afoul of former dictator Ne Win when he refused to order his troops to open fire on unarmed student demonstrators in 1974?
What did it say he signed an undertaking saying he would not violate?
Who accused NLD Vice Chairman Tin Oo of plotting a coup?
What does former dictator Ne Win retain?
When was NLD Vice Chairman Tin Oo released after he appealed to Gen. Than Shwe according to the commentary in the New Light of Myanmar?
What is also known as Burma?
When did Ne Win have NLD Vice Chairman Tin Oo imprisoned?
What did it say he signed an undertaking saying?
When did the NLD say earlier this week that the military has arrested 702 of its members?
Who does he inspire a deep animosity from for opposing military rule?
What was YANGON, Myanmar _ Kyi's political party threatened with in a commentary in a government-run newspaper Sunday?
What sought to prevent the NLD from convening parliament?
Whose sentence did the military extend by another seven years in 1992?
What did Tin Oo run in 1974?
When was former dictator Ne Win amnestied?
Who did it say he signed an undertaking saying would not violate the law?
Who did Ne Win have imprisoned in 1976?
When was he released after he appealed to Gen. Than Shwe according to the commentary in the New Light of Myanmar?
What did a student exiles group claim by?
Who inspires a deep animosity from officers in the military government for opposing military rule?
When was YANGON, Myanmar _ Kyi's political party threatened with arrest in a commentary in a government-run newspaper?
Who is army commander in chief, Buddhist monk and lawyer?
Who did the commentary also accuse of trying to sow discord in the army?
Who had NLD Vice Chairman Tin Oo imprisoned in 1976?
Who was amnestied in 1980?
What is Myanmar also known as?
What did an undertaking say NLD Vice Chairman Tin Oo signed an undertaking saying?
What was not available for comment?
What also accused Tin Oo of trying to sow discord in the army?
Who is 71?
Who did Ne Win accuse of plotting a coup?
What did the NLD win 82 percent of the seats in in a 1990 election the military refused to honor?
What said he signed an undertaking saying he would not violate the law?
What was Tin Oo among?
When did the military extend Tin Oo's sentence in 1992?
What did Tin Oo run afoul of when he refused to order his troops to open fire on unarmed student demonstrators in 1974?
What took place this week as the government sought to prevent the NLD from convening parliament?
What is NLD Vice Chairman Tin Oo?
What did it say he signed saying he would not violate the law?
What said NLD Vice Chairman Tin Oo signed an undertaking saying he would not violate the law?
Who did an undertaking say signed an undertaking saying he would not violate the law?
When was he amnestied?
Who did an undertaking say NLD Vice Chairman Tin Oo signed an undertaking saying would not violate the law?
What did a student exiles group claim that 15 military officers had been arrested by for planning to meet and talk with Suu Kyi?
What does former dictator Ne Win inspire from officers in the military government for opposing military rule?
What won 82 percent of the seats in parliament in a 1990 election the military refused to honor?
Who is NLD Vice Chairman Tin Oo?
What was YANGON, Myanmar _ Kyi's political party threatened with arrest in Sunday?
Who does former dictator Ne Win inspire a deep animosity from for opposing military rule?
Who did he appeal to according to the commentary in the New Light of Myanmar?
Who is a former defense minister?
Who was Shwe?
What was suspended, ``On humanitarian grounds and due to Tin Oo's previous service in the army''?
What did the NLD win 82 percent of the seats in parliament in the military refused to honor?
Who did Tin Oo fight alongside during the campaign to end British colonial rule in the 1940s?
Who has NLD Vice Chairman Tin Oo been imprisoned twice by?
When did the NLD say earlier this week?
Whose father was independence hero Aung San?
Who said, ``We are calling on the military dictators to release all political prisoners''?
What is also known as Burma?
Who said people in Burma have been suffering for 10 years?
When is today?
Who was Angelay?
When did the current military government come to power after brutally crushing a nationwide democracy movement?
What has been ruled by the military in various guises since 1962?
What is today the tenth anniversary of?
Who was a resident of Quebec?
Who were members of parliament?
Who 'mes not aware of any law that prohibits me from taking part in the demonstration?
Who said, ``dissidents are calling on the military dictators to release all political prisoners''?
What did about 60 exile in On the tenth anniversary of the military takeover in Myanmar?
When has Myanmar been ruled by the military in various guises?
When is the tenth anniversary of the military takeover?
Who were recently arrested?
Who were students?
What is Myanmar also known as?
What was Paul Beaulie a resident of?
What did the current military government come to on Sept. 18,1988 after brutally crushing a nationwide democracy movement?
Who were joined by ten Thai university students and one Canadian activist?
Who were the protesters joined by?
Who was Paul Beaulie?
What came to power on Sept. 18,1988 after brutally crushing a nationwide democracy movement?
When did Angelay say people in Burma have been suffering?
Who was the spokesman for the All Burma Students Democratic Front?
What do I 'm not aware of?
What did Angelay say have been suffering for 10 years?
What did the protesters wave placards that read ``We want restoration of democracy in?''
What did the protesters wave in Burma?''
How many Burmese men are women and children demonstrated in the capital on Friday against military rule in their country?
Who are nearly 50 Burmese men?
Who do DHAKA, Bangladesh _?
How many Burmese men do DHAKA, Bangladesh _?
Who have fled to neighboring Bangladesh over the years?
Who waved placards that read ``We want restoration of democracy in Burma?''
Who are women and children demonstrated in the capital on Friday against military rule in their country?
Who was Ani Maung?
What are the refugees looked after by the United Nations in?
Who was a protest leader?
When was the demonstration staged to mark by military generals in Maynmar?
What was Maynmar?
Where did the protesters wave placards that read ``We want restoration of democracy?''
When have the protesters fled to neighboring Bangladesh?
Who was the demonstration by?
What are the refugees looked after by in Dhaka?
Who was Burma?
Who are looked after by the United Nations in Dhaka?
Where have the protesters fled over the years?
Where are the refugees looked after by the United Nations?
What was the demonstration staged to mark the 10th anniversary of by military generals in Maynmar?
Who was the demonstration staged to mark the 10th anniversary of the seizure of power by?
What have the protesters fled to over the years?
What was staged to mark the 10th anniversary of the seizure of power by military generals in Maynmar?
Who said, ``We want the military to hand over power to our National League for Democracy which won the elections in 1990''?
What _ Nearly 50 Burmese men?
What do GENEVA _ in?
When is the legislation passed by the U. S. state of Massachusetts?
Who said the law imposes conditions for suppliers ' participation in tendering procedures that violate WTO rules in a statement to a meeting in Geneva?
What does this dispute go to?
What did japanese representatives cite several aspects of it considers to be inconsistent with WTO regulations in a separate but similar request for a panel to be established?
What have an estimated 30 local governments across the United States passed?
What does the legislation forbid from contracting with companies or individuals doing business with the military government of Burma?
How many estimated local governments across the United States have passed similar laws?
What did japanese representatives cite several aspects of the legislation considers to be inconsistent with WTO regulations in a separate but similar request for a panel to be established?
What is Europe and Japan?
What was set up by the WTO Wednesday at the request of the Europeans and Japanese of potential trade benefits?
What do GENEVA _ is to rule in a dispute between the United States over U. S. legislation that bans trade with the military government of Burma?
What did japanese representatives cite several aspects of the legislation it considers to be inconsistent with in a separate but similar request for a panel to be established?
What did the United States say in a statement it is disappointed with the decision by?
What have passed similar laws?
What is designed to show opposition to Burma's military regime which has been accused of drug trafficking and widespread human rights violations?
What is also known as Myanmar?
What did european Union representatives say in a statement to a meeting in Geneva?
What is the legislation passed in 1996 by?
What did japanese representatives cite several aspects of the legislation with in a separate but similar request for a panel to be established?
What forbids state agencies from contracting with companies or individuals doing business with the military government of Burma?
What is the United States?
What _ A World Trade Organization panel is to rule in a dispute between the United States over U. S. legislation that bans trade with the military government of Burma?
What was a dispute settlement panel set up by the WTO Wednesday at?
What is passed in 1996 by the U. S. state of Massachusetts?
When was a dispute settlement panel set up by the WTO at the request of the Europeans and Japanese of potential trade benefits?
What did european Union representatives say the law imposes conditions for suppliers ' participation in tendering procedures that violate WTO rules in?
What did the United States say in a statement with?
What did the United States say in a statement it is disappointed with by the European Union and Japan?
What did european Union representatives say imposes conditions for suppliers ' participation in tendering procedures that violate WTO rules in a statement to a meeting in Geneva?
Who claim the law deprives them?
What did european Union representatives say the law imposes in a statement to a meeting in Geneva?
What did the United States say in a statement is disappointed with the decision by the European Union and Japan?
What is Burma also known as?
Who cited several aspects of the legislation it considers to be inconsistent with WTO regulations in a separate but similar request for a panel to be established?
What do the Europeans and Japanese claim the law deprives?
What did the United States say in it is disappointed with the decision by the European Union and Japan?
What was a dispute settlement panel set up by Wednesday at the request of the Europeans and Japanese of potential trade benefits?
What do the Europeans and Japanese claim?
What goes to a panel?
What do the Europeans and Japanese claim deprives them?
What said in a statement it is disappointed with the decision by the European Union and Japan?
What did japanese representatives cite it considers to be inconsistent with WTO regulations in a separate but similar request for a panel to be established?
What is designed to encourage it to negotiate a peaceful transition to representative governments?
What did japanese representatives cite several aspects of the legislation it considers to be inconsistent with WTO regulations in?
Who do the Europeans and Japanese claim the law deprives?
What did Foreign Office minister Derek Fatchett call for?
What are putting restrictions on visas?
When did the Foreign Office announce that the military regime in Rangoon said no minister or officials will receive a visa to enter the country?
What are sanctions on the Myanmar regime putting?
What announced Tuesday that the military regime in Rangoon said no minister or officials will receive a visa to enter the country?
What has the country been under since 1962?
What has LONDON _ Myanmar barred British ministers and officials from following British pressure on the military regime to hold talks with opposition leader Aung San Suu Kyi?
Who has LONDON _ Myanmar barred from the country following British pressure on the military regime to hold talks with opposition leader Aung San Suu Kyi?
What did a Foreign Office spokesman say anonymously ``The visa ban is''?
What has already placed sanctions on the Myanmar regime including an arms embargo?
What did the military never allow to meet?
What did the Foreign Office announce Tuesday that the military regime in Rangoon said no minister or officials will receive?
What won the elections?
Who is winner of the 1991 Nobel Peace Prize?
What has barred British ministers and officials from the country following British pressure on the military regime to hold talks with opposition leader Aung San Suu Kyi?
Who did the Foreign Office announce Tuesday that the military regime in Rangoon said will receive a visa to enter the country?
Who is Suu Kyi winner of?
What has the EU already placed?
Who called for a European Union mission?
What does Britain also discourage from putting new investment into Myanmar?
What are suspending non-humanitarian aid?
What has Suu Kyi been locked in?
When did Fatchett say, ``I regret this move by the Burmese regime''?
What has been under military rule since 1962?
Who is Suu Kyi?
What did the Foreign Office announce Tuesday that the military regime in Rangoon said?
What never allowed Parliament to meet?
What was also known as Burma?
What also discourages companies from putting new investment into Myanmar?
Who has been locked in a battle of wills with the ruling council of generals over demands that a parliament elected in 1990 be convened?
What has LONDON _ Myanmar barred British ministers and officials from the country following?
When has the country been under military rule?
What did the Foreign Office announce Tuesday?
What was the country also known as?
Who said Tuesday, ``I regret this move by the Burmese regime''?
What did a Foreign Office spokesman say anonymously ?
What did her National League for Democracy win?
What are sanctions on the Myanmar regime suspending?
What do Myanmar officials feel with?
Who were listed as attending?
What do Myanmar officials feel they have made with almost no outside aid?
What was the four-day conference organized by?
Who said Tuesday in Washington ``The United States believes that the Burmese regime could use the conference to create the false impression of international approval''?
What did U. S. State Department spokesman James Foley say Tuesday in Washington ?
What was Myanmar-- The United States and European countries?
What did participants at the 4th International Heroin Conference say ran counter to the spirit of international cooperation against drug trafficking?
What was Interpol?
Who did participants at the 4th International Heroin Conference say the boycott by the world's biggest heroin consuming nations ran counter to?
What feel they have made great achievements in the fight against drugs with almost no outside aid?
Who said the boycott by the world's biggest heroin consuming nations ran counter to the spirit of international cooperation against drug trafficking?
When were YANGON rebuked for passing up an international heroin conference because it was in Myanmar?
What are Myanmar officials especially sensitive to because they feel they have made great achievements in the fight against drugs with almost no outside aid?
What was the Lyon?
What do they feel have made great achievements in the fight against drugs with almost no outside aid?
What was cut off a decade ago following the bloody suppression of protests against military rule?
What was most foreign aid to the country cut off a decade ago following the bloody suppression of?
What were rebuked Tuesday for passing up an international heroin conference because it was in Myanmar?
What does Burma persist in disregard for political and human rights?
What was Myanmar also known as?
What do Myanmar officials feel they have made great achievements in the fight against drugs with?
What persists in its disregard for political and human rights?
Who was Myanmar?
What does Burma persist in its disregard for?
Who are especially sensitive to criticism on the drug issue because they feel they have made great achievements in the fight against drugs with almost no outside aid?
What persists in course disregard for political and human rights?
What was YANGON?
What was most foreign aid to the country cut off a decade ago following?
What does Burma persist in course disregard for?
What are far from what is necessary?
Who do Myanmar officials feel have made great achievements in the fight against drugs with almost no outside aid?
Who do they feel have made great achievements in the fight against drugs with almost no outside aid?
What do they feel with?
What is Burma of?
What do Myanmar officials feel have made great achievements in the fight against drugs with almost no outside aid?
What include France, Denmark, the Netherlands and Norway?
What was also known as Burma?
Who feel they have made great achievements in the fight against drugs with almost no outside aid?
What are Myanmar officials especially sensitive to criticism on the drug issue because they feel with?
What do they feel they have made great achievements in the fight against drugs with?
What do Washington and other critics say on?
Who was Myanmar one of?
What did the New York-based Human Rights Watch liken holding to ``holding a convention on weapons of mass destruction in Baghdad?''
What did U. S. State Department spokesman James Foley say Tuesday in Washington ``The United States believes''?
What was one of the world's biggest producers of the drug?
What is of course?
What was organized by Interpol?
Who likened holding the meeting in Yangon to ``holding a convention on weapons of mass destruction in Baghdad?''
Who did participants at the 4th International Heroin Conference say to?
What do they feel they have made with almost no outside aid?
What was France-based agency that bolsters links among national police forces?
What do other countries boycotting the conference include?
What did U. S. State Department spokesman James Foley say Tuesday in Washington ``The United States believes that the Burmese regime could use the conference to create''?
Who are roads?
What said in a report Monday?
What are dikes?
What does the report say is used to construct roads to support tourism, military operations and commercial ventures of the military?
What did Labor Secretary Alexis Herman say in a statement accompanying the report the latest report on labor practices in Burma reinforces?
What does the report say?
What reached similar conclusions?
What is the report based on in Rangoon?
What is the report based on findings of the U. S. Embassy in?
Who are canals and projects?
Where is the report based on findings of the U. S. Embassy?
What says forced labor is used to construct roads to support tourism, military operations and commercial ventures of the military?
When did the U. S. Labor Department say in a report?
What is based on findings of the U. S. Embassy in Rangoon?
What did the U. S. Labor Department say in Monday?
What did Myanmar reach?
What was awarded the Freedom of the City honor Saturday night in recognition of her activism in her Southeast Asian country?
Who said Aung San Suu Kyi was chosen for this award because of her long courageous stand in support of democracy in Burma?
What did she not attend?
What do we regard as a very big deal for us?
What are we very humbled by?
What was DUBLIN awarded the Freedom of the City honor Saturday night in?
What were the members of Irish pop band U2 also given?
What remain heavily restricted?
Who will leave the roll of honor unsigned like we did for (South African President) Nelson Mandela?
What was Ireland-- Myanmar's pro-democracy leader Aung San Suu Kyi?
What did Suu Kyi win the Nobel Peace Prize in 1991 for?
What refused to recognize the vote as legitimate?
What will we leave the roll of?
What did Dublin's Lord Mayor Mary Freehill say Aung San Suu Kyi was chosen for this award because of?
What was Myanmar also known as?
Who include U. S. presidents John F. Kennedy and Bill Clinton, Pope John Paul II and Mother Teresa?
Who was under house arrest for six years before being released in 1995?
What was DUBLIN?
What overturned her party's resounding victory in general elections the previous year?
Who did not attend the Dublin ceremony?
Who won the Nobel Peace Prize in 1991 for her peaceful struggle for democracy against the military regime in Myanmar?
Who did Dublin's Lord Mayor Mary Freehill say was chosen for this award because of her long courageous stand in support of democracy in Burma?
What was also known as Burma?
Who were also given the award?
What did Suu Kyi win in 1991 for her peaceful struggle for democracy against the military regime in Myanmar?
What will we leave?
What did Dublin's Lord Mayor Mary Freehill say Aung San Suu Kyi was chosen for because of her long courageous stand in support of democracy in Burma?
Who are very humbled by it?
What is now?
Who do we regard this as?
What have since been jailed?
What was Suu Kyi herself under before being released in 1995?
What did the military regime refuse to recognize as legitimate?
Who said?
Who regard this as a very big deal for us?
When did Suu Kyi win the Nobel Peace Prize for her peaceful struggle for democracy against the military regime in Myanmar?
Where does the use of rape as a weapon in ethnic conflict's been documented?
Who watched from hiding places?
Who were humiliated every day?
What did his sources retrieve it from Burman soldiers and outposts at?
Who did Rape exile?
What is a legal rights group based in Washington and Thailand?
Who was raped by troops on March 5 in the village of Wan Pek?
When she was buried, uncovered by villagers three days later?
What is U Bo Hla Tint a minister of?
Where does U Bo Hla Tint say?
Whose Union alleges that ``women have been raped in an organized and systematic way'' by the army?
What is systematically being used by Burma's military as part of a policy of ethnic cleansing workers?
Who is Aye Nang?
What does Ka Hsaw Wa say?
What says women most likely to be raped are refugees?
What is impossible to gather precise statistics about the incidence of rape as a tool of the Burmese military?
What does EarthRights International accuse Burma's military of ``the savage domination'' of women outside?
Who is the producer of ``Flashpoints'' on KPFA radio in the San Francisco Bay Area?
When did the court rule that Unocal and Total could be held liable for rapes committed by their military partner?
What is Rwanda?
Who are activists urging the UN Special Rapporteur on Violence against to investigate the claims of systematic rape?
What reported that a 30-year-old mother was raped by three soldiers who accused Ka Hsaw Wa of giving rice to the insurgents in April?
What was dropped as a defendent because the court said it had no jurisdiction over a foreign government?
What says ``the easiest way to implement these ideas is to occupy women who are not Burman''?
Who does Ka Hsaw Wa say encountered the ``Burmanization'' document in the Shan and Karenni areas?
Who was then stabbed four times in the chest?
Who is U Bo Hla Tint?
What did the court say it had?
What did they pour boiling over her after the assault?
Who is &QL; Dennis Bernstein?
When did Amnesty International report that a 30-year-old mother was raped by three soldiers who accused Ka Hsaw Wa of giving rice to the insurgents?
What does Ka Hsaw Wa say a veteran encountered?
What is hardly possible for rape to occur in Myanmar on a policy basis?
Who did his sources retrieve it from at the Shan and Karenni areas?
What was she then stabbed four times in?
Who is Jennifer Green?
Who says he was present in Burma when officials in Karen state heard the text of the document during routine monitoring of radio communications between two Burmese military commanders?
Who are given little food, forbidden contact with their families?
Who is a minister of the government in exile?
What retrieved it from Burman soldiers and outposts at the Shan and Karenni areas?
What have such occurrences in Burma on a vast scale received?
What have been subjecting ``increasing numbers of women, including young girls and the elderly'' to rape and other abuses?
What reported this year that Burmese troops ``continued to impress women for military porterage duties''?
What retrieved Ka Hsaw Wa from Burman soldiers and outposts at the Shan and Karenni areas?
What continues to mount?
Who is deputy chief of mission at the Burmese embassy in Washington?
When was Aye Nang raped by troops in the village of Wan Pek?
Who says a veteran encountered the ``Burmanization'' document in the Shan and Karenni areas?
What appears to lend credence to the claims that rape is a conscious tool of war in Burma?
What is Jennifer Green convinced that the Burmese military is guilty of?
What does Burmese opposition leader Sein Win believe?
How many times was Ka Hsaw Wa then stabbed in the chest?
What is the tribunal set up for?
What does U Bo Hla Tint say in?
What was Ka Hsaw Wa then stabbed four times in?
Who are refugees?
What are children considered to bear the ethnicity of the father only in?
What does EarthRights International accuse Burma's military of outside the scope of acceptable wartime conduct?
What are children considered to bear only in Burma?
Who is Leslie Kean?
Who was Nang Ing?
When Ka Hsaw Wa was buried, uncovered by villagers three days later?
Who did Amnesty International report that a 30-year-old mother was raped by in April?
Who is another young mother of three?
Who is staff lawyer with the New York-based Center for Constitutional Rights?
What does the use of rape as a weapon in ethnic conflict's been documented in?
What is EarthRights International?
Who is associate editor at Pacific News Service?
Who was raped over five days by military personnel in another village?
What did his sources retrieve from Burman soldiers and outposts at the Shan and Karenni areas?
What reported that a 30-year-old mother was raped by three soldiers who accused her of giving rice to the insurgents in April?
Where did a veteran's sources retrieve Ka Hsaw Wa from Burman soldiers and outposts?
Who did Amnesty International report by in April?
What are they given?
What is Thaung Tun deputy chief of at the Burmese embassy in Washington?
What are activists urging the UN Special Rapporteur on Violence against Women to investigate?
What do many ethnic leaders and pro-democracy activists claim to?
What did they pour boiling water over her after?
Who are then set loose among the ethnic minorities they have been indoctrinated to believe are ``the people's enemy'' and ``internal destructionists?''
What have been abducting ``increasing numbers of women''?
What was Ka Hsaw Wa then stabbed in the chest?
What was a woman named Naing Mai raped over five days by in another village?
What did local farmers watch from?
What does Thaung Tun deny there is?
Where did his sources retrieve it from Burman soldiers and outposts?
What are many of Burma's soldiers teenagers by?
What did geographical, military, and cultural barriers pour boiling water over after the assault?
Who is coauthor of ``Burma's Revolution of the Spirit'' and director of the Burma Project USA in San Rafael?
Who are urging the UN Special Rapporteur on Violence against Women to investigate the claims of systematic rape?
What did the court say had no jurisdiction over a foreign government?
What alleges that ``women have been raped in an organized and systematic way'' by the army?
What does Thaung Tun deny?
What did geographical, military, and cultural barriers pour boiling water over Ka Hsaw Wa after?
What is not uncommon?
What did a veteran's sources retrieve from Burman soldiers and outposts at the Shan and Karenni areas?
What did the US State Department report this year for?
What did the court say?
Who are considered to bear the ethnicity of the father only in Burma?
What are given little food, forced to beat each other for punishment?
Who are internally displaced women, and women belonging to ethnic minorities or the political opposition?
Who was the 30-year-old mother?
When was a woman named Naing Mai raped by military personnel in another village?
What was Aye Nang raped by on March 5 in the village of Wan Pek?
Where are children considered to bear the ethnicity of the father only?
What are given little food, forbidden contact with their families?
What does EarthRights International accuse outside the scope of acceptable wartime conduct?
What was the junta dropped as because the court said it had no jurisdiction over a foreign government?
Who is Thaung Tun?
What is a veteran Karen human rights investigator who organizes fact-finding missions for Human Rights Watch?
Who are activists urging against Women to investigate the claims of systematic rape?
Who poured boiling water over her after the assault?
When did the US State Department report that Burmese troops ``continued to impress women for military porterage duties''?
What was she then stabbed in the chest?
What was then stabbed four times in the chest?
What was Aye Nang raped by troops on March 5 in?
Who is Calif.?
What was Ka Hsaw Wa then burned to?
What have received little attention?
Who was buried in a shallow grave, uncovered by villagers three days later?
What is Leslie Kean coauthor of?
Who died three days later?
Where does it's been documented?
What also says that ``the violent sexual abuse of ethnic Burmese women at the hands of the military occurs in epidemic proportions?''
Who Ka Hsaw Wa was buried in a shallow grave, uncovered by three days later?
Who was then burned to death?
What is &QL; Dennis Bernstein the producer of in the San Francisco Bay Area?
Who are many of Burma's soldiers by the army?
What's been documented in Bosnia most recently, Indonesia?
What are the young recruits then set loose among?''
What was she then burned to?
What does it's been documented in?
What ruled last year that Unocal and Total could be held liable for rapes committed by their military partner?
Who are given little food, forced to beat each other for punishment?
What does the UN Commission on Human Rights say?
What does one widely circulated document appear to lend credence to?
Who is convinced that the Burmese military is guilty of crimes against humanity as defined by the UN war-crimes tribunal in The Hague?
What said it had no jurisdiction over a foreign government?
What do many ethnic leaders and pro-democracy activists claim that the violence against women is directly related to?
What have been subjecting them to rape and other abuses?
Who does the UN Commission on Human Rights say women most likely to be raped are?
Who are children considered to bear the ethnicity of only in Burma?
When were the young recruits humiliated?
What was the junta dropped as a defendent because the court said?
What died three days later?
What would be punished?
Who she was buried in a shallow grave, uncovered by three days later?
What is evidence increasing that the Burmese army is using against minority populations: rape?
Who claim that the violence against women is directly related to the military's goal of wiping out all ethnic resistance?
What do rapes by the military typically occur during during encounters with victims of forced relocations in the jungle; and in coerced marriages?
Who does the UN Commission on Human Rights say are refugees?
Who were abused physically?
What is increasing that the Burmese army is using another tool of war against minority populations: rape?
What is it hardly possible for?
Who did they pour boiling water over after the assault?
What is evidence increasing that the Burmese army is using another tool of war against?
What accuses Burma's military of ``the savage domination'' of women outside the scope of acceptable wartime conduct?
What has declared rape a war crime?
What is set up for the former Yugoslavia and Rwanda?
What does Ka Hsaw Wa say he encountered?
What is San Rafael?
What is Bosnia?
What did the court rule last year for?
What poured boiling water over her after the assault?
What does one widely circulated document appear to lend to the claims that rape is a conscious tool of war in Burma?
Who is impossible to gather precise statistics about the incidence of rape as a tool of the Burmese military?
Who are teenagers by the army?
Who is Ka Hsaw Wa?
What is evidence increasing that the Burmese army is using another tool of against minority populations: rape?
Who believes the document originated in the defense ministry's department of psychological warfare?
What was then burned to death?
What did the court rule last year that Unocal and Total could be held liable for?
What is Jennifer Green convinced of?
Who did a veteran's sources retrieve Ka Hsaw Wa from at the Shan and Karenni areas?
What is evidence increasing against?
When did Amnesty International report that a 30-year-old mother was raped by three soldiers who accused her of giving rice to the insurgents?
What are activists urging the UN Special Rapporteur on Violence against Women to investigate the claims of?
What poured boiling water over Ka Hsaw Wa after the assault?
Who exiled pro-democracy officials?
How many times was she then stabbed in the chest?
Who says, ``Regardless of the source or intent of this document, it accurately represents an ethnic cleansing policy of the Burmese military''?
What are many of Burma's soldiers given?
What are teenagers?
Who says he encountered the ``Burmanization'' document in the Shan and Karenni areas?
Who is Rape systematically being used by?
What was a woman named Naing Mai raped over five days by military personnel in?
Who are abducted?
Who denies there is anything to investigate?
What is Aye Nang another young mother of?
What did a veteran's sources retrieve Ka Hsaw Wa from Burman soldiers and outposts at?
What will hear the case next year?
Where did geographical, military, and cultural barriers pour boiling water after the assault?
What did geographical, military, and cultural barriers pour boiling over Ka Hsaw Wa after the assault?
Whose sources retrieved Ka Hsaw Wa from Burman soldiers and outposts at the Shan and Karenni areas?
Who do Aung San not think can win people's confidence through intimidation and repression?
What seem to think that if they insist the problem does not exist, it will simply go away?
What answered questions?
What is that?
What was this soon after by the SLORC in which thousands of demonstrators were massacred in the streets?
Where should tourists come back at a time when it is a democratic society _ where there is justice?
What do Aung San assume one man in front with an iron bar in his hand was?
Who is the co-host of Flashpoints?
What can they travel around Burma with?
What are few university students on the campus of because we recognize that they are harmful?
Who want?
Who led a successful battle against British colonial rule in 1947?
What is the note?
Who saw it all as an observer?
What should come back to Burma at a time when it is a democratic society _ where there is justice?
Who should come back to Burma at a time when it is a democratic society _ where there is justice?
What does Q: Burma provide 60 percent of?
Who would thousands of Burmese listen to?
What would few university students on the campus like to discuss with the Burmese people?
What would we like to talk to?
What do some wielding iron bars _ smashed the windshield _ some throwing stones?
Who talks over your problems with the people because the people are involved in the whole process of government?
What is the one-kyat bill?
What has SUU KYI: Yes my mind not changed in?
Who do not think you can win people's confidence through intimidation and repression?
What does Q: Burma provide?
What have pro-democracy protesters adopted the note as?
What do Aung San Suu Kyi and her followers remain steadfastly committed to?
Who is?
What do they seem to think that if they insist, it will simply go away?
What do I think that in order to do something like that, you have to win the confidence of?
Who (laughs again? )
What do we not think about?
Who have the authorities arrested hundreds of?
Who was it clear to that the attack was a deliberate attempt to harm us badly or even kill us?
What do Aung San not think through?
What do Aung San think in some ways Suu Kyi's better to have the people of the world on than the governments of the world?
What is what we need in Burma in fact?
What was this interview conducted by in January 1997, shortly after a violent incident in which Suu Kyi was in her automobile?
What does Suu Kyi's?
What would do course to make sure that the growing of opium is eliminated in this country?
Who did I see it all as?
Who does his portrait on this bill greatly resemble?
What shows no intention of turning over power peacefully the SLORC _ buoyed by billions from Burma's booming drug trade and foreign investment?
When should they come back to Burma?
What was quite interesting?
What do Aung San not think you can win people's confidence through?
What was soon after a bloody takeover by the SLORC in which thousands of demonstrators were massacred in the streets?
What do Aung San think that in order to do something like that, you have to win?
What _ smashed the windshield a mob of thugs _ some throwing stones?
What do I not think you can win through intimidation and repression?
When answered questions?
What are involved in the whole process of government?
What is what the great majority of the people in Burma want?
Who (laughs? )
What does SUU KYI: Yes many of the ethnic peoples's?
What have arrested hundreds of her party members?
Who seem to think that if they insist the problem does not exist, it will simply go away?
What does it's good to know that the people of different countries are really concerned and involved in the movement to help?
What was _ Suu Kyi cited by the Nobel Committee as in recent decades again under house arrest?
Who do Aung San assume was the one who made the big gash in my windscreen?
Whose mind SUU KYI: Yes has not changed in any way?
What are we of because we recognize that they are harmful?
What is what we need in Burma education of all kinds _ political, economic and medical in?
What do I think in some ways it's better to have the people of the world on your side than?
Who would like to see more of this?
What did her party win _ even though was under house arrest in the 1990 elections?
What does SUU KYI: Yes it's?
What was the triumph considered?
What is not going to run away?
Who would like to discuss the problem with them?
What do I not think you can win people's confidence through?
Who 'll have a much better time?
What did the SLORC yank from circulation?
What was it clear to us that the attack was?
What is worth less than a penny?
Who thinks that in order to do something like that, you have to win the confidence of the people?
What does the SLORC _ State Law and Order Restoration Council _ which took over Burma in 1988 and changed its name to Myanmar, see Suu Kyi as?
Who was cited by the Nobel Committee as ``one of the most extraordinary examples of civil courage in Asia'' in recent decades again under house arrest?
What would do its best to make sure that the growing of opium is eliminated in this country?
Where do Aung San think in some ways Suu Kyi's better to have the people of the world than the governments of the world?
What yanked the one-kyat bill from circulation?
What do I not think through?
What sees Suu Kyi as a primary threat?
What do few university students on the campus recognize?
What do reports describe shooting galleries that service 200 addicts with?
When was _ Suu Kyi cited by the Nobel Committee as ``one of the most extraordinary examples of civil courage in Asia'' again under house arrest?
What did further repression and major bloodshed loom on?
Who think in some ways Suu Kyi's better to have the people of the world on your side than the governments of the world?
What does _ show no intention of turning over power peacefully the SLORC _ buoyed by?
What would a democratic government do to make sure that the growing of opium is eliminated in this country?
What noted?
What do Aung San not think you can win through intimidation and repression?
What was the National League for Democracy?
Whose father led a successful battle against British colonial rule in 1947?
What would thousands of Burmese sit on on the sidewalk to cheer?
If they leave her house, who face being hauled off to one of Burma's horrific prisons?
What would laugh?
What do I assume one man in front with an iron bar in his hand was?
What would listen to the lady?
What have the authorities arrested?
What does Suu Kyi's good to know that the people of different countries are really concerned and involved in the movement to help?
What seem to be able to get away with taking drugs?
What is Aung San's image featured on?
When was Aung San assassinated that same year?
When was Aung San assassinated at age 32?
What is bound to win?
Who was Suu Kyi's father?
Who was Aung San?
Who have heard that the government is very easy to obtain drugs on the campuses?
What would we like to discuss with them?
What would AIDS education be just one part of?
What do we recognize?
What do Aung San think that in, you have to win the confidence of the people?
What do few university students on the campus not think about?
Who do Aung San think in some ways's better to have the people of the world on your side than the governments of the world?
Who talk over that's problems with the people because the people are involved in the whole process of government?
What won a landslide victory _ even though was under house arrest in the 1990 elections?
What do I think in some ways it's better to have the people of on your side than the governments of the world?
What was her party?
What does it's?
What provides 60 percent of the heroin imported to the United States?
What was considered a vindication for Suu Kyi?
What writes regularly on Burma?
What do few university students on the campus seem to think?
Who does not think you can win people's confidence through intimidation and repression?
Who's good to know that the people of different countries are really concerned and involved in the movement to help Burma?
What did nothing to intervene?
What was &UR;-0- &QL; Q: The attack on you and your colleagues in your car?
What can they travel around with a clear conscience?
Who just said?
Who was able to give speeches at her front gate every Saturday?
What are the people involved in?
What do Aung San think in some ways Suu Kyi's better to have the people of on your side than the governments of the world?
Who still opposes ``Visit Myanmar Year''?
What do I think that in, you have to win the confidence of the people?
What would few university students on the campus like to discuss the problem with?
What does it's good to know in to help Burma?
What are many of the ethnic peoples financially dependent on?
Who heads the country's popular opposition movement?
Who can travel around Burma with a clear conscience?
What was _ Suu Kyi cited by the Nobel Committee as ``one of the most extraordinary examples of civil courage in Asia'' in recent decades again under?
When was Suu Kyi able to give speeches at her front gate?
What has it come to be known as?''
Who did the people submit to?
What do some wielding iron bars _ smashed the windshield a mob of thugs _ some throwing?
When was he assassinated that same year?
What do I think in?
Where did further repression and major bloodshed loom?
Who would we like to discuss the problem with?
What greatly resembles his daughter?
What describe shooting galleries that service 200 addicts with one needle?
Who could get away with engaging in political activities?
What did government forces do?
What do Aung San think in Suu Kyi's better to have the people of the world on your side than the governments of the world?
What does Aung San remain?
What do reports describe shooting with one needle?
What do we all want?
Who have adopted the note as their flag of freedom?
What would sit on old newspapers and plastic bags on the sidewalk to cheer?
What is the best way to deal with AIDS through?
Who think that in order to do something like that, you have to win the confidence of the people?
Where should they come back at a time when it is a democratic society _ where there is justice?
When 'll tourists have?
What are few university students on the campus of course against the proliferation of drugs because we recognize?
When 'll they have?
What have pro-democracy protesters adopted as their flag of freedom?
What would we like to see more of?
Who is an associate editor with Pacific News Service?
What do few university students on the campus need?
What are financially dependent on the opium crop?
What did the people answer?
Who does Aung San's portrait on this bill greatly resemble?
What do some wielding iron bars _ surrounded the vehicle a mob of thugs _ some throwing?
What do I think that in order to do something like that, you have to win?
What would not?
What SUU KYI: Yes's one way?
What has the junta then banned these gatherings and since mid-1995 kept Suu Kyi under?
What would a democratic government do to make sure that the people who depend on growing opium for their life will find other ways of earning a living?
What should they come back to at a time when it is a democratic society _ where there is justice?
What have prevented Suu Kyi from meeting with journalists and diplomats?
Who do not consider our own personal safety as any more serious than the safety and security of the people in general?
Who do I not think can win people's confidence through intimidation and repression?
What are we of course against the proliferation of drugs because we recognize?
What should tourists come back to at a time when it is a democratic society _ where there is justice?
What does she head?
What do some wielding iron bars _ surrounded a mob of thugs _ some throwing stones?
What would AIDS education be?
Who is Dennis Bernstein?
What was clear to us that the attack was a deliberate attempt to harm us badly or even kill us?
What would do its best to make sure that the people who depend on growing opium for their life will find other ways of earning a living?
What do we not consider as any more serious than the safety and security of the people in general?
What do Aung San think in some ways Suu Kyi's better to have the people of the world on your side than?
What is Burmese currency?
What bloodshed loom on the horizon?
Who do not think about that too much?
What want justice and human rights?
Who 'd ask tourists to stay away?
Who was fairly detached?
What's consumer power?
What do Aung San think in?
When should tourists come back to Burma?
What is what few university students on the campus need in Burma education of all kinds _ political, economic and medical in?
What submitted to her?
What can travel around Burma with a clear conscience?
What do we need?
What was this soon after a bloody takeover by in which thousands of demonstrators were massacred in the streets?
Who have the authorities prevented from meeting with journalists and diplomats?
What do Aung San think in some ways Suu Kyi's better to have on your side than the governments of the world?
Who would like to discuss the problem with the Burmese people?
What would thousands of Burmese sit on old newspapers and plastic bags on?
What do few university students on the campus seem to think that if they insist, it will simply go away?
What is his image featured on?
What is so badly needed in our country?
What is what few university students on the campus need in Burma in fact?
What do they seem to think?
What was it clear to us?
What are few university students on the campus confident that our cause will prevail because that is?
What was conducted by telephone in January 1997, shortly after a violent incident in which Suu Kyi was in her automobile?
Who is a public-radio news magazine in the San Francisco Bay area?
Who was assassinated that same year at age 32?
What did Aung San see as an observer?
Who remain steadfastly committed to the path of nonviolence?
What did Suu Kyi's father lead in 1947?
What did her party win a landslide victory _ even though was under house arrest in?
What do some wielding iron bars _ smashed a mob of thugs _ some throwing stones?
What is what we need in Burma education of in fact?
Who 'd Aung San ask to stay away?
Who need a really widespread AIDS education program?
When was he assassinated at age 32?
What do I think in it's better to have the people of the world on your side than the governments of the world?
Who remains a legend and a national hero in Burma?
What do I think in some ways's better to have the people of the world on your side than the governments of the world?
What does _ show the SLORC _ buoyed by billions from Burma's booming drug trade and foreign investment?
What is through education?
Who did Aung San see it all as?
What was a serious threat to your security?
What have few university students on the campus heard?
What has SUU KYI: Yes Aung San's mind not changed in?
What _ surrounded the vehicle a mob of thugs _ some throwing stones?
Who 'd I ask to stay away?
Who would like to talk to the people concerned?
What have we heard?
What is?
What do Aung San talk over because the people are involved in the whole process of government?
If they leave her house, what do her bodyguards and assistants face being hauled off to?
What are we confident that our cause will prevail because that is?
What do some wielding iron bars _ surrounded the vehicle _ some throwing stones?
What did the SLORC yank the one-kyat bill from?
What do I think in some ways it's better to have on your side than the governments of the world?
What appears to be more interested in stamping out political activity than drug addiction?
What would be just one part of a whole program for education?
Who assume one man in front with an iron bar in his hand was the one who made the big gash in my windscreen?
Who are of course against the proliferation of drugs because we recognize that they are harmful?
Who has a strong claim on the allegiance of the Burmese people?
What is co-author of ``Burma's Revolution of the Spirit: The Struggle for Democratic Freedom and Dignity''?
Who recognize that they are harmful?
What do Aung San think that in order to do something like that, you have to win the confidence of?
What SUU KYI: Yes has not changed in any way?
Whose father was Aung San?
What did Sunday answer?
Where do I think in some ways it's better to have the people of the world than the governments of the world?
What is so badly needed in few university students on the campus's country?
What is what few university students on the campus need in Burma education of in fact?
What's good to know that the people of different countries are really concerned and involved in the movement to help Burma?
What 'll have a much better time?
What would few university students on the campus like to talk to?
Who are confident that our cause will prevail because that is what the great majority of the people in Burma want?
What do I think in some ways it's better to have the people of the world on than the governments of the world?
Who's consumer power?
What do you talk over because the people are involved in the whole process of government?
Who has the junta then banned these gatherings and since mid-1995 kept under de-facto house arrest?
What would we like to discuss the problem with?
Who seem to be able to get away with taking drugs?
What does Suu Kyi's good to know in to help Burma?
What can tourists travel around with a clear conscience?
What has come to be known as the ``democracy note?''
Who still oppose ``Visit Myanmar Year''?
Who have heard that it is very easy to obtain drugs on the campuses?
What is featured on Burmese currency?
What did I see as an observer?
What is the whole program for education so badly needed in?
Whose portrait on this bill greatly resembles his daughter?
What has kept Suu Kyi under de-facto house arrest?
What does she have?
Who do I assume was the one who made the big gash in my windscreen?
What can tourists travel around Burma with?
What was _ Suu Kyi cited by as ``one of the most extraordinary examples of civil courage in Asia'' in recent decades again under house arrest?
Whose image is featured on Burmese currency?
What is education of all kinds _ political, economic and medical in fact?
What would we like to see?
What is Flashpoints?
What does _ show no intention of turning over power peacefully _ buoyed by billions from Burma's booming drug trade and foreign investment?
Who assumes one man in front with an iron bar in his hand was the one who made the big gash in my windscreen?
What do we not consider our own personal safety as?
What is what democracy is all about?
When did Suu Kyi's father lead a successful battle against British colonial rule?
Who thinks in some ways it's better to have the people of the world on your side than the governments of the world?
Who said the opposition was ``clearly taking the initiative at this moment'' in an effort to force some liberalization?
What was the opposition party?
What has the country's leaders's refusal to honor the results of the 1990 election raised questions about?
What is to bring the country's leaders into talks?
What have the country's leaders shown?
What was elected eight years ago in a vote that was annulled by the military after her party won 80 percent of its seats?
What has their refusal to honor the results of the 1990 election raised questions about?
Who was Kent Wiedemann?
When passed quietly?
When has she set Aug. 21?
Who said there were no demonstrations?
What did Kent Wiedemann say the opposition was ``clearly taking the initiative at this moment'' in?
What has the country's leaders's refusal to honor the results of the 1990 election raised?
What have choked off any attempts at public protest?
What did Kent Wiedemann say was ``clearly taking the initiative at this moment'' in an effort to force some liberalization?
What have they shown no sign of?
When did Thailand _ in Myanmar without the violence many had feared?
What have authorities closed the country's universities for?
Who was the top American diplomat in Myanmar?
What _ The 10th anniversary of a crackdown on pro-democracy demonstrators passed quietly Saturday in Myanmar without the violence many had feared?
What was the National Assembly elected eight years ago in?
What has their refusal to honor the results of the 1990 election raised?
What did Wiedemann say ``As you can see, the government is instead adopting a more confrontational attitude''?
What have the military leaders said repeatedly?
Whose refusal to honor the results of the 1990 election has raised questions about their intentions?
What have said repeatedly that they want to make a transition to democracy?
What did Thailand _ The 10th anniversary of a crackdown on pro-democracy demonstrators passed quietly Saturday in without the violence many had feared?
What did Thailand _ The 10th anniversary of a crackdown on pro-democracy demonstrators passed quietly Saturday in Myanmar without the violence had feared?
What have systematically harassed?
What did a statement faxed to The Associated Press say: There are?
What was the National League for Democracy?
What did foreign diplomats and a government official say there were?
Who can see?
When did Kent Wiedemann say?
What has raised questions about their intentions?
What did foreign diplomats and a government official say?
What said: There are no demonstrations in Yangon or anywhere else in the country?
What did Kent Wiedemann look at?
When has she set as the deadline for convening the National Assembly?
What have said repeatedly that they are only caretakers?
Who looked at the events of the last week?
What did her party win?
Where did Thailand _ The 10th anniversary of a crackdown on pro-democracy demonstrators passed quietly Saturday without the violence many had feared?
What have they shown?
What have authorities closed for almost eight of the past 10 years?
What have the military leaders said repeatedly that they want to make?
What did Thailand _ The 10th anniversary of a crackdown on pro-democracy demonstrators passed quietly Saturday in Myanmar without the violence?
What won 80 percent of its seats?
What have closed the country's universities for almost eight of the past 10 years?
What do authorities fear?
Who has set Aug. 21 as the deadline for convening the National Assembly?
What did Thailand _ The 10th anniversary of a crackdown on pro-democracy demonstrators passed quietly Saturday in Myanmar without many had feared?
What have the country's leaders shown no sign of?
What have the military rulers choked off?
What fear student unrest?
What did her party win 80 percent of?
What did you look at?
What did Thailand _ The 10th anniversary of in Myanmar without the violence many had feared?
What did Wiedemann say ``As you can see, the government is instead adopting a more confrontational attitude'' ?
What have shown no sign of softening?
Who have shown no sign of softening?
What do we do to prevent conflicts?
What do we not use with an established modern power that we use with a government whose authority is weak and institutions wobbly?
What is against Burma?
What has rebuffed repeated appeals for talks with the democratic opposition led by Nobel Peace Prize-winner Aung San Suu Kyi in Burma's case?
What would be presumptuous to suggest that our engagement alone will cause democracy in China to blossom?
Who knows that this tension is inevitable and, at times?
What has China placed?
What is to engage in a dialogue with Chinese leaders while encouraging the broad exchange of information and ideas between American and Chinese citizens?
Who do this to strengthen the forces of freedom?
What does the true challenge of diplomacy not reside in?
What should many Chinese reformers not expect our chief executive to construct without a full box of tools?
Who do I meet with?
Who has praised the U. S. -China dialogue as an appropriate way to express American support for preserving the cultural, linguistic and ethnic heritage of Tibet?
What take a dim view of dissent?
Who consider the domestic pressures that may be affecting a government along with the proclivities and capacities of its leaders?
What is official neglect?
What do we do this to strengthen?
What desperately needs foreign investment, loans and aid?
What has driven the economy into the ground?
What do we consider?
When will be determined by the Chinese?
What are many of its increasingly desperate people fleeing to?
What is too early to draw definitive conclusions about the success of our policy toward China or Burma?
What must many Chinese reformers design our policies not with a cookie cutter but with the special characteristics of each in?
What would you not ask a carpenter to build a house with hammer?
Who do some accuse of having a double standard?
Who do this to build prosperity?
What is official connivance the world's leading source of?
What is law permitted?
What do we have in reality?
Who must we convince foreign leaders that the common good is good for as well?
What accuse us of having a double standard?
What would you not ask a carpenter to build with only a hammer?
What are times?
What can contribute to an environment in which the Chinese people have more access to information and less resistance from their government to outside influences and ideas?
What must toward and others where we hope for change we be patient and persistent?
What is the answer of?
What are we engaged in while maintaining far tougher sanctions?
What is of course?
What has the Dalai Lama praised as an appropriate way to express American support for preserving the cultural, linguistic and ethnic heritage of Tibet?
What do we do this to strengthen the forces of?
What do both take a dim view of?
What argues for flexibility?
Who welcome Western political and commercial engagement with their government as a spur to further openness and change in contrast to Burma?
What is too early to draw definitive conclusions about the success of many Chinese reformers's policy toward China or Burma?
What is permitted somewhat more open public discussion of political reform?
Who must be able to pick?
What do we do to strengthen the forces of freedom?
What do we refer constantly back to in any relationship?
What has the regime driven the economy into?
What has the regime driven into the ground?
When do I know?
What is official neglect the epicenter of?
Who won Burma's last free elections?
What do we do to build prosperity?
What should many Chinese reformers not expect our chief executive to construct a successful foreign policy without?
Who may we eventually persuade to rethink where their own best interests lie?
What is the investment ban against?
What do many Chinese reformers welcome Western political and commercial engagement with their government as in contrast to Burma?
Who is among others?
What must toward these countries we be patient and persistent?
What is to encourage China to become a full and fully constructive participant in the international system?
What have the democrats called for a halt to?
Where would it be presumptuous to suggest?
Who have called for a halt to foreign investment and many categories of aid?
What is changing rapidly unlike Burma?
Whose engagement would a strategic dialogue with China be presumptuous to suggest in?
What must many Chinese reformers design not with a cookie cutter but with the special characteristics of each in mind?
Who must we convince that our own agenda is aboveboard?
What do both take?
Who refer constantly back to our basic principles and goals in any relationship?
What would a strategic dialogue with China be presumptuous to suggest in?
Who do this to prevent conflicts?
What is committed to economic reform?
Who must design our policies not with a cookie cutter but with the special characteristics of each in mind?
What must we convince foreign leaders?
What would it be presumptuous to suggest in?
What is the epicenter of a regional AIDS crisis?
Who would you not ask to build a house with only a hammer?
What do many Chinese reformers welcome Western political and commercial engagement with their government as a spur to further openness and change in?
What would be presumptuous to suggest that many Chinese reformers's engagement alone will cause democracy in China to blossom?
Who must we convince that the common good is good for them as well?
What can asian security not be won without?
What are critics right to say?
Who should many Chinese reformers not expect to construct a successful foreign policy without a full box of tools?
Who must convince foreign leaders that our own agenda is aboveboard?
Who toward these countries and others where we hope for change must be patient and persistent?
Who should not expect our chief executive to construct a successful foreign policy without a full box of tools?
Who toward these countries and others where many Chinese reformers hope for change must be patient and persistent?
What did the democrats win?
What are many of Burma's increasingly desperate people fleeing to?
What has placed a new emphasis on the rule of law?
Who has worked in both branches?
What requires persuading others to agree to new policies and actions based on new understandings?
What do we have a single standard based on our assessment of the approach most likely to achieve results that serve U. S. interests and ideals in?
What has a repressive military regime rebuffed repeated for talks with the democratic opposition led by Nobel Peace Prize-winner Aung San Suu Kyi in Burma's case?
Who have a single standard based on our assessment of the approach most likely to achieve results that serve U. S. interests and ideals in reality?
Where would a strategic dialogue with China be presumptuous to suggest?
Who would not ask a carpenter to build a house with only a hammer?
What does all this argue for?
What do we do this to prevent?
What has Burma become under?
Who are right to say that this progress is not good enough?
What are fleeing to neighboring countries?
What does it require persuading others to agree to?
Who do not use the same approach with an established modern power that we use with a government whose authority is weak and institutions wobbly?
What has a repressive military regime rebuffed repeated appeals for talks with the democratic opposition led by Nobel Peace Prize-winner Aung San Suu Kyi in?
Who is the Dalai Lama among?
What does the regime desperately need?
What is far deeper and broader than in Burma?
What is democratic?
What must toward and others where many Chinese reformers hope for change we be patient and persistent?
What is China changing rapidly unlike?
What may well work?
What do we not use the same approach with?
Who does it require persuading to agree to new policies and actions based on new understandings?
What must we convince foreign leaders that the common good is good for as well?
What is practical, not aesthetic?
What does not reside in the beauty of our goals?
What should we not expect our chief executive to construct a successful foreign policy without?
Who should we not expect to construct a successful foreign policy without a full box of tools?
What has a repressive military regime rebuffed repeated appeals for in Burma's case?
Who must convince foreign leaders that the common good is good for them as well?
What have the democrats called for to foreign investment and many categories of aid?
What can our engagement contribute to in which the Chinese people have more access to information and less resistance from their government to outside influences and ideas?
What do many Chinese reformers welcome as a spur to further openness and change in contrast to Burma?
What is official connivance?
What is the government committed to?
What will China's future be determined by?
What is law permitted somewhat more open public discussion of?
What does not reside in the beauty of many Chinese reformers's goals?
What is the world's leading source of heroin and, with official neglect?
What do we do this to build?
What have I worked in?
What is essential if Burma is to transform itself into a source of stability in Southeast Asia?
Who must we convince foreign leaders for?
Who must be able to choose?
What is that it depends?
Who are engaged in a strategic dialogue with China while maintaining far tougher sanctions?
When are constructive?
What must we convince foreign leaders for?
What must we design our policies not with a cookie cutter but with the special characteristics of each in?
What has the Dalai Lama praised the U. S. -China dialogue as?
What has become under the junta?
What cannot be won without Chinese cooperation?
Who may eventually persuade Burmese leaders to rethink where their own best interests lie?
What do we refer constantly back to our basic principles and goals in?
What should we not expect our chief executive to construct without a full box of tools?
What must we design not with a cookie cutter but with the special characteristics of each in mind?
Who meets with foreign officials?
What is the answer?
What did yes the government ignore in 1990 clearly indicating that 90 percent of the people rejected its rule and wanted democracy?
Who was Nobel Peace Prize winner Aung San Suu Kyi?
Who is director of the Business and Economics Journalism Program at Boston University?
Who applaud the clever logic of the National Foreign Trade Council?
What did the company stated in unequivocal terms that its decision was not based on ethics _ was?
What do these spats applaud?
What let slavery, and political repression do not hinder business,'s not get in about it?
What is Burma in the words of the ruling junta?
What is Burma one of the most pleasant places created by Mother Nature in?
What voted unanimously to enact a similar ban on the municipal level?
What did the National Foreign Trade Council take the battle into the courts on?
What was struck down?
Who delight in squawking about the occasional tiffs between the people of Burma and their military rulers of course?
What ended operations in Burma last year because of threats of a worldwide consumer boycott?
Who did it place?
What did yes the government ignore results of an election in 1990 clearly indicating?
If only what were the few isolated attacks on these spats?
Who was in his wisdom?
Who is the Swedish telecommunications giant?
What did it end operations in last year because of threats of a worldwide consumer boycott?
What did Rangoon kill thousands to restore?
When did yes Rangoon crack down on protests?
What will these spats work out?
What did the Los Angeles city council vote unanimously to enact?
What can he be reached at?
What took the battle into the courts on behalf of its 580 corporate members?
Who will these spats work out?
Who was the elected victor?
What applaud the clever logic of the National Foreign Trade Council?
What is one of the most pleasant places created by Mother Nature in the words of the ruling junta?
What did the National Foreign Trade Council take into the courts on behalf of its 580 corporate members?
What let slavery, and political repression do not hinder,'s not get in a huff about it?
What do we applaud?
What do not hinder business, let's not get in a huff about it?
Who finally crushed a radical law late last year that bans state contracts with companies doing business with Burma?
What do we finally crush a radical law late last year?
What does it break?
What do I present today in in the spirit of this philosophy?
What yes ignored results of an election in 1990 clearly indicating that 90 percent of the people rejected its rule and wanted democracy?
Who did the government place?
Who agreed with the council that the state law was unconstitutional?
What did the National Foreign Trade Council take the battle into on behalf of its 580 corporate members?
Where did a company end operations last year because of threats of a worldwide consumer boycott?
What finally crushed a radical law late last year that bans state contracts with companies doing business with Burma?
What do these spats finally crush a radical law late last year that bans?
Who can be reached at leving?
What do we applaud the clever logic of?
What should be?
What did yes the government ignore results of in 1990 clearly indicating that 90 percent of the people rejected its rule and wanted democracy?
What do anti-business fanatics delight in squawking about the occasional tiffs between the people of Burma and their military rulers of?
Who could not agree more?
If only what were the few isolated attacks on us?
What yes cracked down on protests in 1988?
What is the hail Ericsson?
What are discussing or have already passed laws that target trade with not only Burma but other promising markets like Nigeria, Indonesia, and Cuba?
What is Burma one of in the words of the ruling junta?
What did the judge agree with the council?
What did the company stated in unequivocal terms on _ it was?
What placed the elected victor?
What did the judge agree with that the state law was unconstitutional?
What was the judge in?
Where did it end operations last year because of threats of a worldwide consumer boycott?
What will work themselves out?
What killed thousands to restore order?
When did yes the government ignore results of an election clearly indicating that 90 percent of the people rejected its rule and wanted democracy?
What let slavery, and political repression do not hinder business,'s not get in a huff about?
What did a company end operations in last year because of threats of a worldwide consumer boycott?
What breaks my heart?
What yes torture?
What _ it was?
What do these spats applaud the clever logic of?
If a company must withdraw, what is far better to do it proudly for manly businesslike reasons _ not from any moral squeamishness?
What do we finally crush a radical law late last year that bans?
What have retreated from Burma on moral grounds?
Who 'mes pleased to report?
What did Rangoon kill to restore order?
What have some companies retreated from Burma on?
Who yes have been killed, jailed, or forced into exile?
What did yes Rangoon crack down on in 1988?
What were if only these?
What do these spats finally crush a radical law late last year?
What did a company end operations in Burma last year because of?
What did it end operations in Burma last year because of?
What did the company stated in unequivocal terms that its decision was not based on ethics _?
What have some companies retreated from on moral grounds?
Who said Thursday that the United States ``would be willing to consider taking more refugees if there is a need''?
Who said the refugees had no connection to the Burmese guerrilla group that stormed a Thai hospital this week?
What did the official say the refugees had?
Who have been refugees in Thailand for more than a decade?
What _ The Thai government has yet to ask the United States to accept 1,500 new Burmese student refugees?
What does WASHINGTON _?
Who did the official say had no connection to the Burmese guerrilla group that stormed a Thai hospital this week?
When did a State Department official say that the United States ``would be willing to consider taking more refugees if there is a need''?
What did a State Department official say Thursday?
Who have the students been for more than a decade?
How many new Burmese student refugees does WASHINGTON _ The Thai government has yet to ask the United States to accept?
When have the students been refugees in Thailand?
Who does WASHINGTON _ The Thai government has yet to ask the United States to accept?
What did the students flee after the military coup in 1988?
What did the students flee Burma after?
What does WASHINGTON _ has yet to ask the United States to accept 1,500 new Burmese student refugees?
What does WASHINGTON _ The Thai government has yet to ask to accept 1,500 new Burmese student refugees?
What has agreed to resettle 600 of these student refugees from Thailand this year?
Who fled Burma after the military coup in 1988?
What did the official say?
What is becoming harder and harder for ASEAN members to ignore the depredations of the Burmese junta?
When did the party elect overwhelmingly?
What has a new evil come cascading into Thailand from Burma:?
What is noninterference in the internal affairs of member states?
What suffers more directly from the junta's crimes than host Thailand?
What was the US ambassador to the United Nations?
What did South Africa praise the Thai government for its success in implementing policies to reduce the spread of HIV at?
What has come cascading into Thailand from Burma: millions of easily smuggled tablets of the stimulant methamphetamine?
What did the leader of Burma's democracy movement write in, ``Lack of good governance is at the root of our country's troubles''?
What does the cross-border flow of narcotics, HIV, and refugees into Thailand demonstrate the folly of pretending by?
What was Richard Holbrooke?
What does no country in ASEAN suffer more directly from than host Thailand?
What are the uniformed thugs who rule Burma undermining?
Who was South Africa?
What does the cross-border flow of narcotics, HIV, and refugees into Thailand demonstrate?
What praised the Thai government for its success in implementing policies to reduce the spread of HIV at the recent AIDS conference in Durban?
Who was Aung San Suu Kyi?
What did the party immediately deny?
What is noninterference in the internal affairs of member states a founding principle of?
Who wrote in a Washington Post op-ed article, ``Lack of good governance is at the root of our country's troubles''?
What have the Thais been democratizing a polity long dominated by corrupt military officers for?
What demonstrates the folly of pretending that Burma's ASEAN neighbors are not affected by the junta's misrule?
Who was the leader of Burma's democracy movement?
Who is it becoming harder and harder for to ignore the depredations of the Burmese junta?
What does no country in ASEAN suffer more directly from the junta's crimes than?
Who have been democratizing a polity long dominated by corrupt military officers for much of the past decade?
What is a founding principle of ASEAN?
What did South Africa praise for its success in implementing policies to reduce the spread of HIV at the recent AIDS conference in Durban?
What does Burma under the junta continue to be?
Who are undermining those hard-won triumphs?
What has a new evil come cascading into Thailand from Burma: millions of?
What elected overwhelmingly in 1990?
What has a new evil come cascading into from Burma: millions of easily smuggled tablets of the stimulant methamphetamine?
What has a new evil come cascading into Thailand from: millions of easily smuggled tablets of the stimulant methamphetamine?
What has achieved exemplary progress in substituting legal cash crops for the poppies used to make heroin?
What has Bangkok achieved in substituting legal cash crops for the poppies used to make heroin?
Who ought to heed her temperate yet resolute counsel?
What immediately denied its right to govern by the military?
What continues to be a principal source for the heroin that destroys lives from Bangkok to Boston?
Who ASEAN members ought to heed?
What did South Africa praise the Thai government for at the recent AIDS conference in Durban?
What did the report say they brought in?
Who did the report say brought in some arms and ammunition?
What was January 15-- At least 20 more members of various anti-government armed groups in Myanmar?
When did the Mirror newspaper report Thursday YANGON surrendered to the government?
Who belonged to the Kayin National Union, All Burma Students ' Democratic Front and some other ethnic armed groups?
What said they brought in some arms and ammunition?
What is only one?
What did the Mirror newspaper report Thursday surrendered to the government last month?
What have made peace with the government?
What said at least 20 more members of various anti-government armed groups in Myanmar brought in some arms and ammunition?
What reported Thursday YANGON surrendered to the government last month?
What did the Mirror newspaper report Thursday YANGON surrendered to last month?
What did the members ``exchange arms for in December 1997?
When did the Mirror newspaper report YANGON surrendered to the government last month?
Who ``exchanged arms for peace'' in the southern, eastern and south-eastern areas in December 1997?
What is the KNU?
How many members of various anti-government armed groups in Myanmar did the report say brought in some arms and ammunition?
What have a total of 15 anti-government ethnic armed groups made peace with?
What have a total of 15 anti-government ethnic armed groups made with the government?
What did the members ``exchange for peace'' in the southern, eastern and south-eastern areas in December 1997?
What did the report say at least 20 more members of various anti-government armed groups in Myanmar brought in?
When was YANGON?
What did these members belong to?
When did the members ``exchange arms for peace'' in the southern, eastern and south-eastern areas?
What did the report say brought in some arms and ammunition?
Who did YANGON-- A high-ranking Myanmar military official say Sunday that the authorities made timely arrest of in January?
What was March 1?
When did YANGON-- A high-ranking Myanmar military official say Sunday?
What did YANGON-- A high-ranking Myanmar military official say Sunday that the authorities made in January?
What said Sunday that the authorities made timely arrest of 40 persons in January?
What is an anti-government student organization operating on the Myanmar-Thai border sine November 1988?
What is the ABSDF?
When did YANGON-- A high-ranking Myanmar military official say that the authorities made timely arrest of 40 persons in January?
When did YANGON-- A high-ranking Myanmar military official say Sunday that the authorities made timely arrest of 40 persons?
When was YANGON?
What did January attempt to commit?
When attempted to commit terrorist acts in the country?
When did YANGON surrender to the Myanmar government in March The New Light of Myanmar reported?
What did 26 members of various anti-government armed groups lay down their arms in different military command areas?
Where did 26 members of various anti-government armed groups lay down their arms including the Triangle Region and the Coastal Region?
What did YANGON surrender to in March The New Light of Myanmar reported Saturday?
What did they lay down their arms in different military command areas?
What was May 1-- A total of 26 members of various anti-government armed groups?
What laid down their arms in different military command areas including the Triangle Region and the Coastal Region?
What did YANGON surrender to the Myanmar government in March?
What do the Lahu, the ABSDF and the MTA operate in the Myanmar-Thai border areas in?
When did YANGON surrender to the Myanmar government The New Light of Myanmar reported Saturday?
What did they lay down their arms in including the Triangle Region and the Coastal Region?
Who was official newspaper?
Where did they lay down their arms including the Triangle Region and the Coastal Region?
What was the ethnic Lahu?
What did 26 members of various anti-government armed groups lay down their arms in including the Triangle Region and the Coastal Region?
What was March?
What have 17 anti-government ethnic armed groups as well as the MTA made with the government?
Where do the Lahu, the ABSDF and the MTA operate in armed opposition to the Myanmar government?
What have made peace with the government?
Whose Democratic Front and the remnants of the former drug trafficking Mong Tai Army was the ethnic Lahu?
What was All Burma Students ' Democratic Front and the remnants of the former drug trafficking Mong Tai Army?
What did 26 members of various anti-government armed groups lay down in different military command areas including the Triangle Region and the Coastal Region?
How many anti-government ethnic armed groups as well as the MTA have made peace with the government?
What did YANGON surrender to the Myanmar government in March reported Saturday?
What did they lay down in different military command areas including the Triangle Region and the Coastal Region?
How many members of various anti-government armed groups laid down their arms in different military command areas including the Triangle Region and the Coastal Region?
What surrendered to the Myanmar government in March The New Light of Myanmar reported Saturday?
What have 17 anti-government ethnic armed groups as well as the MTA made peace with?
What do the Lahu, the ABSDF and the MTA operate in in armed opposition to the Myanmar government?
When was YANGON?
Who laid down their arms in different military command areas including the Triangle Region and the Coastal Region?
What operate in the Myanmar-Thai border areas in armed opposition to the Myanmar government?
Who was the demand made by Colonel Thein Swe by last Saturday?
What were they flown to the Myanmar border in Ratchaburi in?
Who did the five Myanmar armed men Saturday free before they were flown to the Myanmar border in Ratchaburi in the company of Thai Deputy Foreign Minister Sukhumbhand Paribatra?
What did the five Myanmar armed men Saturday end their siege of?
What did Colonel Thein Swe disclose in?
What did YANGON demand that the Thai government strictly control refugee camps on?
Where did YANGON demand that the Thai government strictly control refugee camps?
Who regarded the seizure of the Myanmar Embassy in Bangkok and the taking of hostages by Myanmar armed men?
What did Colonel Thein Swe add?
Where were hostages flown in the company of Thai Deputy Foreign Minister Sukhumbhand Paribatra?
When did he disclose that five armed men were involved in the incident?
Who added that the armed men demanded that the Myanmar government release all political prisoners?
What demanded that the Thai government strictly control refugee camps on the Thai side of the two countries ' border?
Where did YANGON demand?
What was one from the KNU and the remaining one from the God's Children Army?
What did YANGON demand that the Thai government strictly control on the Thai side of the two countries ' border?
What did Colonel Thein Swe regard the seizure of by Myanmar armed men?
What were flown to the Myanmar border in Ratchaburi in the company of Thai Deputy Foreign Minister Sukhumbhand Paribatra?
Where were they flown in the company of Thai Deputy Foreign Minister Sukhumbhand Paribatra?
What did Colonel Thein Swe regard by Myanmar armed men?
What did Colonel Thein Swe disclose that five armed men were involved in last Friday?
What did he add?
What freed all the 38 hostages before they were flown to the Myanmar border in Ratchaburi in the company of Thai Deputy Foreign Minister Sukhumbhand Paribatra?
When was YANGON?
What did YANGON demand on?
What did he disclose in?
When did Colonel Thein Swe disclose that five armed men were involved in the incident?
What did he stress?
What were they flown to in the company of Thai Deputy Foreign Minister Sukhumbhand Paribatra?
What did he stress that the receiving country should take up?
What was Colonel Thein Swe?
Who were flown to the Myanmar border in Ratchaburi in the company of Thai Deputy Foreign Minister Sukhumbhand Paribatra?
What did he disclose that five armed men were involved in last Friday?
What ended their siege of the Myanmar Embassy?
What did the five Myanmar armed men Saturday end?
Who did Colonel Thein Swe regard the seizure of the Myanmar Embassy in Bangkok and the taking of hostages by?
Who did he regard the seizure of the Myanmar Embassy in Bangkok and the taking of hostages by?
Who disclosed that five armed men were involved in the incident last Friday?
Who did Colonel Thein Swe add that the armed men demanded that the Myanmar government release?
What did he add that the armed men demanded?
What did Colonel Thein Swe stress?
Who was the demand made by by Myanmar armed men last Saturday?
What was made by Colonel Thein Swe by Myanmar armed men last Saturday?
What did he regard the seizure of by Myanmar armed men?
What were hostages flown to the Myanmar border in Ratchaburi in?
Who stressed that the receiving country should take up the responsibility for the security of an embassy stationed there?
What was October 5-- Myanmar Tuesday?
Who did he add that the armed men demanded that the Myanmar government release?
When was the demand made by Colonel Thein Swe by Myanmar armed men?
What did Colonel Thein Swe add that the armed men demanded?
What was the ABSDF?
What did he regard by Myanmar armed men?
What did Colonel Thein Swe stress that the receiving country should take up?
What were hostages flown to in the company of Thai Deputy Foreign Minister Sukhumbhand Paribatra?
Who told a briefing at the State Department the two countries were not certified because they ``have been world headquarters for the heroin business'' for several years?
What do latin American countries believe should focus on efforts in reducing the consumption of drugs in the United States?
What do latin American countries believe on?
Who did Albright tell, ``In Afghanistan, the opium harvest grew substantially''?
What says Cambodia Nigeria?
What were denied certification outright?
What has the annual certification report been attacked by the countries listed in the report as?
What were not certified for cooperating?
What does the report say?
Who told reporters, ``In Afghanistan, the opium harvest grew substantially''?
What has been attacked by the countries listed in the report as the interference into their domestic affairs?
What has the annual certification report been attacked by as the interference into their domestic affairs?
What do latin American countries believe the U. S. administration should focus on?
What believe the U. S. administration should focus on efforts in reducing the consumption of drugs in the United States?
What were Paraguay granted while Afghanistan and Burma were denied certification outright?
What were Afghanistan and Burma denied outright?
What were granted a national interest waiver while Afghanistan and Burma were denied certification outright?
