What did ANKARA, Turkey _ Turkey's foreign minister on Thursday say will pave the way to improved relations between Brussels and Ankara?
Who insisted that the report ``did not signal a new status of Turkey?''
What did the report indicate in any case?
What did the report indicate would not come soon in any case?
What released Thursday its first set of regular reports assessing the progress towards EU membership of 12 candidate countries?
What is the relationship with several leaders of member countries insisting in?
What did ANKARA, Turkey _ Turkey's foreign minister on Thursday say?
Whose place is the relationship with several leaders of member countries insisting in?
What did the report indicate Turkish membership would not come soon in?
What does the military play?
What has been trying to patch up the relationship?
What did the Commission also criticize?
What are frequently accused of systematically violating human rights?
What praised Turkey's economic policy?
What did ANKARA, Turkey _ Turkey's foreign minister on Thursday say the European Union's definition of Turkey as a candidate for membership will pave?
Whose economic policy did the report say still had a long way to go in the adoption of EU legal and administrative standards?
What plays a central role in the country's political life?
What indicated Turkish membership would not come soon in any case?
Who was Turkey?
What did the report say?
What did Turkey put the decision in December to exclude Turkey from the first wave of enlargement talks's relations with the 15-member union on hold after?
What did Turkey put its relations with the 15-member union on after the decision in December to exclude Turkey from the first wave of enlargement talks?
What stated, ``The persistent violations of human rights and important deficiencies in the treatment of minorities are causes of concern''?
What did the EU ambassador to Turkey insist?''
What did the report say still had a long way to go in the adoption of EU legal and administrative standards?
What put its relations with the 15-member union on hold after the decision in December to exclude Turkey from the first wave of enlargement talks?
What did Turkey put with the 15-member union on hold after the decision in December to exclude Turkey from the first wave of enlargement talks?
Whose foreign minister on Thursday said the European Union's definition of Turkey as a candidate for membership will pave the way to improved relations between Brussels and Ankara?
What did the report say Turkey's economic policy still had?
What was Karen Fogg?
What is with several leaders of member countries insisting that Turkey's place is in the union?
Who is the relationship with?
What did Turkey put its relations with on hold after the decision in December to exclude Turkey from the first wave of enlargement talks?
What said Turkey's economic policy still had a long way to go in the adoption of EU legal and administrative standards?
What did the report praise?
What also criticized the lack of civilian control over the military?
What did the report say it still had?
What said it still had a long way to go in the adoption of EU legal and administrative standards?
Whose economic policy did the report say?
What did the Commission also criticize the lack of?
What persist?
What did Turkey put its relations with the 15-member union on hold after?
Who said the European Union's definition of Turkey as a candidate for membership will pave the way to improved relations between Brussels and Ankara?
Whose economic policy did the report praise?
What did Foreign Ministry Spokesman Sermet Atacanli tell reporters, ``Turkey's expectancy is''?
What did the union decide not to begin membership talks with Ankara because of?
Who said the document ``is far from meeting Turkey's expectations?''
When did ANKARA, Turkey _ Turkey say it wants the European Union to make it a formal candidate for membership at its summit later this week?
What did Atacanli say?''
What does not make an enlargement report for the Dec. 11-12 summit in Vienna a candidate?
What was not a candidate?
What did ANKARA, Turkey _ Turkey say Wednesday it wants to make it a formal candidate for membership at its summit later this week?
What did he add that Turkish officials were spurning because Turkey was not a candidate?
What did Foreign Ministry Spokesman Sermet Atacanli add that Turkish officials were spurning because Turkey was not a candidate?
Who added that Turkish officials were spurning an invitation to a summit dinner because Turkey was not a candidate?
What decided not to begin membership talks with Ankara because of Turkey's shaky human rights record and territorial disputes with Greece?
Whose shaky human rights record and territorial disputes with Greece did the union decide not to begin membership talks with Ankara because of?
What did ANKARA, Turkey _ Turkey say Wednesday at?
What did Foreign Ministry Spokesman Sermet Atacanli add?
What did ANKARA, Turkey _ Turkey say Wednesday wants the European Union to make it a formal candidate for membership at its summit later this week?
Who did Foreign Ministry Spokesman Sermet Atacanli tell, ``Turkey's expectancy is that its candidacy be approved and confirmed legally''?
Who was Turkey not?
What did the union decide not to begin because of Turkey's shaky human rights record and territorial disputes with Greece?
What did ANKARA, Turkey _ Turkey say Wednesday it wants the European Union to make it a formal candidate for membership at?
Who said Wednesday it wants the European Union to make it a formal candidate for membership at its summit later this week?
What does not make it a candidate?
Who told reporters, ``Turkey's expectancy is that its candidacy be approved and confirmed legally''?
What did he add?
Whose expectations did Atacanli say?''
Who served 10 months in prison?
When was he released for health reasons after serving three months?
What was Turkey-- Turkey's leading human rights activist?
Who are the 37,000 people?
How many cases are still pending against Birdal for his speeches?
When was ANKARA released from prison?
Who did ANKARA say hoped to be the last person jailed in Turkey under laws curbing freedom of expression?
How many people have been killed in fighting since 1984?
What was Akin Birdal released for last year after serving three months?
What was Akin Birdal convicted of inciting racial hatred for urging an end to Turkey's 16-year war against Kurdish rebels in?
What were eleven members of a far-right nationalist group sentenced in December 1998 to up to 19 months in prison for?
What was Akin Birdal former president of?
What was ANKARA released from Saturday?
When were eleven members of a far-right nationalist group sentenced in December 1998 in prison for attempted murder?
Who were convicted?
Who did ANKARA say he hoped to be?
How many people are Kurds?
Who did Birdal say had not made concrete steps to improve its human rights record?
What have Europe and the United States called on to crack down on torture in police stations?
What have been killed in fighting since 1984?
Who is still recovering from an assassination attempt in May 1998?
What did Akin Birdal serve 10 months in?
What did Birdal say outside my hope and wish is to be the last person imprisoned because of voicing ideas?
What is often criticized for its poor human rights record?
Who did both the European Union and the United States criticize for jailing Birdal?
Who were sentenced in December 1998 to up to 19 months in prison for attempted murder?
How many months did Akin Birdal serve in prison?
Who said Turkey had not made concrete steps to improve prison's human rights record?
What was he convicted of inciting racial hatred for urging an end to Turkey's 16-year war against Kurdish rebels in?
What criticized Turkey for jailing Birdal?
What did Birdal say outside an Ankara prison where he was greeted by 100 human rights activists is to be the last person imprisoned because of writing?
What have called on Turkey to crack down on torture in police stations?
What is pressing Turkey to find a peaceful solution to the war?
When was he jailed again?
What was he released for last year after serving three months?
What does Turkey not recognize as a minority?
What have Europe and the United States called on Turkey to crack down on reform?
Who said Turkey had not made concrete steps to improve its human rights record?
What are Kurds?
What have Scores of activists and writers been sentenced to prison terms in Turkey for?
What has rejected a cease-fire announced by the rebels last year?
When have Scores of activists and writers been sentenced for writings and speeches seen as sympathetic to Kurdish rebels?
What have Europe and the United States called on to crack down on reform its laws curbing freedom?
What is Birdal?
Who was Akin Birdal?
Who is 51?
How many members of a far-right nationalist group were convicted?
When did Akin Birdal serve in prison?
Who was released for health reasons last year after serving three months?
Who said outside an Ankara prison where he was greeted by 100 human rights activists my hope and wish is to be the last person imprisoned because of writing?
Who are some 20 cases still pending against for his speeches?
When were eleven members of a far-right nationalist group sentenced to up to 19 months in prison for attempted murder?
Who asked?
What did Birdal say outside an Ankara prison where he was greeted by 100 human rights activists is to be the last person imprisoned because of voicing ideas?
What did Birdal say Turkey had not made?
What did Birdal say?
What does Turkey not recognize its 12 million Kurds as?
What have Europe and the United States called on Turkey to crack down on torture in?
What are still pending against Birdal for his speeches?
What does not recognize its 12 million Kurds as a minority?
What was ANKARA?
What was released from prison Saturday?
When does Turkey not recognize as a minority?
What is Turkey often criticized for?
What did Birdal say outside my hope and wish is to be the last person imprisoned because of writing?
What has Turkey rejected?
Who was former president of the independent Human Rights Association?
What were eleven members of a far-right nationalist group sentenced in December 1998 to up to 19 months in for attempted murder?
What is Birdal still recovering from?
Who did Birdal say had not made concrete steps to improve prison's human rights record?
When was Akin Birdal released for health reasons after serving three months?
What have called on Turkey to crack down on reform its laws curbing freedom?
What does Turkey not recognize last year as?
What said he hoped to be the last person jailed in Turkey under laws curbing freedom of expression?
What are some 20 cases still pending against Birdal for?
Who was jailed again in March?
How many members of a far-right nationalist group were sentenced in December 1998 to up to 19 months in prison for attempted murder?
What did ANKARA say?
What does not recognize last year as a minority?
What have been sentenced to prison terms in Turkey for writings and speeches seen as sympathetic to Kurdish rebels?
Who was convicted of inciting racial hatred for urging an end to Turkey's 16-year war against Kurdish rebels in the largely Kurdish southeast?
When was Akin Birdal jailed again?
Who is the European Union pressing to find a peaceful solution to the war?
What did the decision take?
What hears his appeal?
Whose appeal does the European Court of Human Rights hear?
What has sharply diminished as a result?
Who has also ordered his followers to withdraw from battle?
What should not just postpone Ocalan's hanging?
What have others swapped for political bargaining?
Who was sentenced to death last June?
When was he sentenced to death?
Whose hanging should Turkey not just postpone?
What should not just cancel it?
What has Abdullah Ocalan also ordered his followers to withdraw from?
When was Ocalan seized in Kenya?
What has Ocalan tried to bargain for by offering to broker an end to the 15-year-long Kurdish conflict?
Who was convicted?
What may permit a solution to the Kurdish conflict?
What have others swapped violence for?
What has Turkey not executed since 1984?
Who was tried for the murder of the more than 30,000 people killed in the Kurdish insurgency?
What may the decision permit?
What should Turkey not just cancel?
When was the editorial on Friday?
What have all members of the European Union abolished?
What will it help smooth into the European Union?
What will help smooth Turkey's path into the European Union?
What may it permit?
What has kurdish violence inside Turkey sharply diminished as?
Who has tried to bargain for his life by offering to broker an end to the 15-year-long Kurdish conflict?
What has obeyed its decisions in the past?
Who is Sinn Fein?
Who have the death penalty abolished?
Who have contributed to peacemaking?
What should Turkey not just postpone?
Whose path will it help smooth into the European Union?
Who have swapped violence for political bargaining?
When has Turkey obeyed its decisions?
When has Turkey not executed anyone?
What should not just cancel Ocalan's hanging?
What was Abdullah Ocalan sentenced to last June?
What was Ocalan tried for?
Whose path will the decision help smooth into the European Union?
What took political courage in a country where passions against Ocalan run high?
Who was brought to Turkey?
What does the European Court of Human Rights hear?
What was Ocalan seized in last February?
What has he also ordered his followers to withdraw from?
What is Yasser Arafat of the Palestine Liberation Organization and Gerry Adams of the Irish Republican Army's political wing?
Who has Abdullah Ocalan also ordered to withdraw from battle?
When was Abdullah Ocalan sentenced to death?
What is not obliged to follow the court's ruling?
What was Ocalan brought to?
What will the decision help smooth into the European Union?
What was Jan. 14?
Who was seized in Kenya last February?
Where was Ocalan seized last February?
Who has he also ordered to withdraw from battle?
What have others contributed to?
What has not executed anyone since 1984?
Who was Abdullah Ocalan?
What was he sentenced to last June?
What should give Ocalan a chance to do the same?
What hears Turkey's appeal?
Who was the Kurdish rebel leader?
What has Turkey obeyed in the past?
What will it help smooth Turkey's path into?
Whose hanging should Turkey not just cancel?
What will the decision help smooth Turkey's path into?
What is Monday's meeting?
What does Ankara maintain that the withholding of the assistance would be?
What do reports say Britain and France have urged Greece not to force the EU into?
What might go as far as to the European Court of Justice?
When welcomed the European Union's attitude toward its dispute with Greece?
What did Ankara also urge the EU to release its planned financial assistance despite?
What was the financial assistance?
Who did the dispute flared up last month when both Turkey and Greece claimed sovereignty over a set of small islands call?
Whose meeting on Monday turned down a Greek proposal to adopt a common condemnation of Turkey concerning the two countries ' dispute over an Aegean islet?
What did the EU foreign ministers ' meeting on Monday turn down?
What do reports say Britain and France have urged not to force the EU into a legal battle with Turkey over the financial assistance?
When was ANKARA?
What did today urge to release financial assistance immediately despite Greek efforts to block it?
What did today urge the EU to release financial assistance immediately despite?
What turned down a Greek proposal to adopt a common condemnation of Turkey concerning the two countries ' dispute over an Aegean islet?
What does Ankara maintain?
What maintains that the withholding of the assistance would be a violation of the customs union accord?
What was the EU's planned financial assistance a sum of?
What did the statement add?
What did Ankara also urge to release its planned financial assistance despite Greek attempt to block it?
What was its planned financial assistance?
What did today welcome?
What has taken up?
When welcomed the European Union's attitude toward the European Union's dispute with Greece?
What do reports say into?
What prevented a war between the two NATO members?
What is the situation between Turkey and Greece?
What did Ankara also urge the EU to release despite Greek attempt to block it?
What was its planned financial assistance a sum of?
What did the United States prevent?
What does Ankara maintain that the withholding of the assistance would be a violation of?
What said, ``Turkey welcomes the reaffirmation of the European Union's 14 members to carry out their obligations toward Turkey within the framework of customs union''?
When urged the EU to release financial assistance immediately despite Greek efforts to block it?
What did today urge the EU to release immediately despite Greek efforts to block it?
What was the EU's planned financial assistance?
What do reports say have urged Greece not to force the EU into a legal battle with Turkey over the financial assistance?
What do reports say Britain and France have urged Greece not to force into a legal battle with Turkey over the financial assistance?
What later intervened?
What was an indispensable factor?
What also urged the EU to release its planned financial assistance despite Greek attempt to block it?
What was February 27-- Turkey?
What called Kardak in Turkish and Imia?
What was a sum of 375 million ECU?
What say Britain and France have urged Greece not to force the EU into a legal battle with Turkey over the financial assistance?
When did the Anatolia news agency report?
When was ANKARA?
What is Turkey?
Who is expected to discuss with Turkish officials issues such as the security of Europe during the first visit by a WEU secretary-general?
What is the WEU's role in European defense and Turkey's contributions to the union?
Who did Anatolia quote as saying?
What was Jose Cutileiro Secretary-General of?
What is Cutileiro expected to discuss with Turkish officials issues such as the security of Europe during?
What reported today?
What quoted Foreign Ministry spokesman Omer Akbel as saying?
What is Europe?
What was April 8-- Jose Cutileiro?
Who was Secretary-General of the Western European Union?
What is not a formal?
What was Jose Cutileiro?
Who did the resolution condemn ``the brutal assassination'' of two Greek Cypriots by?
When was PARIS?
What did the European Parliament accuse Turkey of?''
What condemned ``the brutal assassination'' of two Greek Cypriots by Turkish soldiers supported by para-military forces?
Who did the resolution condemn ``the brutal assassination'' of by Turkish soldiers supported by para-military forces?
What also called on the European Commission not to allow Turkey access to EU aid under the ``Meda'' program for Mediterranean countries?''
What did the European Parliament also call on the European Commission not to allow under the ``Meda'' program for Mediterranean countries?''
What is the special aid?
What is the special aid part of?
What did members of the European Parliament in Strasbourg vote 319 for, 23 against with 20 abstentions?
What did the resolution condemn by Turkish soldiers supported by para-military forces?
Who voted 319 for, 23 against the resolution with 20 abstentions?
What did members of the European Parliament in Strasbourg vote against the resolution with 20 abstentions?
What was September 19-- The European Parliament?
What is part of the agreement between the European Union and Turkey on the establishment of a customs union between the two sides?
What did the European Parliament also call on not to allow Turkey access to EU aid under the ``Meda'' program for Mediterranean countries?''
Who did the European Parliament accuse?''
What accused Turkey of ``increasing provocation in the Aegean Sea?''
What did the European Parliament also call on the European Commission not to allow Turkey access to EU aid under?''
What did members of the European Parliament in Strasbourg vote 319 for, 23 against the resolution with?
What did it urge the EU member states to show necessary reactions to this preventive attitude of the European Parliament?
What did the statement say like the European Parliament's decision on September 19,1996, the European Parliament has pursued its attitude preventing?
What did the European Parliament vote Thursday to freeze for setting up a customs union with the EU?
What was angered by Turkey's human rights record?
What was the European Parliament angered by?
What did the statement say like its decision on September 19,1996, the European Parliament has pursued preventing the cooperation between Turkey and the European Union?
What voted to review substantial financing for Turkey from the EU's MEDA Program?
What did it urge states to show their necessary reactions to this preventive attitude of the European Parliament?
What voted Thursday to freeze hundreds of millions of U. S. dollars in aid to Turkey for setting up a customs union with the EU?
What did the European Parliament vote to review from the EU's MEDA Program?
What did tonight accuse of voting to block European Union's aid to Turkey?
Whose human rights record was the European Parliament angered by?
What urged the EU member states to show their necessary reactions to this preventive attitude of the European Parliament?
What did it urge?
What did the statement say like, the European Parliament has pursued its attitude preventing the cooperation between Turkey and the European Union?
What did the statement say like its decision on September 19,1996, has pursued its attitude preventing the cooperation between Turkey and the European Union?
When did the European Parliament vote to freeze hundreds of millions of U. S. dollars in aid to Turkey for setting up a customs union with the EU?
What did the European Parliament vote Thursday to freeze hundreds of for setting up a customs union with the EU?
What did it urge the EU member states to show their?
What did the European Parliament vote to review substantial financing for Turkey from?
What said like its decision on September 19,1996, the European Parliament has pursued its attitude preventing the cooperation between Turkey and the European Union?
What did the statement say like its decision on September 19,1996, the European Parliament has pursued its attitude preventing?
What accused the European Parliament of voting to block European Union's aid to Turkey?
Who does the EU not admit into the regional alliance?
Who said ``I think we will be able to calm that concern?''
When said NATO Secretary-General Javier Solana is hopeful that Turkey would not veto the planned NATO expansion?
Who said ``I think the membership applications will be able to calm that concern?''
Who said that Turkey should take its place in a European family picture in the EU summit scheduled to be held in Amsterdam in June?
When said he is hopeful that Turkey would not veto the planned NATO expansion?
What did turkish leaders reiterate during NATO Secretary-General Javier Solana's stay here?
What did turkish President Suleyman Demirel say into in a press statement issued following NATO Secretary-General Javier Solana's meeting with Solana?
What has Turkey warned for?
What did Solana say would include Turkey in military operations by the Western European Union?
What did turkish President Suleyman Demirel say?
What did Demirel say, ``Although the membership applications are for the enlargement of the NATO in principle, we think for?''
What does not admit Turkey into the regional alliance?
What is not among them?
When was ANKARA?
Who is the European Commission considering the membership applications by?
What did Solana say NATO would include Turkey in military operations by?
What has warned that it might block plans for the NATO expansion if its plea for EU accession is stalled?
What is Turkey not among?
What are the membership applications for the enlargement of the NATO in?
What is considering the membership applications by up to 10 possible candidates?
What has Turkey warned that it might block for the NATO expansion if its plea for EU accession is stalled?
What did Solana say NATO would include Turkey in by the Western European Union?
What did Solana say ``I think?''
Who said NATO would include Turkey in military operations by the Western European Union?
What was the EU's military body?
What is not among the membership applications?
What are the membership applications for in principle?
What did Solana tell reporters at airport that ``I think'' before his departure from his 24-hour visit to Ankara?
Who reiterated their position to link the expansion of the NATO with Turkey's entry into the European Union during NATO Secretary-General Javier Solana's stay here?
What was February 6-- NATO Secretary-General Javier Solana?
What did Solana say in?
What are for the enlargement of the NATO in principle?
What did turkish leaders reiterate their position to link the expansion of the NATO with Turkey's entry into the European Union during?
What did Demirel say, ``Although we are for the enlargement of the NATO in principle, we think for?''
What did turkish President Suleyman Demirel say that Turkey should take?
Who is Turkey not among?
What did turkish President Suleyman Demirel say into in a press statement issued following his meeting with Solana?
Who did Solana say NATO would include in military operations by the Western European Union?
What did turkish leaders reiterate during his stay here?
Who are for the enlargement of the NATO in principle?
What did he say that Turkey should take?
What are we for the enlargement of the NATO in?
What does the EU not admit Turkey into?
Whose stay here did turkish leaders reiterate their position to link the expansion of the NATO with Turkey's entry into the European Union during?
What are we for in principle?
What did today say?
Who did today say is hopeful that Turkey would not veto the planned NATO expansion?
What did he say?
What is the European Commission considering by up to 10 possible candidates?
What did Solana tell reporters at airport that ``I think it has been very positive to understand the position of Turkey'' before?
What did turkish President Suleyman Demirel say that Turkey will not support the enlargement of the NATO because the EU does not admit Turkey into the regional alliance in?
Who reiterated their position to link the expansion of the NATO with Turkey's entry into the European Union during his stay here?
What was the Western European Union?
What has Turkey warned that it might block plans for if its plea for EU accession is stalled?
What did Turkey sign an agreement on Customs Union with in January 1996?
Who did State Department spokesman Nicholas Burns tell, ``Turkey is a European country''?
Who did WASHINGTON say today that the European Union should accept Turkey as?
What rejected a membership of Turkey last week?
What was already a member country of the North Atlantic Treaty Organization?
What signed an agreement on Customs Union with the EU in January 1996?
What has been seeking an EU membership?
When was WASHINGTON?
What was Turkey already a member country of?
What said today that the European Union should accept Turkey as its new member in the future?
What did some EU members insist?
Who did WASHINGTON say today as?
When did Turkey sign an agreement on Customs Union with the EU?
When did WASHINGTON say that the European Union should accept Turkey as its new member in the future?
Who did WASHINGTON say today that the European Union should accept as its new member in the future?
What did some EU members insist that Turkey is?
Who told reporters, ``Turkey is a European country''?
Who insisted that Turkey is an Asian nation?
What was March 11-- The U. S. government?
What did Turkey sign with the EU in January 1996?
What was Turkey?
When was the EU statement issued at the end of a meeting of EU foreign ministers in Apeldoorn?
What did she say?
What did today welcome a statement by the European Union to?
Who says that Turkey's European horizon has been opened?
What does turkish President Suleyman Demirel say?
What did the European Union confirm the perspective of?
What was Apeldoorn?
What said that Turkey was recognized as having a European future?
Who did it say that it would be treated in the same way as?
What removed some trade barriers?
What did she say would make new efforts toward full EU membership?
Whose European horizon does turkish President Suleyman Demirel say?
What was issued Sunday at the end of a meeting of EU foreign ministers in Apeldoorn?
When was ANKARA?
What did it say in?
What does Turkey currently have?
What has turkish President Suleyman Demirel also expressed over the EU message?
What did it say that it would be treated in as others seeking the EU membership?
What did today welcome by the European Union to the group?
Whose full membership did the European Union confirm the perspective of?
What did today welcome a statement by to the group?
What did Turkey's Deputy Prime Minister and Foreign Minister Tansu Ciller say at?
What currently has a customs union agreement with the EU?
What did the statement come following?
What did a statement say in?
Who has also expressed his satisfaction over the EU message?
Who did a statement say that it would be treated in the same way as?
Where was the EU statement issued Sunday?
What did the EU remove?
What did a statement say?
What was the EU statement issued Sunday at?
What did a statement say that it would be treated in as others seeking the EU membership?
What said that it would be treated in the same way as others seeking the EU membership?
What did the European Union confirm?
When welcomed a statement by the European Union to the group?
What confirmed the perspective of Turkey's full membership?
Who said at a news conference here?
What has turkish President Suleyman Demirel also expressed his satisfaction over?
What was March 17-- Turkey?
What did she say her country would make?
What did it say?
What was the Netherlands?
Who said her country would make new efforts toward full EU membership?
What came following a March 4 statement by the EU Christian Democrats which called Turkey's membership application unacceptable?
When called on neighboring Turkey to change its stance towards Greece?
What did greek Defense Minister Akis Tsohatzopoulos point out that if Turkey realized this in the future, it would greatly help to improve?
What did today call on neighboring Turkey to change?
What did Turkey announce the suspension of?
What did today call on to change its stance towards Greece?
Whose relations with the European Union did Tsohatzopoulos stress that aggressiveness did not help?
What did Turkey increase that's pressure upon?
Who did the EU decide not to include on the list of nations waiting to join the bloc with Greece?
What did Turkey announce?
Who stressed that aggressiveness did not help Turkey's relations with the European Union?
What should Turkey give serious consideration to?
What increased its pressure upon Greece?
Who did tension between the two neighboring countries intensify recently with the mutual expulsion of diplomats and violations of Greek airspace by?
Whose relations with the European Union did Tsohatzopoulos stress?
What should Turkey give to the problems noted by the 15-nation bloc?
When did greek Defense Minister Akis Tsohatzopoulos point out?
What increased that's pressure upon Greece?
What did tension between the two neighboring countries intensify recently with by Turkish jet fighters?
What did the EU decide not to include Turkey on with Greece?
What did Tsohatzopoulos stress that aggressiveness did not help?
What should give serious consideration to the problems noted by the 15-nation bloc?
When did he point out?
What decided not to include Turkey on the list of nations waiting to join the bloc with Greece?
What was December 31-- Greek Defense Minister Akis Tsohatzopoulos?
What did Tsohatzopoulos stress?
Who pointed out that if Turkey realized this in the future, it would greatly help to improve the current climate?
What announced the suspension of its political dialogue with the EU?
What announced the suspension of that's political dialogue with the EU?
What did he point out that if Turkey realized this in the future, it would greatly help to improve?
What did Turkey increase upon Greece?
What did Turkey increase its pressure upon?
When was ATHENS?
What did the EU decide not to include Turkey on the list of nations waiting to join the bloc with?
What intensified recently with the mutual expulsion of diplomats and violations of Greek airspace by Turkish jet fighters?
What did ANKARA say ``The customs union continues to have in Turkey and on Turkey's trade relations with the EU''?
What were human rights?
What did Lake say in in his part?
Who is the EU?
What did David Logan tell?
What has made it very clear that it would continue to develop economic cooperation with the 15 EU nations despite its compliant over the Luxembourg decision?
What did Turkey announce in retaliation?
What referred to the customs union agreement which took effect in 1996?
What announced a halt of political dialog with the European body to protest its ``discriminative attitude'' toward the country in retaliation?
What do observers here believe that Britain hopes?
What was Michel Lake?
What has Turkey made very clear that it would continue to develop economic cooperation with the 15 EU nations despite its compliant over the Luxembourg decision?
What has not been achieved due to Turkey's various differences as well as the Cyprus issue?
Who however said that he understands Turkey's frustration over the EU decisions?
Who told a press conference here?
What is the largest trade partner of Turkey with traditional links?
What did ANKARA refer to the customs?
Who excluded Turkey from the ranks of the prospective candidates for the EU expansion process during the summit?
What did Logan comment on?
What did Logan note that Ankara should not negatively evaluate the Luxembourg summit last December from?
What does Britain hold the term presidency of?
What did Thursday indirectly express?
What did he however say that he understands?
What did ANKARA say ``continues to have a positive impact in Turkey and on Turkey's trade relations with the EU''?
What announced a halt of political dialog with the European body to protest retaliation's ``discriminative attitude'' toward the country in retaliation?
What do the EU leaders exclude from the ranks of the prospective candidates for the EU expansion process during the summit?
Who do observers here believe that Britain hopes it can persuade to attend the London meeting which deals with the EU accession issues?
What has the goal not been achieved due to as well as the Cyprus issue?
Who commented on the present bitter relations between Turkey and EU?
What did he say ``in''?
What did Lake say that maintaining is in accordance with the economic interests of both Turkey and the EU in his part?
What did he say ``The customs union continues to have in Turkey and on Turkey's trade relations with the EU''?
When did Turkey submit its formal application for the EU membership?
What do observers here believe?
Whose various differences has the goal not been achieved due to as well as the Cyprus issue?
What did David Logan however say that he understands?
Who noted that Ankara should not negatively evaluate the Luxembourg summit last December from an overall point of view?
What did he refer to union agreement which took effect in 1996?
What was Ankara?
What do the EU leaders exclude Turkey from during the summit?
Who referred to the customs union agreement which took effect in 1996?
What did he however say?
What did David Logan however say?
Whose frustration over the EU decisions did David Logan however say?
What do observers here believe that Britain hopes can persuade Turkey to attend the London meeting which deals with the EU accession issues?
What was January 22-- The British ambassador to Turkey?
What has the goal not been achieved due to its various differences as well as?
What did Lake say that maintaining a good relationship is in accordance with the economic interests of both Turkey and the EU in?
What did ANKARA say ``in''?
What did Turkey announce a halt of political dialog with the European body to protest retaliation's ``discriminative attitude'' toward the country in?
What has not been achieved due to its various differences as well as the Cyprus issue?
What submitted the goal's formal application for the EU membership in 1987?
What did Turkey announce a halt of in retaliation?
What do observers here believe that Britain hopes it can persuade Turkey to attend?
Who said that maintaining a good relationship is in accordance with the economic interests of both Turkey and the EU in his part?
When was ANKARA?
What said ``The customs union continues to have a positive impact in Turkey and on Turkey's trade relations with the EU''?
Whose frustration over the EU decisions did he however say that he understands?
Who said ``The customs union continues to have a positive impact in Turkey and on Turkey's trade relations with the EU''?
What is the EU the largest trade partner of with traditional links?
When did Turkey submit the goal's formal application for the EU membership?
When does Britain hold?
What did he refer to the customs?
What submitted its formal application for the EU membership in 1987?
What did Logan note from?
What did he say ``continues to have a positive impact in Turkey and on Turkey's trade relations with the EU''?
What did ANKARA refer to union agreement which took effect in 1996?
What holds the term presidency of the EU?
Who was the press conference here jointly held with?
What did Lake say that maintaining a good relationship is in in his part?
Who here believe that Britain hopes it can persuade Turkey to attend the London meeting which deals with the EU accession issues?
What did Turkey submit in 1987?
What do the EU leaders exclude Turkey from the ranks of the prospective candidates for the EU expansion process during?
What were economic problems?
Whose frustration over the EU decisions did he however say?
What has the goal not been achieved due to Turkey's various differences as well as?
What did Turkey announce a halt of political dialog with the European body to protest its ``discriminative attitude'' toward the country in?
What has Turkey made it very clear that it would continue to develop economic cooperation with the 15 EU nations despite?
When indirectly expressed the hope that Turkey could participate in the European Union meeting scheduled for March in London?
What was jointly held with EU representative in Ankara?
Whose frustration over the EU decisions did David Logan however say that he understands?
When was BRUSSELS?
What will lead to a deepening of our relations?
What urged the EU members to release a fund of some 375 million ECUs to finance the strategy?
Who did it urge to release a fund of some 375 million ECUs to finance the strategy?
Who did it urge the EU members to release a fund of to finance the strategy?
Who said that Ankara was now not interested in political dialogue with the EU?
What did the Commission Wednesday make the proposal in over Ankara's frustrated efforts to be accepted as a candidate for EU membership?
Who indicated that Turkey's democratic institutions and human rights records must be improved in order to prepare itself for the eventual EU membership?
Who said at a press conference?
What did the commissioner say in?
What did Wednesday urge the EU members to release a fund of some 375 million ECUs to finance?
What did the Commission say in a second report to the European Parliament?
Who did Wednesday urge to release a fund of some 375 million ECUs to finance the strategy?
What did Wednesday propose?
What made the proposal in a bid to improve its badly soured relations with Turkey over Ankara's frustrated efforts to be accepted as a candidate for EU membership?
What did EU Foreign Affairs Commissioner Hans van den Broek indicate in?
What did he indicate that Turkey's democratic institutions and human rights records must be improved in?
What did Wednesday urge the EU members to release to finance the strategy?
Who did Wednesday urge the EU members to release a fund of to finance the strategy?
When urged the EU members to release a fund of some 375 million ECUs to finance the strategy?
What was March 4?
What did the Commission Wednesday make the proposal in a bid to improve its badly soured relations with Turkey over?
When proposed a strategy for deepening Turkey's ties with the EU?
What did EU Foreign Affairs Commissioner Hans van den Broek say at?
What did EU Foreign Affairs Commissioner Hans van den Broek indicate that Turkey's democratic institutions and human rights records must be improved in?
What will the European strategy which we proposed for Turkey lead to?
What did the commissioner say that Ankara was now not interested in?
What did he indicate in?
What did it urge the EU members to release a fund of some 375 million ECUs to finance?
What did it urge the EU members to release to finance the strategy?
When did relations not rule out Turkey's candidacy?
What did BONN say Monday he did not expect that Turkey would be admitted into ``in foreseeable future''?
When did BONN say Monday he did not expect that Turkey would be admitted into the European Union ?
What did Kinkel stress Germany wanted to strengthen relations with in all areas despite the EU membership dispute with Turkey?
Whose candidacy did relations not rule out in the future?
What said Monday he did not expect that Turkey would be admitted into the European Union ``in foreseeable future''?
What did Kinkel stress Germany wanted to strengthen relations with the country in despite the EU membership dispute with Turkey?
What did not rule out its candidacy in the future?
When did BONN say he did not expect that Turkey would be admitted into the European Union ``in foreseeable future''?
What did not rule out Turkey's candidacy in the future?
Who did BONN say Monday did not expect that Turkey would be admitted into the European Union ``in foreseeable future''?
Who have the relations between Turkey and EU been soured after?
What did BONN say Monday into?
Where did Kinkel stress Germany wanted to strengthen relations with the country despite the EU membership dispute with Turkey?
What did Kinkel stress Germany wanted to strengthen relations with the country in all areas despite?
What did they not rule out in the future?
When did they not rule out its candidacy?
Who has blamed German Chancellor Helmut Kohl for blocking Turkey's entry into the EU due to its Islamic background?
When was BONN?
Who has Turkey's Prime Minister Mesut Yilmaz blamed for blocking Turkey's entry into the EU due to its Islamic background?
What did relations not rule out in the future?
What did Kinkel stress with despite the EU membership dispute with Turkey?
Who did not rule out its candidacy in the future?
What was May 25-- German Foreign Minister Klaus Kinkel?
What have been soured after EU leaders decided last December not to accept Turkey as an official new member candidate?
Who stressed Germany wanted to strengthen relations with the country in all areas despite the EU membership dispute with Turkey?
What did BONN say Monday he did not expect into?
What did Kinkel stress wanted to strengthen relations with the country in all areas despite the EU membership dispute with Turkey?
What did Kinkel stress Germany wanted to strengthen with the country in all areas despite the EU membership dispute with Turkey?
What did Pangalos deliver a speech at the Balkan Foreign Ministerial Meeting opening Monday morning in?
Who said that its efforts for full EU membership should be encouraged?
Who noted that Today's reality is different?
What did Pangalos say that Turkey is?
What did the EU Luxembourg summit say that the European body made on the basis of ``a discriminative attitude'' toward the Muslim country?
What did Pangalos deliver Meeting opening Monday morning in Turkey's largest city of Istanbul?
What did ISTANBUL say here Monday that Greece has?
What has Turkey repeatedly accused?
Where did Pangalos deliver a speech at the Balkan Foreign Ministerial Meeting opening Monday morning?
What has always supported the European orientation of Turkey?
What did ISTANBUL say here Monday?
Who delivered a speech at the Balkan Foreign Ministerial Meeting opening Monday morning in Turkey's largest city of Istanbul?
What can participation of Turkey in the European Conference be?
What will Regional security be taken up at?
What did the EU Luxembourg summit say that the European body made this decision on?
Who said that Turkey's efforts for full EU membership should be encouraged?
When did ISTANBUL say that Greece has no intention of preventing Turkey from being admitted into the European Union?
What did Pangalos say?
What will be taken up at the two-day foreign ministerial meeting of the Balkan countries?
What can be a successful first step?
What has repeatedly accused Greece of undermining Turkey's efforts for EU membership?
What has Greece always supported the European orientation of?
What have Greece and Turkey long been at odds over?
What have Greece and Turkey long been at over the Aegean Sea and the Cyprus issue?
What halted its political dialog with the EU last December when the EU Luxembourg summit excluded Turkey from the ranks of candidates for its enlargement process?
What have long been at odds over the Aegean Sea and the Cyprus issue?
What said here Monday that Greece has no intention of preventing Turkey from being admitted into the European Union?
When was ISTANBUL?
What did Panglos say Greece is opposed to?
What is rejected by Athens?
What has Greece always supported?
What is the charge rejected by?
What did the EU Luxembourg summit say on?
What said that the European body made this decision on the basis of ``a discriminative attitude'' toward the Muslim country?
What did Ankara halt its political dialog with last December when the EU Luxembourg summit excluded Turkey from the ranks of candidates for its enlargement process?
What did he note?
Whose efforts for full EU membership did Pangalos say?
Who said Greece is opposed to the view that the European Union is limited by historic or religious traditions?
Who said that Turkey is an European nation?
What was June 8-- Greek Foreign Minister Theodoros Pangalos?
What did Panglos say is opposed to the view that the European Union is limited by historic or religious traditions?
What did greek Foreign Minister Theodoros Pangalos note?
What has said that it supports Turkey's European vocation?
Whose European vocation has Greece said?
When was the European Commission's proposal for the release of the EU funds to Turkey Commissioner Hans Van Den Broek, approved?
Whose European vocation has Greece said that it supports?
What blocked an aid package worth 450 million dollars accompanying the EU-Turkey customs union in 1996?
What has Greece said?
What must Ankara improve?
What was Turkey raised by?
What will prevent Greece from exercising its right to veto by introducing a new regulation terming Turkey a developing country?
Who attributed the commission's decision to ``expediencies?''
What must improve both its human rights record and its relations with Athens?
What was raised by External Affairs?
What did Greece warn to?
Who said that Greece would increase its bilateral contacts in order to promote the country's national interests in the most effective way?
What did Greece block in 1996?
What did the spokesman say in?
What did Dimitris Reppas attribute the commission's decision to?''
What did the spokesman say that Greece would increase its bilateral contacts in to promote the country's national interests in the most effective way?
What requires only a special majority for approval by the EU Council of Ministers?
What did Greece warn that it would refer to the European Court of Justice?
What will the commission's plan prevent from exercising its right to veto by introducing a new regulation terming Turkey a developing country?
What must improve both record's human rights record and its relations with Athens?
Who was the press briefing?
What did the spokesman say that Greece would increase its bilateral contacts in order to promote in the most effective way?
What has Greece said that it supports?
What does the developing country require only?
What was Greek government spokesman?
What warned that it would refer the European Commission to the European Court of Justice?
When did Greece block an aid package worth 450 million dollars accompanying the EU-Turkey customs union?
What was October 22-- Greece?
What did the spokesman say that Greece would increase in order to promote the country's national interests in the most effective way?
Who added?
What was approved Wednesday?
What did the spokesman say that Greece would increase its bilateral contacts in order to promote the country's national interests in?
What did Greece warn that it would refer the European Commission to?
When was ATHENS?
What did Dimitris Reppas attribute to ``expediencies?''
What may help its bid to join the European Union?
When did ROME say that Italy expects Ocalan's trial in Turkey will meet standards and guarantees laid down by the Council of Europe?
What were the main stumbling block to its EU ambitions?
Who added that Italy and the European Union condemned all forms of terrorism and urged Kurds everywhere to refrain from violent protest against Ocalan's capture?
What did turkish Prime Minister Bulent Ecevit announce Tuesday that Ocalan was brought to Turkey from?
What did ROME say Tuesday that Italy expects Ocalan's trial in Turkey will meet?
What was February 16-- Italian Foreign Minister Lamberto Dini?
What could test Turkey's ability to meet European standards?
What did he say Italy would continue to support that bid as long as Turkey moves closer to Europe on?
Whose trial in Turkey did ROME say Tuesday?
What did italian Foreign Minister Lamberto Dini say Italy would continue to support that bid as long as Turkey moves closer to Europe on?
What may the Ocalan case help?
What did he say would continue to support that bid as long as Turkey moves closer to Europe on human and civil rights and the treatment of minorities?
Whose trial in Turkey did ROME say Tuesday that Italy expects?
What did ROME say Tuesday that Italy expects will meet standards and guarantees laid down by the Council of Europe?
Who announced Tuesday that Ocalan was brought to Turkey from Nairobi?
What were minorities?
What did italian Foreign Minister Lamberto Dini say?
When was ROME?
What said Tuesday that Italy expects Ocalan's trial in Turkey will meet standards and guarantees laid down by the Council of Europe?
Who said Italy would continue to support that bid as long as Turkey moves closer to Europe on human and civil rights and the treatment of minorities?
What did ROME say Tuesday?
Who did turkish Prime Minister Bulent Ecevit announce Tuesday to?
Whose trial in Turkey did ROME say Tuesday that Italy expects will meet standards and guarantees laid down by the Council of Europe?
What did italian Foreign Minister Lamberto Dini say to?
What could the Ocalan case test?
When did turkish Prime Minister Bulent Ecevit announce that Ocalan was brought to Turkey from Nairobi?
Whose ability to meet European standards could the Ocalan case test?
What did he say Italy would continue to support as long as Turkey moves closer to Europe on human and civil rights and the treatment of minorities?
What did Ocalan's Italian lawyers confirm to?
What did ROME say Tuesday that Italy expects?
Where did Ocalan's Italian lawyers confirm?
What did he say to?
Who did turkish Prime Minister Bulent Ecevit announce Tuesday that Ocalan was brought to from Nairobi?
Who was Kenya?
What did he say that those conventions do not envisage?
Who said that those conventions do not envisage the death penalty?
What did he say?
What did Dini add from?
What did italian Foreign Minister Lamberto Dini say that those conventions do not envisage?
What was Turkey?
What stopped short of letting it join the grouping among the first batch of countries?
What granted a 2-million-euro emergency aid to Turkey?
When is BRUSSELS?
What did the EU grant?
What with the union went awry after the union stopped short of letting it join the grouping among the first batch of countries?
What are senior officials of the bloc scheduled to visit on Wednesday?
What is August 25-- The European Union?
What is serving the rotating presidency of the European Union?
What is considering granting a second emergency aid to quake-stricken Turkey as senior officials of the bloc are scheduled to visit the country on Wednesday?
Whose country is serving the rotating presidency of the European Union?
What are they to assess?
Who are scheduled to visit the country on Wednesday?
What is to discuss on Thursday the granting of a second aid package which is said to be similar in amount to the first one?
What are finnish Foreign Minister Tarja Halonen to assess?
What has the August 17 earthquake so far claimed?
What are to assess the damage caused by the August 17 earthquake?
When are senior officials of the bloc scheduled to visit the country?
Who are to meet in Ankara with Turkish Prime Minister Bulent Ecevit and Foreign Minister Ismail Cem?
What has so far claimed a death toll of more than 12,000 people in northwestern Turkey, and plans of EU's aid to rehabilitate?
What is also to discuss in September a more elaborate action plan to support Turkey?
Who are to assess the damage caused by the August 17 earthquake?
What did Dini say will have to ``recognize Turkey's right to bear the title of candidate of the union'' at its December meeting in Helsinki?
When was ROME?
Whose right to bear the title of candidate of the union'' did Dini say the EU will have to ``recognize at its December meeting in Helsinki?
What did the Italian foreign minister add in?
Who said the EU will have to ``recognize Turkey's right to bear the title of candidate of the union'' at its December meeting in Helsinki?
What did Dini say at?
Whose right to bear the title of candidate of the union'' did Dini say at?
What did Dini talk with?
Who added that in the face of the recent devastating earthquake in Turkey, the EU ``cannot further delay the choice'' for Ankara?
Who talked with the financial daily Il Sole 24 Ore?
What did Dini tell, ``In light of the recent tragedies, the economy of a great Mediterranean country is at risk''?
Who told the newspaper, ``In light of the recent tragedies, the economy of a great Mediterranean country is at risk''?
What did Dini say the EU will have to ``recognize Turkey's right to bear the title of candidate of the union'' at?
What did Dini say the EU will have to ``recognize at its December meeting in Helsinki?
What said Italian Foreign Minister Lamberto Dini Tuesday?
What was August 31?
What did ATHENS say Friday?
What is the condition?
What will Greece in the near future partially lift on EU funding for Turkey after the devastating earthquake in northwestern Turkey?
What is that Ankara must improve Greece's human rights record and its relations with Athens?
When will Greece partially lift the condition's veto on EU funding for Turkey after the devastating earthquake in northwestern Turkey?
What did Papandreou say that Greece wanted to see as a candidate country?
What is the condition that Ankara must improve?
When did ATHENS say that his country was keen to see neighboring Turkey become a candidate for European Union membership?
What will in the near future partially lift its veto on EU funding for Turkey after the devastating earthquake in northwestern Turkey?
What has the devastating earthquake in northwestern Turkey claimed thousands of?
What has Greece repeatedly said that it supports Turkey in?
What has also consistently blocked the more than 1-billion U. S. dollars EU financial aid to Turkey?
What did Papandreou speak after?
What did he note if Turkey was ready to undertake these responsibilities, had no objection to helping?
Who is Greece and Turkey?
Who said that Greece wanted to see Turkey as a candidate country?
What did Papandreou say that Turkey and Greece's partners could not overlook?
What has repeatedly said that it supports Turkey in Ankara's efforts to join EU?
Who has Greece repeatedly said that it supports in its efforts to join EU?
What will Greece in the near future partially lift its veto on EU funding for Turkey after?
What have Greece and Turkey been at odds over their disputes in for decades?
What will Greece in the near future partially lift the condition's veto on after the devastating earthquake in northwestern Turkey?
Who said that Turkey and Greece's partners could not overlook the fact that the neighboring country had responsibilities and obligations?
What did greek Foreign Minister George Papandreou note if Turkey was ready to undertake these responsibilities, Greece had?
Who spoke after meeting with Greek President Costis Stephanopoulos?
Whose country did ATHENS say Friday?
What did greek Foreign Minister George Papandreou note if Turkey was ready to undertake these responsibilities, had no objection to helping?
What will in the near future partially lift the condition's veto on EU funding for Turkey after the devastating earthquake in northwestern Turkey?
When did ATHENS say that greek Foreign Minister George Papandreou's country was keen to see neighboring Turkey become a candidate for European Union membership?
When will Greece partially lift its veto on EU funding for Turkey after the devastating earthquake in northwestern Turkey?
Who has Greece repeatedly said that it supports in Ankara's efforts to join EU?
What will Greece in the near future partially lift the condition's veto on EU funding for Turkey after?
What is that Ankara must improve its human rights record and its relations with Athens?
What did he note if Turkey was ready to undertake these responsibilities, Greece had?
What is both NATO members?
What has the devastating earthquake in northwestern Turkey claimed?
What has Greece repeatedly said in?
What said Friday that his country was keen to see neighboring Turkey become a candidate for European Union membership?
What did Papandreou say as?
What has claimed thousands of lives?
What was September 3-- Greek Foreign Minister George Papandreou?
What did Papandreou say?
What did Papandreou say that Greece wanted to see Turkey as?
What has repeatedly said that it supports Turkey in its efforts to join EU?
Who noted if Turkey was ready to undertake these responsibilities, Greece had no objection to helping?
When was ATHENS?
What said Friday that greek Foreign Minister George Papandreou's country was keen to see neighboring Turkey become a candidate for European Union membership?
What will Greece in the near future partially lift its veto on after the devastating earthquake in northwestern Turkey?
What did hurriyet:-- Turkish parliament Wednesday pass?''
What increased by 8. 37 percent to 1. 9 billion dollars in January 2000 in comparison to the same month last year?
What is February 3-- The following?
What has the country realized?
What has the country realized that bribe has?
What was the largest growth in exports experienced by?
What will make Turkey accept bribe as an international crime?
What has the country realized that bribe has spoiled the economic structure of?
When is ANKARA?
What did this move indicate?
What has realized that bribe has spoiled the economic structure of developing countries?
What was the automotive sector followed by?
When did turkish Daily News:-- Turkey's exports increase by 8. 37 percent to 1. 9 billion dollars in comparison to the same month last year?
How many U. S. dollars in loans to Turkey is the European Union extending?
What will this law make Turkey accept bribe as?
What did this move indicate the first step of?
Who passed a legislation for ``the Convention to Prevent Bribe Given to Foreign Public Servants in International Trade Transactions?''
Who will this law make accept bribe as an international crime?
What was experienced by the automotive sector?
What indicated the first step of the financial cooperation between EU and Turkey?
What will this law make Turkey accept as an international crime?
What did turkish Daily News:-- Turkey's exports increase by 8. 37 percent to in January 2000 in comparison to the same month last year?
What is extending 750 million U. S. dollars in loans to Turkey?
What did turkish Daily News:-- Turkey's exports increase by 8. 37 percent to 1. 9 billion dollars in January 2000 in comparison to?
What are ANKARA on Thursday?
What are major news items in leading Turkish newspapers on Thursday?
What is the European Union extending?
What did turkish Daily News:-- Turkey's exports increase by to 1. 9 billion dollars in January 2000 in comparison to the same month last year?
What is the initial fruits for Turkey to be accepted as a candidate of EU membership at Helsinki summit last December?
What did turkish Daily News:-- Turkey's exports increase by 8. 37 percent to 1. 9 billion dollars in January 2000 in to the same month last year?
When are ANKARA major news items in leading Turkish newspapers?
What was followed by electronics and leather goods?
What did the European Union speak highly of?
What did both Solbes and Onal express?
When was its demand turned away by the European Union?
What is Turkey?
What spoke highly of Turkey's accession-oriented achievements?
What was turned away by the European Union in December 1997 that led to a deterioration of bilateral relations?
What is a member of the North Atlantic Treaty Organization?
Whose accession-oriented achievements did the European Union speak highly of?
What was Turkey's demand turned away by in December 1997 that led to a deterioration of bilateral relations?
When was Turkey's demand turned away by the European Union?
What was the emphasis of the meeting put on?
What did the European Commission say Wednesday have met here to discuss the latter's prospect of accession to the 15-nation western bloc?
When did the European Commission say bRUSSELS-- The European Union and Turkey have met here to discuss the latter's prospect of accession to the 15-nation western bloc?
What was its demand turned away by in December 1997 that led to a deterioration of bilateral relations?
What did the European Commission say Wednesday bRUSSELS-- The European Union and Turkey have met here to discuss?
What is the bilateral meeting held Tuesday between?
When had Turkey been asking to join the European Union?
What has the EU started?
What is Turkey a member of?
What was put on the importance of the assistance the EU nations would give Turkey during the pre-accession period?
What said Wednesday bRUSSELS-- The European Union and Turkey have met here to discuss the latter's prospect of accession to the 15-nation western bloc?
What had been asking for three decades to join the European Union?
What has started official accession negotiations with the 12 countries?
What did not do the same with Turkey?
What did the European Commission say Wednesday bRUSSELS-- The European Union and Turkey have met here to discuss the latter's prospect of?
When is the bilateral meeting held between EU Economy and Finance Commissioner Pedro Solbes Mira and Turkish Economy Minister Recep Onal?
What were March 1?
Who did the EU not do the same with?
What did the EU not do with Turkey?
When were bRUSSELS?
What is held Tuesday between EU Economy and Finance Commissioner Pedro Solbes Mira and Turkish Economy Minister Recep Onal?
What have been criticizing the human rights record of the country that strides over two continents?
What are bRUSSELS-- The east and central European countries applying for European Union membership requested to inform their citizens about?
When are bRUSSELS?
How many others are preparing for later dates?
What said, ``The accession to the European Union of the central and eastern European countries gives rise to expectations as well as fears''?
What is the objective and reasoned way of?
What did the commission also urge EU member states to communicate to their citizens as well?
Who are bRUSSELS-- The east and central European countries applying for European Union membership requested to inform about their move and the consequence?
What was the request put forward in?
Who would not be specific on the dates the applicant countries would be admitted into the union?
Who did the commission also urge EU member states to communicate the reasons for enlargement to as well?
When would reding not be specific?
When would he not be specific?
Who added that 10 of the 12 applicant countries are preparing for that date while two others are preparing for later dates?
When did reding add?
What are requested to inform their citizens about their move and the consequence?
What also urged EU member states to communicate the reasons for enlargement to their citizens as well?
What was put forward in a communication strategy made public here on Thursday by the commission?
Who are preparing for later dates?
What are May 11?
What is of the stakes and the challenges of enlargement?
What did the commission also urge to communicate the reasons for enlargement to their citizens as well?
When did reding add that 10 of the 12 applicant countries are preparing while two others are preparing for later dates?
When are two others preparing?
When did he add that 10 of the 12 applicant countries are preparing while two others are preparing for later dates?
When did he add?
What did turkish defense officials say since?
Who would the EU exclude?
What did turkish Daily News report on Wednesday with?
What was the active contributor to?
What does a European defense mechanism warn the EU not to take for?
What was France?
What called on EU members to reverse its decision at its next summit in Nice in December in a statement?
What would the EU be independent of?
What does the U. S. fear will take the place of the NATO and reduce Washington's role in the European security affairs?
What is for EU-led operations?
Who was within the framework of NATO?
What is angry over the European Union's decision to exclude it from a European defense mechanism?
What did Turkey insist that it wants to be involved in?
What had Turkey also sent to 11 EU countries which are also NATO members over objections's approach to the ESDI?
What did Turkey not want to see?
What warns the EU not to take for granted the use of the North Atlantic Treaty Organization facilities in Turkey?
What did turkish Foreign Ministry call on EU members to reverse at its next summit in Nice in December in a statement?
What did turkish Daily News report on Wednesday that Ankara was ``not satisfied with to exclude non-EU members from the so-called European Security and Defense Identity?
What had Turkey also sent a diplomatic note of warning at the end of May to?
Who said Ankara has been an active contributor since the Cold War and should not be excluded from a European security and defense architecture?
What is a NATO member and EU candidate?
What stressed that it was not like other non-EU NATO members and had contributed much to European security both in the Cold War and post-Cold War eras?
Who were like the proposed ESDI?
What would the EU be?
What was the active contributor within?
Who were like itself?
What has Turkey endeavored to join the European defense mechanism with?
Who did turkish Foreign Ministry call on to reverse its decision at its next summit in Nice in December in a statement?
What did Turkey voice objections to the ESDI on?
What would be independent of the United States-led NATO?
When did turkish Foreign Ministry call on EU members to reverse its decision at its next summit in Nice in a statement?
Who was to European security?
What had also sent a diplomatic note of warning at the end of May to 11 EU countries which are also NATO members over their approach to the ESDI?
Who did Turkey stress like?
What fears the ESDI will take the place of the NATO and reduce Washington's role in the European security affairs?
What does a European defense mechanism warn not to take for granted the use of the North Atlantic Treaty Organization facilities in Turkey?
What did Turkey voice objections to on the grounds that non-EU members would be excluded?
What would exclude non-EU members?
What is the European defense mechanism for?
When is ANKARA?
What was Nice?
Who was commissioner for EU foreign and security affairs?
What has endeavored to join the European defense mechanism with the support of the U. S.?
What did not want to see its role reduced in the European security with the evolving structure of the ESDI?
What voiced objections to the ESDI on the grounds that non-EU members would be excluded?
What did Turkey voice to the ESDI on the grounds that non-EU members would be excluded?
What is angry over the European Union's decision to exclude the European Union from a European defense mechanism?
What were non-EU members like?
Who is Turkey?
What had Turkey also sent to 11 EU countries which are also NATO members over their approach to the ESDI?
What is June 21-- Turkey?
What does the U. S. fear?
What did turkish defense officials say has been an active contributor since the Cold War and should not be excluded from a European security and defense architecture?
What did Turkey insist in?
What did turkish Foreign Ministry call on EU members to reverse its decision at in December in a statement?
Who visited Ankara early this month?
Who was Javier Solana?
What insisted that it wants to be involved in the decision- making process?
What has Turkey endeavored to join with the support of the U. S.?
What did turkish Foreign Ministry call on EU members to reverse its decision at its next summit in Nice in December in?
What is ANKARA angry over?
