What was March 27?
What was Fernandes speaking to the press on?
Who was speaking to the press on the water shortage problem in Luanda?
What did the Luanda provincial governor Justino Fernandes say that the government was short of?
When was LUANDA?
What is the government the 10th day today?
What resulted from the cut-off of power supply to the water plant in the suburbs as large rain fell down two high-voltage power supply towers?
Who said here today?
What fell down two high-voltage power supply towers?
When was needed to completely get rid of water shortage in the Angolan capital?
What is it the 10th day today?
What did the Luanda provincial governor Justino Fernandes say?
What is the 10th day today that water supply in Luanda has suspended?
When did the Luanda provincial governor Justino Fernandes say?
What did large rain fall down?
What did such a suspension of water supply result from to the water plant in the suburbs as large rain fell down two high-voltage power supply towers?
What was Fernandes speaking to on the water shortage problem in Luanda?
What did such a suspension of water supply result from the cut-off of power supply to as large rain fell down two high-voltage power supply towers?
What did the Luanda provincial governor Justino Fernandes say that the government was?
What did he say that the government was?
What did he say that the government was short of?
What did he say?
What did sources from the city's Water and Sewerage Authority say was about 815 million liters through 205 deep tube-wells?
What did the officials hold no optimism about before a new water treatment plant starts operation?
How many liters did sources from the city's Water and Sewerage Authority say its daily water supply at present was through 205 deep tube-wells?
What were the city's Water and Sewerage Authority's surrounding areas the worst hit by?
Where has the onset of the summer heat further drained the ground water while adding to the sufferings of some 6 million thirsty residents in the old city?
What did they say?
What is DHAKA-- The Bangladeshi capital of Dhaka going alarmingly dry because of?
What said its daily water supply at present was about 815 million liters through 205 deep tube-wells?
What were its surrounding areas the worst hit by?
What to meet the demand?
What did officials concerned note?
What were the city's Water and Sewerage Authority's surrounding areas hit by the water shortage?
What were the worst hit by the water shortage?
Who said the densely populated old city of Dhaka?
What were 205 deep tube-wells?
What is April 19?
What WASA to meet?
Who noted that the loss of water in the obsolete system and facilities made it even more difficult for WASA to meet the demand?
What has the onset of the summer heat further drained the ground water in while adding to the sufferings of some 6 million thirsty residents in the old city?
What starts operation?
What has further drained the ground water in Dhaka while adding to the sufferings of some 6 million thirsty residents in the old city?
Whose surrounding areas were the worst hit by the water shortage?
What has the onset of the summer heat further drained in Dhaka while adding to the sufferings of some 6 million thirsty residents in the old city?
What did sources from the city's Water and Sewerage Authority say its daily water supply at present was through 205 deep tube-wells?
What did they say the densely populated old city of?
When is DHAKA?
Who did sources from the city's Water and Sewerage Authority say its daily water supply at present was about 815 million liters through?
What did officials concerned say the densely populated old city of?
What did officials concerned note that the loss of water in the obsolete system and facilities made even more difficult for WASA to meet the demand?
What is going alarmingly dry because of a serious shortage of water supply with no sign of immediate improvement?
What did the officials hold before a new water treatment plant starts operation?
What does a new water treatment plant start?
Who held no optimism about an easy solution to the problem before a new water treatment plant starts operation?
What said the densely populated old city of Dhaka?
What were well short of the daily demand of 1. 29 billion liters in Dhaka?
How many deep tube-wells were well short of the daily demand of 1. 29 billion liters in Dhaka?
What were 205 deep tube-wells well short of?
What did officials concerned say?
Who did sources from the city's Water and Sewerage Authority say through?
What were its surrounding areas hit by the water shortage?
What will the project divert from the Wangyao Reservoir from the city's urban area?
What has shortage of water long plagued?
What does it include the construction of?
What was present?
What is scheduled to be completed in 1998?
When will xI be launched to solve the water shortage problem for Yan ` an?
What will the project be built by?
What will be launched this year to solve the water shortage problem for Yan ` an?
What will be built by the Ministry of Water Conservancy and the province?
What needed at present there is only 30,000 tons daily?
What does a project include the construction of?
What does it include?
What will the project divert water from the Wangyao Reservoir from?
When did half the amount need there is only 30,000 tons daily?
When is the shortage of water particularly acute?
What has long plagued the daily lives of the 180,000 people of Yan ` an, not to mention the city's economic development?
What will divert water from the Wangyao Reservoir from the city's urban area?
Who will the project divert water from from the city's urban area?
What does a project include?
What has shortage of water long plagued the daily lives of ` an, not to mention the city's economic development?
When was the water supply capacity?
What is particularly acute in dry seasons?
What will HANGZHOU-- East China's Zhejiang province spend on building water supply projects to meet the urban needs in the coming five years?
When did a provincial official say that the water shortage caused the province's industrial output value to decrease by 3. 6 billion yuan?
Who said that the water shortage caused the province's industrial output value to decrease by 3. 6 billion yuan last year?
What increases funds in constructing more water supply facilities?
What did the official say that the main reason for the water shortage was in building water supply projects?
What does the provincial government increase in constructing more water supply facilities?
What are short of drinking water supply?
Who said that the main reason for the water shortage was inadequate government investment in building water supply projects?
What are people in a number of cities and counties?
What did a provincial official say that the water shortage caused by?
What has decided to raise funds through different channels including overseas investment for such undertakings?
What has the provincial government decided to raise through different channels including overseas investment for such undertakings?
What did a provincial official say that the water shortage caused value to decrease by 3. 6 billion yuan last year?
What did a provincial official say by?
What has the provincial government decided to raise funds through?
What did a provincial official say that the water shortage caused the province's industrial output value to decrease by last year?
What will spend 7. 1 billion yuan on building water supply projects to meet the urban needs in the coming five years?
What did the official say?
How many categories were the reduction of water supply and the increase of water reserves?
What do the measures also include?
What did petrides say Minister for Agriculture, Natural Resources and Environment Costas Petrides's ministry will launch?
What is widely believed here that water shortage would be eased to a great extent once these plants become fully operational?
What did petrides say his ministry will launch?
What become fully operational?
What are the island's water reserves currently at?
What did petrides call on the public to make?
When called for urgent water supply cuts to deal with the severe water shortage which followed a dry winter?
Who noted strict measures are ``the only solution''?
What has decided to impose strict measures to save fresh water as the island's water reserves are currently at the lowest level since 1986?
Who said Minister for Agriculture, Natural Resources and Environment Costas Petrides's ministry will launch an intensive campaign to increase public awareness of the problem?
What is being constructed on the island?
Who classified the measures to ease water shortage in three categories available?
What would a study be carried out for for watering gardens?
Who said water shortage will be solved ``if we develop an increased awareness on water saving?''
What did the Minister note strict measures are ?
What will be operational in April?
What are a further two similar plants also envisaged for?
What does 20 percent mean?
What were the reduction of water supply and the increase of water reserves?
What was there's better saving?
Whose ministry did petrides say?
When will the first desalination plant be operational?
What did petrides say will launch an intensive campaign to increase public awareness of the problem?
What continues?
What did petrides say?
What did the minister say will be solved ``if we develop an increased awareness on water saving?''
What will be cut by 20 percent last year?
When is NICOSIA?
What did today call for to deal with the severe water shortage which followed a dry winter?
What did the Minister note?
What will be cut by up to 70 percent compared with 35 percent the year before?
What are also envisaged for Limassol and Paphos areas?
What were three categories?
What means water will be supplied only three days a week?
What does this East Mediterranean island rely mainly on?
What is the first desalination plant being constructed on?
What will be completed by 1998?
How many further similar plants are also envisaged for Limassol and Paphos areas?
What did the Minister note are ``the only solution''?
What did the minister say?''
What will Water for farming purposes be cut by compared with 35 percent the year before?
What would be carried out for recycling of households water for watering gardens?
What did the minister say water shortage will be solved ``?''
What is January 9-- Cyprus?
Whose ministry did petrides say will launch an intensive campaign to increase public awareness of the problem?
What did today call for urgent water supply cuts to deal with?
What did petrides classify available?
When will water supply to households be cut by 20 percent?
What are currently at the lowest level since 1986?
What approved Wednesday a plan for setting up a second desalination plant near the southern town of Larnaca?
What does 20 percent mean will be supplied only three days a week?
What has NICOSIA decided to impose?
What was its better saving?
Who called on the public to make ``painful saving'' of water?
What did petrides call on the public to make ``painful saving'' of?
What was water supply?
What also include higher fines against people who waste water?
What relies mainly on rainfall for is water supply?
What would a study be carried out for recycling of households water for?
What did petrides call on to make ``painful saving'' of water?
What will water supply to households be cut by last year?
Who said?
When will the second desalination plant near the southern town of Larnaca be completed?
Who said his ministry will launch an intensive campaign to increase public awareness of the problem?
If the current level of consumption continues unrestricted who warned today?
What did he say a recent study showed that there is more than enough water available in to meet the increasing demand of all towns in the province?
What did Asmal assure that the Free State would not be deprived of if water is transferred from Orange River to the Vaal Dam?
If the current level of consumption continues unrestricted when did Water Affairs and Forestry Minister Kader Asmal warn?
What did he say a recent study showed that there is more than available in the Orange River to meet the increasing demand of all towns in the province?
What imposed temporary punitive water tariff on residents in big cities such as Greater Johannesburg owing to a short water supply of the Vaal Dam?
What did Asmal assure of?
What did South Africa impose on residents in big cities such as Greater Johannesburg owing to a short water supply of the Vaal Dam?
What did he say showed that there is more than enough water available in the Orange River to meet the increasing demand of all towns in the province?
What did Water Affairs and Forestry Minister Kader Asmal say than?
What is reported that irrigation sector of South Africa's commercial farming in some provinces would be affected by the new measures?
What was February 3--?
Who was the Vaal Dam?
What are currently supplied from this River?
Who said South Africa's capacity for social and economic development would be seriously affected by the prospect of water shortage?
Who addressed a meeting in Bloemfontein?
What did the Minister say in this regard, is expected to be in operation in the near future?
What did Asmal say on?
What did Asmal say would be seriously affected by the prospect of water shortage?
What did Asmal address?
What did Asmal say by?
What did he say a recent study showed than?
What are the province currently supplied from?
What is it reported that irrigation sector of South Africa's commercial farming in some provinces would be affected by?
What is a new water pricing policy reported that irrigation sector of South Africa's commercial farming in some provinces would be affected by?
What was a major water supplier of Gauteng Province?
What did he say than?
When was JOHANNESBURG?
What did Asmal say South Africa's capacity for social and economic development would be seriously affected by?
What did the Minister say in, a new water pricing policy is expected to be in operation in the near future?
What is a new water pricing policy reported by?
What was the Vaal Dam a major water supplier of?
What is it reported by?
Who assured that the Free State would not be deprived of its water resources if water is transferred from Orange River to the Vaal Dam?
Who said in this regard, a new water pricing policy is expected to be in operation in the near future?
Who did South Africa impose temporary punitive water tariff on owing to a short water supply of the Vaal Dam?
What did Water Affairs and Forestry Minister Kader Asmal say a recent study showed than?
Who said a recent study showed that there is more than enough water available in the Orange River to meet the increasing demand of all towns in the province?
What are the Free State Province?
What are the provinces?
How many wells at Akaki were about 20 kilometers?
What was Tadesse Kebede general manager of?
What will Addis Ababa supply 75,000 cubic meters of daily to the capital city?
What did 18 water supply projects add that one of such projects involved the sinking of from Addis Ababa?
When was ADDIS ABABA?
What were 25 wells at Akaki?
When did Tadesse say 18 water supply projects are underway?
What did Tadesse say are underway at various stages?
How many cubic meters of water will Addis Ababa supply daily to the capital city?
Where will Addis Ababa supply 75,000 cubic meters of water daily?
When did Tadesse say?
What will supply 75,000 cubic meters of water daily to the capital city?
What announced that the shortage of potable water in the capital city of Ethiopia will be solved in the last quarter of this year?
What did 18 water supply projects add that one of such projects involved from Addis Ababa?
What supplies only 60 percent of the city's potable water demand?
What did 18 water supply projects add from?
What does the authority supply only 60 percent of?
What does the authority supply?
When did ADDIS ABABA announce?
Who was the announcement made by?
What was made by Tadesse Kebede?
Who said 18 water supply projects are underway at various stages?
What will Addis Ababa supply daily to the capital city?
What added that one of such projects involved the sinking of 25 wells at Akaki from Addis Ababa?
What was February 11-- The Addis Ababa Regional Water and Sewerage Authority?
How many kilometers were 25 wells at Akaki?
How many water supply projects added that one of such projects involved the sinking of 25 wells at Akaki from Addis Ababa?
What will Addis Ababa supply 75,000 cubic meters of water daily to?
When did ADDIS ABABA announce that the shortage of potable water in the capital city of Ethiopia will be solved?
How many water supply projects did Tadesse say are underway at various stages?
What did 18 water supply projects add that one of such projects involved the sinking of 25 wells at Akaki from?
Who was general manager of the authority?
What were about 20 kilometers?
Who was Tadesse Kebede?
What was June 12-- Iranian President Akbar Hashemi Rafsanjani?
What is on the juncture of Damavand and Jajroud rivers?
What are Damavand and Jajroud rivers?
What will be completed by the year 2001?
What has a designed capacity of 250 million cubic meters of water which will irrigate 5,400 hectares of farmland?
What did today pick for Mamloo reservoir dam near Tehran?
What will also operate a 8. 5 megawatt hydro-electric power plant?
What was Tehran?
What will construction of Mamloo dam and the power plant cost?
What will it also operate?
What did the president say?
What will Mamloo reservoir dam near Tehran, a project designed to alleviate the water shortage problem in the capital also operate?
When picked the ground for Mamloo reservoir dam near Tehran?
What does the dam have?
What was a project designed to alleviate the water shortage problem in the capital?
What is the capital city supplied with water from in the east of the city?
What will cost 180 billion rials?
When will the power plant be completed?
What are 40 kilometers east of Tehran?
Who said that the main obstacle in the way of development of Tehran is water shortage?
What did today pick the ground for?
When was TEHRAN?
What is the capital city supplied with from two main reservoirs-- one in the west and the other in the east of the city?
What is the capital city supplied with water from two main reservoirs-- one in the west and the other in?
Who spoke at the site of the dam?
Where did the president speak?
What is the dam on?
What are Damavand and Jajroud rivers 40 kilometers east of?
How many kilometers east of Tehran are Damavand and Jajroud rivers?
What did the president say that the main obstacle in the way of development of Tehran is?
What did the president speak at?
How many rials will construction of Mamloo dam and the power plant cost?
What does the dam have a designed capacity of which will irrigate 5,400 hectares of farmland?
Who added?
What is supplied with water from two main reservoirs-- one in the west and the other in the east of the city?
What can provide enough water for 80,000 people?
What have XI drilled well in northern Shaanxi Province in northwest China?
What is high-quality water?
Where have XI drilled a 700-m high-output well in northwest China?
What will the well help deal with?
What does the water contain?
What will the well help with?
What can a 700-m high-output provide enough water for?
What contains various mineral elements?
What can it provide for 80,000 people?
What have XI drilled a 700-m high-output well in in northwest China?
What have XI drilled a 700-m high-output well in northern Shaanxi Province in?
What well will help deal with the severe water shortage problem in Fuping county?
What can the well provide?
What is the 700-m high-output?
What is 41 degrees C.?
What can provide 13,300 cu?
What have drilled a 700-m high-output well in northern Shaanxi Province in northwest China?
What well will help with the search for new water sources in water-short northwest China?
What can it provide enough water for?
Where have XI drilled a 700-m high-output well in northern Shaanxi Province?
What can a 700-m high-output provide for 80,000 people?
When did Barbers add is necessary to ``do everything possible to alleviate the adverse effects of the El Nino''?
What was the meantime reported in?
What was specially the shortage of water?
What did Barbers order all regional offices under to undertake an information campaign to disseminate water conservation measures in the meantime?
What did Barbers say that local government units should lead in the drive to conserve water and take necessary steps to protect the country's water resources in?
What were fountains?
What did Barbers order all regional offices under his department to undertake an information campaign to disseminate water conservation measures in?
What was the meantime reported that water shortage brought by the El Nino weather phenomenon will be very serious in?
What did Barbers say in in the wake of President Fidel Ramos ' call to respond to El Nino?
What did barbers say can enact ordinances banning the drawing of water from communal waterworks system for watering lawns and for pressurized car washes?
What were watering lawns?
What did barbers say from?
What did Barbers order all regional offices under his department to undertake in the meantime?
Who did today call on to immediately implement contingency measures to cushion the effects of El Nino?
What did he also urge to monitor the use of all public deep wells and springs to ensure that the water from these sources are properly utilized?
What were parks?
Where was it reported that water shortage brought by the El Nino weather phenomenon will be very serious?
What did Barbers order all regional offices under to explain the El Nino phenomenon in the meantime?
Who also urged local government units to monitor the use of all public deep wells and springs to ensure that the water from these sources are properly utilized?
What did Barbers order all regional offices under his department to explain in the meantime?
What has the Metropolitan Waterworks and Sewerage System in Metro Manila announced?
What was El Nino?
What did he also urge local government units to monitor?
What did Local Government Secretary Robert Barbers also urge local government units to monitor the use of?
Where was it reported?
What were campuses?
Who added the weather cycle is necessary to ``do everything possible to alleviate the adverse effects of the El Nino''?
What has the Metropolitan Waterworks and Sewerage System in Metro Manila announced that it will reduce?
Who ordered all regional offices under his department to explain the El Nino phenomenon in the meantime?
When called on all local officials to immediately implement contingency measures to cushion the effects of El Nino?
What did today call on all local officials to immediately implement contingency measures to cushion?
Who said local government units can enact ordinances banning the drawing of water from communal waterworks system for watering lawns and for pressurized car washes?
Who said, ``We allows us to recycle water''?
What did Barbers add is necessary to ``do everything possible to alleviate the adverse effects of the El Nino''?
What was November 15-- Philippine Interior and Local Government Secretary Robert Barbers?
What were public deep wells?
What was El Nino specially the shortage of?
Who added it is necessary to ``do everything possible to alleviate the adverse effects of the El Nino''?
What was it reported in?
What did he also urge local government units to monitor the use of?
What did Barbers order all regional offices under his department to explain the El Nino phenomenon in?
What did Local Government Secretary Robert Barbers also urge local government units to monitor?
Where was the meantime reported that water shortage brought by the El Nino weather phenomenon will be very serious?
What did barbers say local government units can enact banning the drawing of water from communal waterworks system for watering lawns and for pressurized car washes?
What was it reported that water shortage brought by the El Nino weather phenomenon will be very serious in?
What did Barbers order under his department to explain the El Nino phenomenon in the meantime?
Who added?
What did Barbers add?
What was reported that water shortage brought by the El Nino weather phenomenon will be very serious in the Philippines?
When was MANILA?
What did Barbers order under his department to undertake an information campaign to disseminate water conservation measures in the meantime?
Who ordered all regional offices under his department to undertake an information campaign to disseminate water conservation measures in the meantime?
What did Barbers say that local government units should lead in in the wake of President Fidel Ramos ' call to respond to El Nino?
What did today call on all local officials to immediately implement to cushion the effects of El Nino?
Where was the meantime reported?
What has announced that it will reduce water supply and the number of hours of water service?
What did today call on all local officials to immediately implement contingency measures to cushion the effects of?
What were gardens?
What is China?
What are the scientists trying to increase?
Who have been applied to treat industrial waste water discharged by paper making, leather, food, dying, and oil-drilling sectors?
Who was Wen Jianping?
What was Wen Jianping deputy-director of under the SSTC?
What can the project treat 20,000 tons of daily?
What is January 8-- Chinese scientists?
What is water shortage?
Who are trying to increase reuse of water?
What is China one of?
Who are trying to improve water pollution treatment technologies?
What are the scientists trying to improve?
When will the process be implemented at paper mills across the country?
What will the process be implemented at paper mills across in the near future?
What are hotels?
What is one of the many countries in the world facing water shortage plaguing more than 300 of its 660-odd cities?
What can the project treat daily?
What are the scientists trying to increase reuse of?
What are searching for ways to alleviate China's water shortage problems through new technologies?
What can treat 20,000 tons of waste water daily?
What are office buildings, car washes and public washrooms?
What are working on recycling discharged water from hotels?
What will the process be implemented at across the country in the near future?
What will take the lead early this year in trying a water pollution treatment technology approved by the State Science and Technology Commission?
When is BEIJING?
What will be implemented at paper mills across the country in the near future?
Who was quoted as saying another project which will recycle 99 percent of water used in oil exploration is being used in oil fields?
Who was deputy-director of the China Research Center for Water Pollution and Water Reuse under the SSTC?
What is a situation?
How many tons of waste water can the project treat daily?
What are BEIJING searching for?
What did Mahathir say to?
What did Mahathir say his deputy Anwar Ibrahim will chair?
What was March 27?
What did Mahathir say the most effective way was for?
What did Mahathir say in after a political party function?
Who did Mahathir say his deputy Anwar Ibrahim will chair a meeting of to find a solution to the water problem which is becoming increasingly critical?
What did Mahathir say for?
Who said his deputy Anwar Ibrahim will chair a meeting of representatives of the relevant authorities to find a solution to the water problem which is becoming increasingly critical?
What called upon the people to save water at a time when the water shortage problem has affected various states including the capital city of Kuala Lumpur?
What did Mahathir say the water problem was related to?
What was the prime minister commenting on?
What did Mahathir say his deputy?
Where was the water problem more serious covering Kuala Lumpur and its surrounding areas where some 300,000 residents have been affected?
Who did Mahathir say his deputy will chair a meeting of representatives of the relevant authorities to find a solution to the water problem which is becoming increasingly critical?
Who said in Jitra in the northern state of Kedah after a political party function?
What did Mahathir say in Jitra in the northern state of Kedah after?
What was the water problem more serious in Klang Valley?
What did Mahathir say was related to the change in the climatic situation in Malaysia?
Who was commenting on the on-going drought and the problem of water supply in several states including Selangor, Negeri Sembilan, Malacca and Pulau Pinang?
When did KUALA LUMPUR-- Malaysian Prime Minister Mahathir Mohamad Friday call upon the people to save water?
What did Mahathir say Anwar Ibrahim will chair a meeting of representatives of the relevant authorities to find a solution to the water problem which is becoming increasingly critical?
Who said the most effective way was for everyone to save water and be thrifty?
What was more serious in Klang Valley covering Kuala Lumpur and its surrounding areas where some 300,000 residents have been affected?
When was KUALA LUMPUR?
What was the water problem more serious in covering Kuala Lumpur and its surrounding areas where some 300,000 residents have been affected?
What did Mahathir say was for everyone to save water and be thrifty?
Who said the water problem was related to the change in the climatic situation in Malaysia?
When is DHAKA?
What is media reports?
What is daily demand for water in the city with a population of over 9 million?
How many liters is daily demand for water in the city with a population of over 9 million?
Who supplies drinking water to the city dwellers through a total of 97 deep tube wells and a lone water treatment plant?
What does the Dhaka Water and Sewerage Authority supply to the city dwellers through a total of 97 deep tube wells and a lone water treatment plant?
What said?
What are DHAKA-- People living in Bangladesh's capital city of Dhaka suffering from a shortage of drinking water Wednesday quoted as saying?
Who does the Dhaka Water and Sewerage Authority supply drinking water to through a total of 97 deep tube wells and a lone water treatment plant?
What is about 50 percent due to mismanagement?
What is the system loss of water?
What usually rises during the summer season when load sheddings are more frequent than in the winter season?
What added?
What is around 1. 4 billion liters?
What are suffering from a shortage of drinking water Wednesday quoted official sources as saying?
What does the Dhaka Water and Sewerage Authority supply drinking water to the city dwellers through?
When does a shortfall usually rise when load sheddings are more frequent than in the winter season?
What is April 8?
What is drinking water?
What is April 11?
What has already caused forest fires, poor harvest and desertification?
What has lack of water already caused?
When is MEXICO CITY?
What did the police say?
What has MEXICO CITY arrested at least 40 people in the capital city this year for?
What said the arrested will be release after each paying a fine of 500 pesos, or 60 U. S. dollars?
What did the police say the arrested will be after each paying a fine of 500 pesos, or 60 U. S. dollars?
What has arrested at least 40 people in the capital city this year for water wastage?
What did the move come against?
What came against a backdrop of a severe water shortage in the country?
What did the police say will be release after each paying a fine of 500 pesos, or 60 U. S. dollars?
What did she say from?
What do people have to attach importance to?
What have to attach importance to ground subsidence caused by the excessive use of water?
What was Lin Xueyu of?
What did she say?
What have the two academics asked to pay more attention to developing subterranean water instead of surface water?
What can karst formations be?
Who was of the Chinese Academy of Sciences?
What have the two academics asked the central government to pay?
What is the major water resource in many cities?
What did Lin Xueyu tell that saving water can be a more effective and economical way of solving water shortage than water diversion projects?
What did Lin Xueyu tell the symposium that saving can be a more effective and economical way of solving water shortage than water diversion projects?
What did she say that diverting water from to another may benefit some areas for a short period of time?
What can karst formations be an important source of for many cities?
What have become more frequent because of improper use of water resources?
Who have asked the central government to pay more attention to developing subterranean water instead of surface water?
Who told the symposium that saving water can be a more effective and economical way of solving water shortage than water diversion projects?
What did Lin Xueyu tell the symposium?
What can be an important source of water for many cities?
Who said that the ecological damaged will have serious side effects?
What is less likely to be polluted?
What are water diversion projects expected to compensate for?
What have the two academics asked the central government to pay more attention to developing subterranean water instead of?
Who suggested?
What did she say that diverting water from one area to another may benefit?
What did she say that the ecological damaged will have?
How many academics have asked the central government to pay more attention to developing subterranean water instead of surface water?
What did Lin Xueyu tell the symposium that saving water can be?
What has half of the country's land?
What do people have to attach to ground subsidence caused by the excessive use of water?
What have sandstorms become more frequent because of?
What did she say that diverting water from one area to may benefit some areas for a short period of time?
What does northwestern China have half of?
What did she say that diverting from one area to another may benefit some areas for a short period of time?
Who said that diverting water from one area to another may benefit some areas for a short period of time?
What does northwestern China have?
What is more attention to developing subterranean water instead of surface water?
What has become increasingly desertified?
What is it?
What are expected to compensate for the irregular distribution of water resources?
When is expected to be completed early next century?
What did the statement issued by the Minister of Agriculture, Natural Resources and Environment Costas Themistocleous say the Cypriot cabinet agreed last week to seek before next summer?
What did he say the government will study?
Who warned that water supplies could run out by the end of the year due to the extended drought?
What did Environment Costas Themistocleous say will study the feasibility of introducing higher charges on water as a step to promote water saving?
What did Environment Costas Themistocleous say?
What did the minister warn that water supplies could run out by?
When did a government statement say?
When did the statement issued by the Minister of Agriculture, Natural Resources and Environment Costas Themistocleous say?
What did he say will study the feasibility of introducing higher charges on water as a step to promote water saving?
Who promised that the government would do everything possible to solve this problem?
What did he promise that the government would do to solve this problem?
What said on Monday?
What has one desalination plant in Dhekelia on the eastern coast?
Who said the government will study the feasibility of introducing higher charges on water as a step to promote water saving?
Who said Cyprus has also planned to encourage people to use water-saving devices and systems for recycling ``gray water'' for use in toilets and garden irrigation?
What does Cyprus have one desalination plant in Dhekelia on?
What did the minister warn by?
What did the Minister promise?
What did the minister say Cyprus has also planned to encourage people to use for recycling ``gray water'' for use in toilets and garden irrigation?
What did he promise that the government would do everything possible to solve?
What was August 10-- Cyprus?
When was NICOSIA?
What said the Cypriot cabinet agreed last week to seek tenders for building two mobile desalination plants due to be put into operation before next summer?
What did Environment Costas Themistocleous say the government will study?
What did he promise?
Who added?
What does Cyprus have on the eastern coast?
What did the Minister promise that the government would do everything possible to solve?
What did the Minister promise that the government would do to solve this problem?
What did he say?
What did the Saigon Times Daily report Thursday has caused a serious water shortage affecting about 3 million people in the recent months?
What was October 15?
What is the theme of the international disaster relief day ``preventing with information?''
What reported Thursday HANOI-- Drought in Vietnam has caused a serious water shortage affecting about 3 million people in the recent months?
What did Ngo say has bad impact on agricultural production not only in this year but also in the next few years?
What were the lowest level since 1926?
What did he say at?
What did Le Huy Ngo say is very low now, measured at two meters early this month?
What was Le Huy Ngo Vietnam's minister of?
What is ``preventing calamities with information?''
What did he say the Mekong river water level is very low now, measured at?
What did the Saigon Times Daily report Thursday HANOI-- Drought in Vietnam has caused in the recent months?
What did Le Huy Ngo say at?
What were the recent months?
What were two meters early the month?
What did Le Huy Ngo say the Mekong river water level is very low now, measured at?
What is the theme of the international disaster relief day ``preventing calamities with?''
How many meters early the month were the lowest level since 1926?
When was HANOI?
When were Vietnam's English newspaper?
When did the Saigon Times Daily report HANOI-- Drought in Vietnam has caused a serious water shortage affecting about 3 million people in the recent months?
Who was Le Huy Ngo?
When did the Saigon Times Daily report Thursday HANOI-- Drought in Vietnam has caused a serious water shortage affecting about 3 million people?
When did Ngo say?
Who was Vietnam's minister of agriculture and rural development?
What did he say is very low now, measured at two meters early this month?
What did Ngo say the drought has not only in this year but also in the next few years?
What added?
Who said the Mekong river water level is very low now, measured at two meters early this month?
What said the drought has bad impact on agricultural production not only in this year but also in the next few years?
What was Ruvu River?
What did Sumaye order the Ministry of Water to make sure that wells dug in the capital city last year are operational as?
Who said that ``this is not a time for water engineers to sit in their offices''?
When did local press report accompanied by Minister of Water Mussa Nkhangaa, Sumaye inspected the Ruvu water works at Mlandizi in the eastern Coast Region?
When did a long spell of dry weather result in a low water level of Ruvu River and shortage of supplies to Dar es Salaam?
What has urged residents in capital Dar es Salaam to use water sparingly as another water shortage is imminent?
What did local press report Thursday accompanied by Minister of Water Mussa Nkhangaa, Sumaye inspected works at Mlandizi in the eastern Coast Region?
What did he also direct water technicians and engineers to find?
Who has the prime minister called on to use water carefully when they wash cars and water flowers and trees?
What did Tanzanian Prime Minister Frederick Sumaye also direct water technicians and engineers to find?
What is December 31-- Tanzanian Prime Minister Frederick Sumaye?
Who did local press report Thursday accompanied by Minister of Water Mussa Nkhangaa, inspected the Ruvu water works at Mlandizi in the eastern Coast Region?
Who has called on residents to use water carefully when they wash cars and water flowers and trees?
What did local press report Thursday accompanied by Minister of Water Mussa Nkhangaa, Sumaye inspected the Ruvu water works at Mlandizi in?
What did local press report Thursday accompanied by Minister of Water Mussa Nkhangaa, Sumaye inspected at?
Where did local press report Thursday accompanied by Minister of Water Mussa Nkhangaa, Sumaye inspected the Ruvu water works in the eastern Coast Region?
Who ordered the Ministry of Water to make sure that wells dug in the capital city last year are operational as a preventive measure?
Who has DAR ES SALAAM urged in capital Dar es Salaam to use water sparingly as another water shortage is imminent?
What was Ruvu River the main source of?
What was the main source of water of the city?
What has DAR ES SALAAM urged residents in capital Dar es to use water sparingly as another water shortage is imminent?
What has DAR ES SALAAM urged residents in capital Dar es?
What did Sumaye order to make sure that wells dug in the capital city last year are operational as a preventive measure?
Who also directed water technicians and engineers to find alternative water sources?
What has DAR ES SALAAM urged residents in Salaam to use water sparingly as another water shortage is imminent?
Where did local press report Thursday accompanied by Minister of Water Mussa Nkhangaa, Sumaye inspected the Ruvu water works at Mlandizi?
Who did Tanzanian Prime Minister Frederick Sumaye also direct to find alternative water sources?
What has below average rains associated to the La Nina weather phenomenon led to?
What did local press report Thursday accompanied by Minister of Water Mussa Nkhangaa, Sumaye inspected the Ruvu water works at in the eastern Coast Region?
Who was shocked to find that the water level at Ruvu River is ``alarmingly low'' when he inspected the Ruvu water works Wednesday?
Where did local press report Thursday accompanied by Minister of Water Mussa Nkhangaa, Sumaye inspected?
What reported Thursday accompanied by Minister of Water Mussa Nkhangaa, Sumaye inspected the Ruvu water works at Mlandizi in the eastern Coast Region?
What has led to a drought in most parts of the east African country?
What has DAR ES SALAAM urged residents in capital Dar es Salaam to use sparingly as another water shortage is imminent?
Who did local press report Thursday accompanied by, Sumaye inspected the Ruvu water works at Mlandizi in the eastern Coast Region?
What did Sumaye order the Ministry of to make sure that wells dug in the capital city last year are operational as a preventive measure?
What did a long spell of dry weather result in to Dar es Salaam in 1996?
Who did he also direct to find alternative water sources?
What resulted in a low water level of Ruvu River and shortage of supplies to Dar es Salaam in 1996?
What has the prime minister called on residents to use carefully when they wash cars and water flowers and trees?
When is DAR ES SALAAM?
What is imminent?
What does Huay Mae Sot reservoir in the province now have only left?
What did the report say damage has been done to in over 100,000 rai of farmland?
What has the drought center dispatched water trucks and supplies to?
What has the Agriculture Extension Department launched a crop substitution program for affected villagers to grow to which water can still be supplied?
How many reservoirs have been dried up?
What said BANGKOK-- A severe water shortage has hit the northern province of Tak in Thailand as reservoirs have dried up?
What did the report say has been done to rice, corn and soybean plants in over 100,000 rai of farmland?
What have been suffering from water shortage?
What does Ban Huay Luek reservoir with a capacity of 5. 8 million cubic meters now have only about 500,000 cubic meters of?
What was March 1?
What have been dried up?
What does Huay Mae Sot reservoir in the province now have only?
How many cubic meters does Huay Mae Sot reservoir in the province now have only left?
What now has only about 500,000 cubic meters of water?
What does Ban Huay Luek reservoir with a capacity of 5. 8 million cubic meters now have?
What have dried up?
What now has only 700,000 cubic meters left?
What did a report available here Monday say BANGKOK-- A severe water shortage has hit as reservoirs have dried up?
What did the report say damage has been done to rice, corn and soybean plants in?
What did the report add has caused some 6,000 people in the province to move?
What has the Agriculture Extension Department launched for affected villagers to grow corn, vegetables and roses on some 101,000 rai to which water can still be supplied?
What did the report add the water shortage has caused to move?
How many people of 25,000 families have been suffering from water shortage?
What have nearly 150,000 people of 25,000 families been suffering from?
What added the water shortage has caused some 6,000 people in the province to move?
Who did a report available here Monday say BANGKOK-- A severe water shortage has hit the northern province of in Thailand as reservoirs have dried up?
What did a report available here Monday say has hit the northern province of Tak in Thailand as reservoirs have dried up?
How many cubic meters of water does Ban Huay Luek reservoir with a capacity of 5. 8 million cubic meters now have?
What is the province with?
What said damage has been done to rice, corn and soybean plants in over 100,000 rai of farmland?
What has launched a crop substitution program for affected villagers to grow corn, vegetables and roses on some 101,000 rai to which water can still be supplied?
What is with a capacity of 5. 5 million cubic meters?
What has dispatched water trucks and supplies to affected villages?
When was BANGKOK?
How many people in the province did the report add the water shortage has caused to move?
What has the drought center dispatched to affected villages?
Who are complaining that those people who installed moter pumps directly on main water pipeline are depriving their neighbors to get ample water supply?
What said that they have further reduced water supply in a bid to use the reservoir for as many days as possible?
When is ISLAMABAD?
What did sources in the authority say that they have further reduced in a bid to use the reservoir for as many days as possible?
What can water reservoir meet just for 12 days?
When can the residents in the capital who have experienced similar situation in 1994 not afford to live without water?
What has resorted to further reduction in water supply to the residents who are already complaining of non-availability of the commodity?
What did sources in the authority say that they have further reduced water supply in to use the reservoir for as many days as possible?
What has the authority repeatedly called on the people to use water carefully and not to waste?
Who are some residents complaining that those people who installed moter pumps directly on main water pipeline are depriving to get ample water supply?
Who has the Capital Development Authority resorted to further reduction in water supply to?
What has the Capital Development Authority resorted to to the residents who are already complaining of non-availability of the commodity?
What can they not afford to live without during scorching summer?
What has been declining over the past four months due to lack of rainfall?
What has repeatedly called on the people to use water carefully and not to waste it?
What did experts say the water level at Simli dam has receded to there will be used up if no major precipitation takes place in the next 12 days?
When has the water level at Simli dam been declining due to lack of rainfall?
What are some residents complaining that those people who installed moter pumps directly on main water pipeline are depriving their neighbors to get?
Who has rainfall caused concern and panic among?
What does the Capital Development Authority fail to cope with?
What did sources in the authority say in?
What was the only water supply source of Islamabad?
What fails to cope with the water shortage?
What has the authority repeatedly called on the people to use carefully and not to waste it?
What is expected to deteriorate as water reservoir can meet demand of the consumers just for 12 days?
What was Simli dam the only water supply source of?
When can water reservoir meet demand of the consumers?
What did experts say the water level at Simli dam has receded to alarming level and water?
What can the residents in the capital who have experienced similar situation in 1994 not afford to live without during scorching summer?
When did sources in the authority say that they have further reduced water supply in a bid to use the reservoir as possible?
What has the authority repeatedly called on to use water carefully and not to waste it?
What has the water level at Simli dam been declining over the past four months to?
What are some residents complaining?
What did sources in the authority say that they have further reduced water supply in a bid to use for as many days as possible?
Who cannot afford to live without water during scorching summer?
What cannot afford to live without water during scorching summer?
What is June 14?
What can meet demand of the consumers just for 12 days?
When can they not afford to live without water?
What did experts say has receded to alarming level and water there will be used up if no major precipitation takes place in the next 12 days?
Who can water reservoir meet demand of just for 12 days?
What has rainfall caused among the residents in the capital who have experienced similar situation in 1994?
What has caused concern and panic among the residents in the capital who have experienced similar situation in 1994?
What was Simli dam?
What has NAIROBI launched?
How many thirds of the cattle reared in Rwanda does Umutara prefecture accommodate?
What does Umutara prefecture accommodate?
What is September 7- The Rwandan government?
What were known for their aridity and scarce water resources?
What does Umutara prefecture accommodate more than two thirds of?
What are faced with severe drought over three quarters of approximately 480,000?
What has launched a big campaign to ease water shortage rocking northeast Rwanda, the Rwandan News Agency reported Tuesday?
What was exacerbated by an unusual drought that hit the disaster area because of a prolonged dry season?
What was the situation in Umutara exacerbated by?
What are people in Umutara prefecture faced with over three quarters of approximately 480,000?
What are the areas mostly affected?
What accommodates more than two thirds of the cattle reared in Rwanda?
What were Umutara and Kibungo prefectures known for?
When is NAIROBI?
What are Umutara and Kibungo prefectures?
What are people in Umutara prefecture faced with severe drought over?
What did he argue that dams offered to meet the country's water needs?
What did the Daily Star report Friday BEIRUT has warned that his country is suffering?
Whose country did the Daily Star report Friday BEIRUT has warned?
What did the Daily Star report Friday BEIRUT has warned that a Lebanese official's country is suffering?
Who promised the ministry annual budget of around 40 million U. S. dollars would cover the cost?
When did the Daily Star report BEIRUT has warned that his country is suffering an annual water shortage of more than 1 billion cubic meters?
What did he argue that dams offered the only means to meet?
What reported Friday BEIRUT has warned that his country is suffering an annual water shortage of more than 1 billion cubic meters?
Who attributed much of the shortage to wasted water from leaky pipes in the network?
What did other scientists argue?
What did Fadi Qmeir attribute to wasted water from leaky pipes in the network?
What caused water to flow from the hills into valleys?
What will reduce the water deficit?
What did the Daily Star report Friday BEIRUT has warned?
Who was Fadi Qmeir?
What is studying the feasibility of building 15 dams and 16 hill ponds to collect rain water during the winter for use in the dry month of summer?
What did Fadi Qmeir add?
Who added that distribution was inefficient?
What did Qmeir say could begin in 2000?
What did he promise would cover the cost?
What did he add?
What did these dams cause water to flow from the hills into?
Who was director-general of the Ministry of Electricity and Water Resources?
What did Fadi Qmeir argue?
What did the Daily Star report Friday BEIRUT has warned that his country is suffering an annual water shortage of?
When did the Daily Star report BEIRUT has warned that a Lebanese official's country is suffering an annual water shortage of more than 1 billion cubic meters?
What did the Daily Star report Friday has warned that a Lebanese official's country is suffering an annual water shortage of more than 1 billion cubic meters?
What did Fadi Qmeir argue that dams offered the only means to meet?
What was December 10-- A Lebanese official?
Who said construction on four dams could begin in 2000?
Who argued that dams offered the only means to meet the country's water needs?
What was Fadi Qmeir director-general of?
What did Fadi Qmeir promise the ministry annual budget of around 40 million U. S. dollars would cover?
What did he argue?
What reported Friday BEIRUT has warned that a Lebanese official's country is suffering an annual water shortage of more than 1 billion cubic meters?
What did the Daily Star report Friday BEIRUT has warned that a Lebanese official's country is suffering an annual water shortage of?
When was BEIRUT?
What did Fadi Qmeir attribute much of to wasted water from leaky pipes in the network?
What will increasing supply reduce?
What did Fadi Qmeir attribute much of the shortage to?
When did Fadi Qmeir address a one-day seminar on environment and water resources here?
What did Fadi Qmeir address here on Thursday?
When did Qmeir say?
What did he promise?
What did Fadi Qmeir promise?
What is the ministry studying to collect rain water during the winter for use in the dry month of summer?
What did Fadi Qmeir promise would cover the cost?
What did Fadi Qmeir argue that dams offered to meet the country's water needs?
What did he promise the ministry annual budget of around 40 million U. S. dollars would cover?
Who addressed a one-day seminar on environment and water resources here on Thursday?
What did the Daily Star report Friday has warned that his country is suffering an annual water shortage of more than 1 billion cubic meters?
What relied too heavily on pumping systems which bring water from the coast to rural communities?
What did these dams cause to flow from the hills into valleys?
Who argued that while increasing supply will reduce the water deficit, an efficient water management scheme is also needed to help meet the demand?
When did Qmeir say construction on four dams could begin?
What did these dams cause water to flow from into valleys?
What did the report say that only 23 percent of the Afghan people benefit form?
What said, ``But lack of clean water is not the only problem being faced by the people of Afghanistan''?
What are almost 50 percent of the diseases posing a threat to children's lives caused by?
What said that only 23 percent of the Afghan people benefit form clean water?
What did the report say?
What are caused by the lack of clean water?
Where is water shortage pervasive because of its inability to tap the resources and the lack of well-managed supply system?
What was not able to supply water regularly?
Who did Singh admit that lack of water had caused inconvenience to?
What did some patients complain that they had to bring water from home for?
What is Nepal rich in?
What is rich in water resources?
What is April 24?
Who admitted that the hospital was getting dirty?
What is so severe that surgical operations on patients cannot go on smoothly in the Regional Hospital in the city?
Who admitted that lack of water had caused inconvenience to the patients?
What is the Regional Hospital in Pokhara?
Who added, ``Sometimes operations were performed by fetching water in buckets''?
What did some patients complain from?
What is pervasive in the country because of its inability to tap the resources and the lack of well-managed supply system?
What did Medical Superintendent of the hospital Dr. Somat Singh Tulachan say in?
What is the Regional Hospital in Pokhara the biggest hospital of?
Who did Singh admit to?
What cannot be guaranteed even in Kathmandu?
What did some patients complain that they had to bring from home for drinking and daily use?
What is water shortage pervasive in the country because of?
What can regular water supply not be guaranteed even in?
When is KATHMANDU?
What is water shortage pervasive in because of its inability to tap the resources and the lack of well-managed supply system?
What did Singh admit that lack of water had caused to the patients?
What did some patients complain that they had to bring water from for drinking and daily use?
Where can regular water supply not be guaranteed?
What did Singh admit?
What is KATHMANDU-- Water shortage in Pokhara so severe in?
What is KATHMANDU-- Water shortage in Pokhara so severe that surgical operations on patients cannot go on smoothly in?
Who complained that they had to bring water from home for drinking and daily use?
What is a famous city for tourism in Nepal?
What is the biggest hospital of the western region in Nepal?
What is KATHMANDU-- Water shortage in Pokhara?
Who was Mama Njeri?
What did City residents complain that the vendors had capitalized on to make quick profits from people desperate for water?
What is a water?
Who sold a 20 litre container of water at 30 shillings?
What did unscrupulous water vendors sell a 20 litre container of at 30 shillings?
What said that the program will save them from being exploited by unscrupulous water vendors?
What did they say that the program will save from being exploited by unscrupulous water vendors?
What did the East African Standard newspaper say they also demanded to announce a water rationing program to enable them to know the time to draw water?
How many Kenyans are threatened by starvation?
What did the residents in the city warn in?
What did unscrupulous water vendors sell a 20 litre container of water at?
What entered its third month Tuesday with water-borne diseases imminent?
Who was a resident?
What did NAIROBI-- The acute water shortage in the Kenyan capital Nairobi enter its third month Tuesday with imminent?
When did the East African Standard newspaper say they also demanded the Nairobi City Council to announce a water rationing program to enable them to know?
Who did the residents in the city say by?
What has not been made public?
Who did they say by?
What has reigned throughout the east African country?
What has water shortage reigned throughout?
What is an essential commodity?
What said the residents in the city also demanded the Nairobi City Council to announce a water rationing program to enable them to know the time to draw water?
Who did they say that the program will save from being exploited by unscrupulous water vendors?
When was NAIROBI?
Who did the residents in the city say that the program will save from being exploited by unscrupulous water vendors?
What did the residents in the city say that the program will save from being exploited by unscrupulous water vendors?
What said they also demanded the Nairobi City Council to announce a water rationing program to enable them to know the time to draw water?
What did unscrupulous water vendors sell at 30 shillings?
Who are threatened by starvation?
What did City residents complain on?
Who warned that an outbreak of water-borne diseases like cholera was impending unless water supply is restored immediately in the city with a population of 2 million?
What did City residents complain that the vendors had capitalized on the water shortage to make?
What did the East African Standard newspaper say they also demanded the Nairobi City Council to announce rationing program to enable them to know the time to draw water?
Who complained that the vendors had capitalized on the water shortage to make quick profits from people desperate for water?
What was July 4?
What is it?
Where did the residents in the city warn?
Who said that the program will save them from being exploited by unscrupulous water vendors?
What are more than 2. 2 million Kenyans threatened by?
