Who happens to be a friend of mobster Raymond Blossom who decides to use Sands by getting him to play God?
Who is the single match?
Who thinks his patron is loony recluse Ms. Dinsmoor?
Who does he think his patron is?
Who has Snipes replaced in the role of the fugitive?
What does Keaton conveniently escape from just before surgery starts?
Who Expectations?
Who is a poor orphan?
What does Finn have?
Who is her beautiful, icy ward?
Who conveniently escapes from the operating room just before surgery starts?
Who is the role of the fugitive not a bus but a plane escapes from?
Who gives chase?
What does Keaton go loose in?
What is Garcia a widowed cop in San Francisco whose son is dying of cancer in?
Who does Finn think dreams of winning Ms. Dinsmoor's beautiful, icy ward?
Who does Eugene Sands save?
What can die-hard fans of action and suspense movies currently get their eyeful at?
What starts?
What BE USED IN ANY MEDIA WITHOUT ATTRIBUTION TO WORLDSOURCES, INC.?
What is it not he escapes from?
What Marshals?
Who thinks he dreams of winning her beautiful, icy ward?
What does he think?
Who goes to New York?
Who is Estella?
What is it?
What has Snipes replaced Harrison Ford in?
Who is Garcia in this thriller?
Whose beautiful, icy ward is Estella?
What could the child's life be saved with?
What does Finn have escaped convict?
Who is a synopsis of a few currently playing?
What is a a rags-to-riches story telling of?
Whose life could be saved with a marrow transplant?
Who does he think dreams of winning her beautiful, icy ward?
What is a murderous sociopath who has spent more than half his life in prison?
Who does Finn think is loony recluse Ms. Dinsmoor?
What is Downey Jr.?
What does Finn think?
What can currently get their eyeful at the city's cinemas?
Who is it not a bus but a plane escapes from?
What is it a rags-to-riches story telling of?
What is Finn?
Who goes loose in the hospital?
Who does he think is loony recluse Ms. Dinsmoor?
Who Marshals?
Who has a horrifying encounter with an escaped convict?
Who saves a man from death?
What BE nO PORTION OF THE MATERIALS CONTAINED HEREIN MAY USED IN?
What is a murderous sociopath who has spent more than half Andy Garcia's life in prison?
Who does Finn think his patron is?
What is it not a bus but a plane?
Who becomes an established artist?
Who thinks he dreams of winning Ms. Dinsmoor's beautiful, icy ward?
Where does Finn go?
Who does the man happen to be a friend of who decides to use Sands by getting him to play God?
What is not a bus but a plane Wesley Snipes escapes from?
Who does the man happen to be?
What is the role of the fugitive not a bus but a plane?
What is a?
What is the role of the fugitive not Wesley Snipes escapes from?
Who is Ms. Dinsmoor's beautiful, icy ward?
Who is a widowed cop in San Francisco whose son is dying of cancer in this thriller?
What is a rags-to-riches story telling of society's foolish pretensions?
What is not a bus but a plane he escapes from?
What does Finn go to?
What is Below a synopsis of?
What could be saved with a marrow transplant?
Who can die-hard fans of action and suspense movies currently get at the city's cinemas?
Who has replaced Harrison Ford in the role of the fugitive?
Who is an agent assigned by federal authorities to help Gerard catch the person who murdered his colleagues?
Whose beautiful, icy ward does Finn think?
What is Below?
Who does Finn become?
What did Nicholson win?
What deadpanned, ``I won one of these in 1947''?
Who picked up an early honor for his ``From the Earth to the Moon,'' which won best miniseries or movie made for TV?
What did Don Cheadle of ``The Rat Pack'' and veteran actor Gregory Peck of ``Moby Dick'' share in another tie?
What traditionally serve as predictors for the Academy Awards in March?
What did the Golden Globes honorees live up to for which the show has become known?
Who were named best actor and actress in the television categories?
What had once been buffeted by controversy over allegations of corrupt voting?
What did Tom Hanks pick up an early honor for his From?
What did Christine Lahti show up as a presenter with?
What were Dylan McDermott of ``The Practice'' and Keri Russel of ``Felicity'' named best actor and actress in?
Who won best actor in a miniseries or TV movie?
What did Foreign Press Association President Helmut Voss say the waivers indicated ``during our journalistic activities?''
What was back on the air in 1996 after a 14-year absence from network exposure?
What do studios traditionally roll out?
Who noted that ``The Truman Show'' came out in the summer?
Who did he say had opened up his brain the ``Spin City'' star thanked?
What did NBC dedicate three hours of to the awards?
What was the program back on the air in 1996 after?
What did he say the ``Spin City'' star thanked his doctors?
What were the awards plagued by with sound the picture freezing momentarily?
What trumpet their Golden Globe hauls after the ceremony?
Whose journalistic activities did Foreign Press Association President Helmut Voss say during?''
When did he note?
Who was Tom Hanks nominated for?
What dedicated three hours of prime-time to the awards?
What was the program back on in 1996 after a 14-year absence from network exposure?
What did Ed Harris of ``The Truman Show'' and Lynn Redgrave of ``Gods and Monsters'' win supporting actor honors?
What were plagued by problems with sound cutting out?
What did Tom Hanks pick up an early honor for tV comedy actor at the Golden Globes From?
Who did Paltrow play in ``Shakespeare in Love,'' which also won best screenplay?
What were plagued by problems with sound the picture freezing momentarily?
What did Foreign Press Association President Helmut Voss say the waivers indicated ``during our journalistic activities that we did not accept?''
What was the latter category?
What did she show up as a presenter with?
When do the Golden Globes traditionally serve as predictors for the Academy Awards?
What did the Washington Post report Saturday this year, NBC asked Golden Globe voters to sign?
Who were the leading movie nominees?
How many hours of prime-time did NBC dedicate to the awards?
Who did Tom Hanks pick up an early honor for ``From the Earth to the Moon,'' which won best miniseries or movie made for TV?
What was selected by reporters from the Hollywood Foreign Press Association?
What added a touching note?
What reflected how far the ceremony has come in prestige?
What did 12 films that won best motion picture honors at the Golden Globes go on to take in the last 16 years?
Who said, ``Oh man, I just got through eating dinner''?
What did Tom Hanks pick up for his ``From the Earth to the Moon,'' which won best miniseries or movie made for TV?
What did Caine play a sleazy agent who tries to turn a meek woman with powerful musical gift for show tunes into a star in?
What did Ed Harris of ``The Truman Show'' and Lynn Redgrave of ``Gods and Monsters'' say had opened up his brain thanked his doctors?
Who shared the award for supporting actor in a series, miniseries or TV movie in another tie?
What also provide a valuable promotional tool for studios?
What did NBC reflect in?
What is the first time Michael Caine 've been available to pick up an award?
What were the awards broadcast from a hotel ballroom by?
What deadpanned, ``it's very encouraging now''?
Who was in the bathroom when she was announced as a winner for ``Chicago Hope?''
Who do the Golden Globes traditionally serve as in March?
What did Foreign Press Association President Helmut Voss say the waivers indicated ``during Golden Globe voters's journalistic activities that we did not accept?''
Whose acceptance speech added a touching note?
What did he pick up?
Who has been nominated for 14 Globes?
What traditionally roll out their award-worthy product?
When were Gwyneth Paltrow of ``Shakespeare In Love'' and Michael Caine honored for motion picture acting?
What had the awards once been buffeted by?
What did the Washington Post report Saturday this year, NBC asked Golden Globe voters to sign waivers indicating from?
What is the first time I 've been available to pick up an award?
Who was nominated for as best actor in ``Saving Private Ryan''?
Who set the tone for the notoriously freewheeling awards show by coming on stage with a toothpick in his mouth?
Whose disease has the ``Spin City'' star been diagnosed with?
Who were ``Shakespeare in Love'' and ``The Truman Show''?
What do the awards also provide?
Who did Jenna Elfman win best actress in a TV musical or comedy series for?''
What did NBC dedicate three hours of prime-time to?
What did Fox's acceptance speech add?
What were the awards plagued by problems with cutting out?
Who did Jenna Elfman win for ``Dharma and Greg?''
When did Ed Harris of ``The Truman Show'' and Lynn Redgrave of ``Gods and Monsters'' note?
What was Christine Lahti in when she was announced as a winner for ``Chicago Hope?''
What do newspaper advertisements for films trumpet after the ceremony?
What did Caine play in ``Little Voice''?
What deadpanned, ``it was very encouraging''?
What did Fox say, ``We 're so lucky to do''?
What did Foreign Press Association President Helmut Voss say the waivers indicated ``during Golden Globe voters's journalistic activities?''
When did the Washington Post report this year, NBC asked Golden Globe voters to sign waivers indicating they did not accept gifts or perks from Hollywood studios?
Who was the Golden Globes selected by from the Hollywood Foreign Press Association?
What must be slipping?
What is this?
What were the awards broadcast from by NBC?
What did he say had opened up the ``Spin City'' star thanked his doctors?
What deadpanned, ``one was very encouraging''?
What deadpanned, ``tV comedy actor at the Golden Globes won one of these in 1947''?
Who did Christine Lahti show up as with toilet paper stuck to a shoe?
Who said had opened up his brain the ``Spin City'' star thanked his doctors?
Who lived up to the irreverence for which the show has become known?
Who were Dylan McDermott of ``The Practice'' and Keri Russel of ``Felicity'' named in the television categories?
What worked to regain respectability?
Who won five?
What has the ``Spin City'' star been diagnosed with?
Who said, ``We 're so lucky to do what we do. . . and just take every day and enjoy it''?
What deadpanned, ``one's very encouraging now''?
What did Tom Hanks pick up an early honor for ``From the Earth to the Moon,'' which won best miniseries or movie made for TV?
How many films that won best motion picture honors at the Golden Globes went on to take the same prize at the Oscars in the last 16 years?
Who did Stanley Tucci of ``Winchell'' win?
Who were honored Sunday for motion picture acting?
What did Ed Harris of ``The Truman Show'' and Lynn Redgrave of ``Gods and Monsters'' win motion picture supporting?
When did NBC dedicate to the awards?
What did Networks refuse to show?
Who won motion picture supporting actor honors?
What did Angelina Jolie win best actress in a miniseries or TV movie for?
What did Harris set for the notoriously freewheeling awards show by coming on stage with a toothpick in his mouth?
What did he say had opened up his brain thanked his doctors?
What did Harris set the tone for by coming on stage with a toothpick in his mouth?
What was a tie?
What did the awards long suffer?
When did 12 films that won best motion picture honors at the Golden Globes go on to take the same prize at the Oscars?
What were the awards plagued by with sound cutting out?
Who showed up as a presenter with toilet paper stuck to a shoe?
What has Nicholson been nominated for?
What long suffered credibility problems?
Who said, ``I 'm glad that people did not forget about it''?
What were the awards plagued by problems with the picture freezing momentarily?
Who said, ``I 'm glad that people did not forget about the tone''?
Who played a sleazy agent who tries to turn a meek woman with powerful musical gift for show tunes into a star in ``Little Voice''?
What reported Saturday this year, NBC asked Golden Globe voters to sign waivers indicating they did not accept gifts or perks from Hollywood studios?
Who did the Washington Post report Saturday this year, NBC asked to sign waivers indicating they did not accept gifts or perks from Hollywood studios?
What did Foreign Press Association President Helmut Voss say during?''
When was the program back on the air after a 14-year absence from network exposure?
Who was a funny but poignant winner for TV comedy actor at the Golden Globes?
Whose career must be slipping?
Who refused to show the program?
What did Michael Caine pick up?
Who did she show up as with toilet paper stuck to a shoe?
Who was Michael J. Fox?
Who picked up his honor?
Who played the upper-crust lady who becomes the lover and muse of William Shakespeare in ``Shakespeare in Love,'' which also won best screenplay?
Who did Paltrow play the upper-crust lady who becomes the lover and muse of William Shakespeare in?
What do newspaper advertisements for films trumpet their Golden Globe hauls after?
What were broadcast from a hotel ballroom by NBC?
What did the association work to regain?
What did Ed Harris of ``The Truman Show'' and Lynn Redgrave of ``Gods and Monsters'' say the ``Spin City'' star thanked his doctors?
What was the Golden Globes selected by reporters from?
What has been diagnosed with Parkinson's disease?
Who did Angelina Jolie win for ``Gia,'' which also earned Faye Dunaway an award for supporting actress in a series, miniseries or TV movie?
Who won best actress in a TV musical or comedy series for ``Dharma and Greg?''
What went on to take the same prize at the Oscars in the last 16 years?
What were nominees in 13 movie and TV categories selected by?
What SERIES: ``ER''; ``Law & Order'' ``The Practice?''
Who edged ahead of the pack in television nominations announced Tuesday?
Who can the entire 95,000-member active guild roster vote for?
What was Waking Ned Devine?
Who was named for supporting actor David Kelly and for the comedy about a lottery winner in a small Irish town's ensemble cast?
Who was Waking Ned Devine the comedy about?
What has the picture given to people?
Who done good?
Who was the comedy about a lottery winner in a small Irish town?
What did ``Shakespeare in Love'' led movie nominees for the 5th Annual Screen Actors Guild Awards, and ``NYPD Blue'' edge ahead of announced Tuesday?
Who got four nominations?
How many nominations did NYPD Blue get?
What can vote for winners?
What will be presented March 7?
What will the awards be broadcast that night on?
Who was Waking Ned Devine among?
What will be broadcast that night on TNT?
What do I 'm going to immediately send to all the actors in the show?
Who was among the honorees?
Who said, ``LOS ANGELES's wonderful''?
Who were selected by a committee of 4,200 randomly selected SAG members?
Who said, ``It's wonderful''?
When will the awards be presented?
Who 'mes going to immediately send a fax to all the actors in the show?
What has given such delight to people?
When will the awards be broadcast on TNT?
What has the picture given such delight to?
What did NYPD Blue get?
Who was named for supporting actor David Kelly and for its ensemble cast?
Who do I 'm going to immediately send a fax to?
Who are not apparent?
Whose appeal do the cover?
When have passed since the decade's best-known mannequins revolutionized the genre?
When were too hot not to cool down?
Who was Calista Flockhart of ``Ally McBeal''?
Who founded Ford Models in 1947?
What did Cheryl Tiegs rack up covers between 1967 and 1989?
What does the seem?
What does that's what the megamodels 're trying to do, sell magazines after?
What's what the megamodels 're trying to do, sell magazines after all?
What did Elaina Richardson say, ``I suspect at''?
What do some critics say?
What did Ms. Richardson put actress Cate Blanchett on?
What seems the obvious solution when they 're saying in publishing circles that supermodels are as passe as last season's hemline?
What 've become boring?
Who founded the New York designer previews known as Fashion Week?
What did about 10 years almost die of?
What would draw more readers?
Who said, ``You know which, do not you-- the strawberry shortcake''?
What was Vogue's 1998 best seller?
What could be?
Who say models have exhibited less-than-model behavior?
Who put actress Cate Blanchett on the magazine's cover for May?
What did Allure have a cover ratio of to two stars in 1998?
Who had a cover ratio of 10 models to two stars in 1998?
Who is NEW YORK-- The woman on the magazine cover not?
Who did Ms. Richardson put on the magazine's cover for May?
What could Naomi Campbell be the next escapee to?''
Who said nobody is not as dire as that?
What did the talk-show queen likewise reign in at In Style?
What did Ms. Richardson stockpile?
Who is Drew Barrymore?
Who sounded too harsh?
What did Cheryl Tiegs rack up 24 Glamour covers?
Whose heirs are not apparent?
What do I think 're not going to want me anymore?
What's what we 're trying to do, sell magazines after all?
Who do some style watchers expect another generation of?
Who said, ``I suspect at some point the celebrity tide will swing back''?
What does that's what we 're trying to do, sell magazines after?
Who could Naomi Campbell be to film stardom in the upcoming ``Prisoner of Love?''
Who was editor of Elle?
What are we putting a lot more celebrities on?
Who thinks they 're not going to want me anymore?
What are we putting a lot more celebrities on the cover because I believe?
What seems the obvious solution when Fashion magazine editors 're saying in publishing circles that supermodels are as passe as last season's hemline?
What cover girl's appeal?
Who stockpiled 1998 covers with Sharon Stone, Minnie Driver and Salma Hayek?
Whose October cover was Vogue's 1998 best seller?
Who said, ``I 'm gambling on this''?
What does that's after all?
Who was senior editor at Mediaweek?
Who did she tell, ``I always say it is my last season because I think they 're not going to want me anymore''?
What did she say it is not as as that?
What is yet sure whether entertainers or models sell better?
How many years almost died of horror?
Who could be the next escapee to film stardom in the upcoming ``Prisoner of Love?''
Who was Elaina Richardson editor of?
What did she say it is not as dire as?
Who would know?
Who are putting a lot more celebrities on the cover because I believe they will sell more?
What was Linda Wells's October cover?
What are over 30?
What still have cover girl faces?
Who would a model or a strawberry shortcake on the cover draw?
Who did Ms. Wells line up actresses covers?
What did Ms. Ford recall that McCall's once ran a test to see?
What did she tell Vogue, ``I always say''?
Who said, ``this's an important gamble''?
What do some critics say have exhibited less-than-model behavior?
What hope the box office power of Cameron Diaz?
Who expect another generation of megamodels on the horizon?
Who racked up 24 Glamour covers between 1967 and 1989?
What likewise reigned in first place at In Style?
What are most of the big names?
What have Mademoiselle and Elle also swung to star?
What do some style watchers expect?
Whose top seller for 1998 was Calista Flockhart of ``Ally McBeal''?
What were too hot not to cool down?
What did Linda Wells say nobody is not as dire as?
What does she's so famous?
What do I think?
Who scored 19?
When almost died of horror?
What did Eleanor Lambert say that the word ``supermodel''?''
What has dimmed?
What did she tell Vogue, ``I always say it is my last season because I think''?
What did Christie Brinkley score?
How many years were too hot not to cool down?
What did Ms. Wells line up actresses?
What did she say, ``You know''?
What are best sellers for?
What did Ms. Ford recall that McCall's once ran?
What do every celebrity cover?
What have the megamodels still cover?
Who's so famous that the browser almost has to take a second look-- and may even buy the magazine?
Who do I think they 're not going to want anymore?
When did Eileen Ford found Ford Models?
What do some critics say models have exhibited?
Who does she's?
What did Allure have?
Who recalled that McCall's once ran a test to see whether a model or a strawberry shortcake on the cover would draw more readers?
What is not Kate or Claudia or another fab supermodel?
What just got old since most of the big names are over 30?
Who's a superstar?
Who is the editor of Allure?
Who revolutionized the genre?
Who cover scores?
What did we almost die of?
Who was Elaina Richardson?
Who was Lisa Granatstein?
Who was Harper's Bazaar's top seller for 1998?
What was Mediaweek?
What did the decade's best-known mannequins revolutionize?
Who did Eileen Ford found in 1947?
What is Ms. Wells the editor of?
Who 've become boring?
How many covers with Sharon Stone, Minnie Driver and Salma Hayek did Ms. Richardson stockpile?
Who lined up actresses Angelina Jolie and Julianne Moore for spring covers?
Who told Vogue, ``I always say it is my last season because I think they 're not going to want me anymore''?
Who added, ``Americans might be slightly less captivated by models ' daily habits and. . . their latest spats with their boyfriends or agents?''
What was her October cover?
Who were too hot not to cool down?
Who thinks about a Twiggy or a Jean Shrimpton?
Who is today's fashion face?
Who do I think 're not going to want me anymore?
What did Ms. Ford recall?
Whose star power has dimmed?
What do the cover?
Where did the talk-show queen likewise reign at In Style?
Who covers last year from two to seven?
Who could flourish by making the transition from model to actress as did Audrey Hepburn, Jane Fonda, Cybill Shepherd, Kim Basinger and Sharon Stone?
Who is the superstar?
Who said, ``Some women's magazines are tossing off models because people identify more with celebrities''?
What did she say is not as dire as that?
Who are we putting on the cover because I believe they will sell more?
What did Eleanor Lambert say?''
Who are for instance?
Who said that the word ``supermodel'' derived from ``a group of young women with slatlike bodies and colorless personalities?''
Who was a New York-based trade magazine?
What did Eleanor Lambert found?
Who is Ms. Wells?
Who said, ``it's an important gamble''?
What did Linda Wells say is not as dire as that?
What is Oprah Winfrey?
What did Cheryl Tiegs rack up?
What identify more with celebrities?
Who is Cameron Diaz?
Who do people identify more with?
What does it seem?
Who almost died of horror?
Who did Ms. Wells line up Angelina Jolie and Julianne Moore for spring covers?
What did Linda Wells say nobody is not as as that?
Who said it is not as dire as that?
What is Allure flip-flopping?
What does vogue increased celebrity cover last year from?
How many years have passed since the decade's best-known mannequins revolutionized the genre?
What is flip-flopping those figures?
Who is not so sure?
Who is a supermodel?
Who do you think about?
When does vogue increased celebrity cover from two to seven?
What also have swung to star power?
What does he say, ``Nobody knew''?
Whose Barbie-doll figure was tattoos and knives?
Who does Jolie play?
What do producer Martin Bregman usually get?
Who was known for her Barbie-doll figure?
What do I usually get?
Who did NEW YORK-- The director and producer of the serial-killer thriller ``The Bone Collector,'' due out Friday, readily admit not want Angelina Jolie?
Who tells Entertainment Weekly in its Nov. 5 edition, ``They wanted an ` established ' actress''?
Whose Barbie-doll figure was the 24-year-old daughter known for?
What was Angelina Jolie's Barbie-doll figure?
Who was attending film school?
What does Bregman say?''
What does director Phillip Noyce tell Entertainment Weekly in, ``They wanted an ` established ' actress''?
Who does Bregman say faced similar problems getting then-unknown Michelle Pfeiffer into ``Scarface?''
Who did it take some heated arguments-- with?
What did Jolie appear in?
Who was known for Angelina Jolie's Barbie-doll figure?
Who says, ``Nobody knew who then-unknown Michelle Pfeiffer was''?
Who appeared in the TNT miniseries ``George Wallace'' and the HBO film ``Gia''?
What does Bregman say he faced?''
What does producer Martin Bregman say, ``Nobody knew''?
Who does director Phillip Noyce tell in its Nov. 5 edition, ``They wanted an ` established ' actress''?
Who does a serious slash to the film's budget to get Universal to agree, add?
Who usually gets what I want?
Who usually get what I want?
What was her Barbie-doll figure?
What did not want Angelina Jolie?
What was tattoos and knives?
What took some heated arguments-- with Noyce and producer Martin Bregman?
Who plays a stuntwoman in ``The Bone Collector'' who tracks a serial killer for a quadriplegic cop played by Denzel Washington?
What did it take-- with Noyce and producer Martin Bregman?
What adds Bregman?
What was the 24-year-old daughter known for?
Who had quit acting?
Who says he faced similar problems getting then-unknown Michelle Pfeiffer into ``Scarface?''
Who says, ``Nobody knew who she was''?
Who's enormously gifted?
What did ``The Hurricane,'' which opened in limited release for Academy Award consideration around Christmas, come in at No. 3 for the weekend with?
What did the first ``Friday'' movie go on to become?
When was Stuart Little the No. 1 movie three?
What just feels like the country is maturing about that?
What did ``The Hurricane,'' which opened in limited release for Academy Award consideration around Christmas, expand to Friday?
Who said Tom Hanks were the 18th and 19th films released in 1999 to pass $100 million?
When did the sequel to the 1995 film ``Friday'' take in $14. 5 million Friday?
What did the first ``Friday'' movie do?
What did the 18th and 19th films break the record of set in 1998?
What was David Tuckerman?
What did Dergarabedian say were the 18th and 19th films released in 1999 to pass $100 million?
When did ``The Hurricane,'' which opened in limited release for Academy Award consideration around Christmas, expand to 1,454 theaters?
What were to be released today?
What has the friendly mouse given?
What was Girl?
What did the movie play well in?
When did the sequel to the 1995 film ``Friday'' take in $14. 5 million through Sunday?
What came in at No. 3 for the weekend with $9. 1 million?
What do many people have today off?
Who was president of Exhibitor Relations Co.?
What did Dergarabedian say Tom Hanks were?
What has the movie grossed since opening Wednesday?
Who was Paul Dergarabedian?
Who was the mouse tale ``Stuart Little''?
What did Supernova debut in?
What broke the record of 18 movies set in 1998?
What did Dergarabedian say they were?
What was Stuart Little?
What benefitted from release during the Rev. Martin Luther King Jr. holiday weekend?
What was David Tuckerman head of?
What is the Given Sunday?
What did the sequel to the 1995 film ``Friday'' take in Friday through Sunday?
When did Stuart Little gross $106. 8 million?
What did Tuckerman say we were sold out over?
What was a sci-fi adventure featuring James Spader and Angela Bassett?
What went on to become a video hit?
Who said, ``All these Oscar films are terrific''?
What did David Tuckerman release?
Who was head of distribution for New Line?
What have today off work?
Who released the movie?
What does Inc. track?
When tracks the box office?
What did the comedy offer?
What was compared with $6,259 for ``The Hurricane'' and $4,311?
What was the reigning box-office champ?
Who grossed $106. 8 million in about five weeks?
What did the 18th and 19th films break?
Who was $6 million?
What did ``The Hurricane,'' which opened in limited release for Academy Award consideration around Christmas, come in at with $9. 1 million?
Who did Dergarabedian say were the 18th and 19th films released in 1999 to pass $100 million?
What has given way to the neighborhood bully?
What has another battle with the bully from the first movie of prison bent on revenge in ``Next Friday''?
What the movie appeals to?
Who said we were sold out all over the place?
What did Supernova fizzle with $5. 7 million in?
What played well in white areas?
What expanded to 1,454 theaters Friday?
Who did Tuckerman say were sold out all over the place?
Who was the No. 1 movie three of the last four weekends?
Who does the movie star?
Who was Interrupted?
When does Ice Cube have another battle with the bully from the first movie of prison bent on revenge?
Who said, ``in terms of audience satisfaction and escapist entertainment, this offers people something they 've been waiting for''?
What is the country maturing about?
What took in $14. 5 million Friday through Sunday?
Who dropped to second place with $9. 7 million?
Who stars Denzel Washington in the prison saga of boxer Rubin ``Hurricane'' Carter?
What was Supernova?
What casts?
What has grossed $19. 1 million since opening Wednesday?
Who said they were the 18th and 19th films released in 1999 to pass $100 million?
Where did the movie play well?
What appeals to all audiences?
What fizzled with $5. 7 million in 2,280 theaters?
What did Stuart Little drop to second place with?
What did Supernova fizzle with in 2,280 theaters?
Where did Tuckerman say we were sold out?
What debuted in eighth place?
Where did Stuart Little drop with $9. 7 million?
What was the impressive $13,146 the screen compared with?
What was Mr. Ripley?
When do many people have off work?
Where did Supernova debut?
What does Ice Cube have in ``Next Friday''?
What did the film benefit from during the Rev. Martin Luther King Jr. holiday weekend?
What is $4. 8 million?
What did Stuart Little drop to with $9. 7 million?
What did a modest $27 million at theaters?
What offered some frivolous fare in a movie market crowded with Oscar contenders?
What gets out?
What it appeals to?
What was Paul Dergarabedian president of?
What did Stuart Little gross in about five weeks?
When did the film benefit from release?
What is maturing about that?
What was Andrzej Wajda premier director of?
Who was the Oscar show broadcast on ABC with as host?
What did he point out during the program's opening number?
What were the academy?
What disappeared from a loading dock at Roadway Express on March 8?
What did academy voters complain for?
What did Willie get for finding the 52 Oscars?
Who did Jolie say you 're?
What did academy voters complain that they had not received their ballots for?
What were the awards presentations?
What heightened as Miramax put on an ad blitz?
What was he given by the shipping company and two tickets to Sunday's show?
Who did the academy mean had to work overtime on awards weekend?
Who became an instant celebrity?
What was the Oscar show broadcast on with Billy Crystal as host?
When did a shipment of 55 shiny new Oscar statuettes from the Chicago manufacturer disappear from a loading dock at Roadway Express?
What was Scientific or not, the survey?
Who was Andrzej Wajda?
Who put on an ad blitz?
Who pointed out the Oscar hero during the program's opening number?
Who stumbled across 52 of the missing awards while rummaging through a trash container?
Whose clincher for best buzz going into the Oscar show was Scientific or not, the survey?
What did a shipment of 55 shiny new Oscar statuettes from the Chicago manufacturer disappear from on March 8?
What was he given a $50,000 reward by to Sunday's show?
When do the awards show capped one?
What did Salvage man Willie Fulgear point out during the program's opening number?
What meant the accountants had to work overtime on awards weekend?
What his films?
Whose father took home an Oscar?
What had the academy printed new ballots by?
Who were when nominations were announced The Cider House Rules?
Who complained that they had not received their ballots for the final vote?
How many early awards did while The Matrix win for sound Topsy-Turvy won?
What was Salvage man Willie Fulgear given by the shipping company and two tickets to Sunday's show?
Who was it named best picture in Friday's controversial Wall Street Journal poll of 356 of?
What was he given a $50,000 reward by the shipping company and two tickets to?
What did while The Matrix win for sound won two early awards?
What was Salvage man Willie Fulgear given a $50,000 reward by to Sunday's show?
What was it named?
When did the academy mean?
What lists going into the ceremony?
What did Angelina Jolie's father take home?
What include Landscape after Battle, Man of Marble and Man of Steel?
What was american Beauty'' topped most critic named?
What won the Academy Award for best supporting actress Sunday night?
Who got $50,000 for finding the 52 Oscars?
What did Miramax put on?
What had the academy printed by the time a large supply of the ballots was found in a post office?
What does american Beauty topped most critic list going into?
What did Salvage man Willie Fulgear point out the Oscar hero during?
Who was american Beauty'' topped most critic named best picture in Friday's controversial Wall Street Journal poll of 356 of?
What was broadcast on ABC with Billy Crystal as host?
Who won an honorary award for showing both the loftiest heights and the darkest depths of the European soul?
What also extended the voting deadline a few days to last Thursday?
Whose films include Landscape after Battle, Man of Marble and Man of Steel?
Who took home an Oscar?
Who was 61?
When did the academy mean the accountants had to work overtime?
What remain missing?
Who was the Oscar show broadcast on ABC with Billy Crystal as?
Who when nominations were announced were leading contenders for best picture?
Who was given a $50,000 reward by the shipping company and two tickets to Sunday's show?
What had printed new ballots by the time a large supply of the ballots was found in a post office?
What did he point out the Oscar hero during?
When was Jolie's honor the night's first major award?
When do the awards show capped?
How many Oscars remain missing?
Who was charged with stealing the statuettes?
What did her father take home?
What Scientific or not was American Beauty's clincher for best buzz going into the Oscar show?
What show capped one of the most bizarre Oscar seasons?
What did Salvage man Willie Fulgear stumble across while rummaging through a trash container?
What was the night's first major award of the evening?
When did the academy also extend the voting deadline a few days?
What was Fulgear?
Who said you 're a great actor, but a better father?
What was Jolie's honor?
Who did Fulgear become?
What did while The Matrix win for sound Topsy-Turvy won?
What won for sound Topsy-Turvy won two early awards?
What Andrzej Wajda's films?
What did while The Matrix win for Topsy-Turvy won two early awards?
What did dreamWorks counter with a campaign for?
Who did Jolie say 're a great actor, but a better father?
What did Andrzej Wajda win for showing both the loftiest heights and the darkest depths of the European soul?
Who was premier director of Poland?
What did academy voters complain that they had not received for the final vote?
What did dreamWorks counter with for American Beauty?
What was Salvage man Willie Fulgear given a $50,000 reward by the shipping company and two tickets to?
Who countered with a campaign for American Beauty?
Whose honor was the night's first major award of the evening?
What was named best picture in Friday's controversial Wall Street Journal poll of 356 of the 5,607 voting Academy members?
What-- has been in Hollywood's Huston family for three generations?
Who did daughter Liza Minnelli win for Cabaret in 1972?
Whose Honor did John Huston direct daughter Angelica to a best supporting actress award in in 1985?
Who won for supporting actor in the same film?
What has-- The Oscar been in Hollywood's Huston family for?
What did John Huston direct daughter Angelica to in Prizzi's Honor in 1985?
What did Father Kirk Douglas win in 1995?
Who won best actress for Cabaret in 1972?
Who directed daughter Angelica to a best supporting actress award in Prizzi's Honor in 1985?
When did John Huston direct daughter Angelica to a best supporting actress award in Prizzi's Honor?
Who did-- Vincente Minnelli win in 1958?
What did Father Henry Fonda receive in 1980 and a best actor award for On Golden Pond in 1981?
What has-- The Oscar been in for three generations?
Who received an honorary Oscar in 1980 and a best actor award for On Golden Pond in 1981?
When did-- Vincente Minnelli win best director for Gigi?
When did daughter Liza Minnelli win best actress for Cabaret?
Who did John Huston direct to a best supporting actress award in Prizzi's Honor in 1985?
When did Father Kirk Douglas win an honorary Oscar?
When did Father Henry Fonda receive an honorary Oscar in 1980 and a best actor award for On Golden Pond?
Who did daughter Liza Minnelli win best actress for in 1972?
When did Father Henry Fonda receive an honorary Oscar for On Golden Pond in 1981?
What did John Huston direct daughter Angelica to a best supporting actress award in in 1985?
Who won for directing the 1948 classic The Treasure of the Sierra Madre?
Who won an honorary Oscar in 1995?
What did Father Henry Fonda receive an honorary Oscar in 1980 and a best actor award for On in 1981?
Who-- won best director for Gigi in 1958?
What confirmed Saturday that Thornton, 44, and Jolie received a marriage license Friday?
When did the Clark County Marriage License Bureau confirm that Thornton, 44, and Jolie received a marriage license Friday?
Who won an Oscar this year for her role as a hospitalized sociopath in Girl, Interrupted?
Who said the bride and groom both wore jeans for the 20-minute ceremony?
What did groom say the bride and groom both wore?
What was Thornton, 44, and Jolie?
Who did Jolie win an Oscar this year for her role as a hospitalized sociopath in?
What is the fifth marriage for Thornton and the second for Jolie?
Who played husband and wife?
What did he say the bride and groom both wore?
What did the Clark County Marriage License Bureau confirm Saturday?
Who did groom say wore jeans for the 20-minute ceremony?
What appeared together in Pushing Tin?
What was Tin?
What did chapel owner Greg Smith say Saturday the actors married about 3:30 p. m. Friday at the Little Church of the West on?
Who was 24?
Who was Tin a comedy about?
What is this?
Who did they play?
When did chapel owner Greg Smith say the actors married about 3:30 p. m. Friday at the Little Church of the West on the Las Vegas Strip?
What did Jolie win an Oscar this year for in Girl, Interrupted?
Where did chapel owner Greg Smith say Saturday the actors married about 3:30 p. m. Friday at the Little Church of the West?
Who did this play?
Who did he say wore jeans for the 20-minute ceremony?
Who was Jolie the daughter of?
Who said Saturday the actors married about 3:30 p. m. Friday at the Little Church of the West on the Las Vegas Strip?
What played husband and wife?
What did the pair appear together in Pushing?
Who did chapel owner Greg Smith say Saturday married about 3:30 p. m. Friday at the Little Church of the West on the Las Vegas Strip?
What was a comedy about frenzied air traffic controllers?
What were married here in a no-frills, quickie ceremony?
What were LAS VEGAS-- Oscar winners Billy Bob Thornton and Angelina Jolie married here in?
Who was Jolie?
What did chapel owner Greg Smith say Saturday the actors married about 3:30 p. m. Friday at on the Las Vegas Strip?
Who was the daughter of actor Jon Voight?
What did brother Jamie Haven Oscar come for?
What did she say did not become involved until a few months ago?
Who bought an old jalopy that brother Jamie Haven tore apart to learn about cars and auto theft?
Who did Bruckheimer say's beautiful she's interesting?
What does Jolie laugh off?
Who did Sena and producer Jerry Bruckheimer say threw brother Jamie Haven into the role?
What was Sway a former car thief drawn into one last night of?
Who knows we 've found each other now?
Who did brother Jamie Haven take the role of Sway to help in Gone in 60 Seconds?
Who said the actress does not care how Lara's professional and personal choices are perceived?
What did Sena and producer Jerry Bruckheimer say Jolie threw brother Jamie Haven into?
Who did Jolie say does not care how her professional and personal choices are perceived?
What is a wig with long blond dreadlocks?
Who was Sway?
Who was played by Nicolas Cage?
Whose professional and personal choices did Jolie say?
Who's kind of the bad girl?
Who stars as Lara Croft in Tomb Raider?
What does she create a lot of?
Who took the role of Sway to help her ex-lover in Gone in 60 Seconds?
What does brother Jamie Haven sit crosslegged on a bed in the Four Seasons hotel for?
What did Bruckheimer say brother Jamie Haven's beautiful?
What does brother Jamie Haven's?
Who said in an interview to promote her new movie Gone in 60 Seconds, which opens Friday none of it is true?
What did Jolie say the actress does not care?
Who said the actress does not care how her professional and personal choices are perceived?
What did brother Jamie Haven need something down to earth after?
Who said I know my responsibility is to my work?
What does brother Jamie Haven create?
Who has earned an upcoming movie's another choice that may raise eyebrows?
Who does she not fit a mold on?
Who does brother Jamie Haven not fit a mold on?
Who bought an old jalopy that she tore apart to learn about cars and auto theft?
Who said they did not become involved until a few months ago?
What is the choice that may raise eyebrows given?
Who did Sena and producer Jerry Bruckheimer say Jolie threw into the role?
Who has earned it's another choice that may raise eyebrows?
Who did Jolie say know what the films say?
Who does Jolie cop yet?
What love the bad girl?
What was not like brother Jamie Haven was carrying the picture?
Who wants to look after me?
What reads Billy Bob?
Who was brother Jamie Haven?
Who did she say did not become involved until a few months ago?
What are her choice of Hollywood roles and the adoration of gossip columnists who have found the motherlode?
Who said if the rumor is he's with me because he wants to look after me, I think that's beautiful?
Who does the latest of brother Jamie Haven's 10 tattoos read?
What did director Dominic Sena say was a departure for her and a chance to just have fun?
What did Jolie say I know?
What did Sena and producer Jerry Bruckheimer say into?
What did the tabloid talkers speculate after word leaked out about a steamy scene between Jolie and Antonio Banderas for an upcoming movie?
What was a former car thief drawn into one last night of robbery?
What. . . is different?
Who said Lara is a good role model?
What did Jolie say?
What did brother Jamie Haven need down to earth after that movie?
Whose gushing words of love for her brother at the Oscars in March did rumor-mongers hint at incest after?
What did she need down to earth after that movie?
What did she take to help her ex-lover in Gone in 60 Seconds?
Who did the tabloid talkers speculate were fooling around for real after word leaked out about a steamy scene between Jolie and Antonio Banderas for an upcoming movie?
Who did Jolie say are close siblings, nothing more?
What did she say?
What was she carrying?
Who did the gossip mill have breaking up Thornton's relationship with Laura Dern after her whirlwind Vegas marriage to Billy Bob Thornton?
Who does brother Jamie Haven not fit a mold that Hollywood would love to put on?
What did Jolie say I know my responsibility is to?
What are the awards?
Who said she's beautiful she's interesting?
Who got to be one of the boys?
What's what's weird?
What did director Dominic Sena say it was?
Whose ex-lover was played by Nicolas Cage?
What did the tabloid talkers speculate were fooling around for real after word leaked out about a steamy scene between Jolie and Antonio Banderas for an upcoming movie?
Who said Jolie threw herself into the role?
Who did Jolie say if the rumor is with, I think that's beautiful?
What is on her left shoulder?
Who did Jolie say know it will be forever?
What did Jolie say we actually felt like?
What are the awards Angelina Jolie's choice of?
Whose gushing words of love for Angelina Jolie's brother at the Oscars in March did rumor-mongers hint at incest after?
If Angelina Jolie did not meet him until I was older how many times would I probably have been married?
What does she sit crosslegged on for her interview?
Who sits crosslegged on a bed in the Four Seasons hotel for her interview?
What did she need something down to earth after?
Who came up with Friday?
Who said they met while filming Pushing Tin two years ago?
Who does he want to look after?
Who does she not fit a mold that Hollywood would love to put on?
What is the movie?
What did her supporting-actress Oscar come for?
Who did Jolie say actually felt like the people who wrote that should be a little embarrassed because they came up with it?
What starts in July?
What do I know?
What did they come up with?
What were two different lives?
Who creates a lot of print?
If I did not meet him until I was older who probably would have been married four times?
Who did brother Jamie Haven get to be one of?
How many different lives were there's work life and your private life?
Who does Jolie star as Lara Croft in?
Who did she get to be?
What does brother Jamie Haven sit crosslegged on for her interview?
Who's simple white T-shirt and blue jeans also contrast with Sway's flashy style?
Who does he look after?
Who does brother Jamie Haven's kind of?
What did brother Jamie Haven need something down to after that movie?
Who said she and brother Jamie Haven are close siblings, nothing more?
What did Sena and producer Jerry Bruckheimer say Jolie threw herself into?
Who laughs off rumors that he married her only as a friend who felt she needed looking out for?
If I did not meet him until I was older how many times would I probably have been married?
Who was carrying the picture?
What are Angelina Jolie's choice of Hollywood roles and the adoration of gossip columnists who have found the motherlode?
What has it all: the awards?
What did rumor-mongers hint at incest after?
Who did Jolie say is a good role model?
Whose professional and personal choices did Jolie say the actress does not care?
Who Oscar came for that film?
What did director Dominic Sena say the role of Sway, a former car thief drawn into one last night of robbery was?
Who has been married four times before and Jolie once previously?
Who speculated they were fooling around for real after word leaked out about a steamy scene between Jolie and Antonio Banderas for an upcoming movie?
What has Jolie earned's another choice that may raise eyebrows?
What did Jolie say in an interview to promote her new movie Gone in 60 Seconds, which opens Friday is true?
What does that's?
If I did not meet him until I was older when would I probably have been married?
Who said we actually felt like the people who wrote that should be a little embarrassed because they came up with it?
Who does Angelina Jolie want to look after?
What is due out next year?
Who hinted at incest after Jolie's gushing words of love for Angelina Jolie's brother at the Oscars in March?
Who needed something down to earth after that movie?
What had Jolie breaking up Thornton's relationship with Laura Dern after her whirlwind Vegas marriage to Billy Bob Thornton?
What are long blond dreadlocks?
What was not like she was carrying the picture?
When did the tabloid talkers come up?
What did Jolie say I know will be forever?
Who did Sena and producer Jerry Bruckheimer say threw herself into the role?
Who said Jolie threw brother Jamie Haven into the role?
What did the gossip mill have Jolie breaking up Thornton's relationship with Laura Dern after?
What did Jolie say the tabloid talkers actually felt like?
What did brother Jamie Haven say?
Who do I know 've found each other now?
What is the latest of her 10 tattoos on?
What is given the critical acclaim?
If Angelina Jolie did not meet him until I was older when would I probably have been married?
What does brother Jamie Haven create a lot of?
What did brother Jamie Haven take to help her ex-lover in Gone in 60 Seconds?
What did rumor-mongers hint at after Jolie's gushing words of love for her brother at the Oscars in March?
How many different lives were your work life and your private life?
What does she not fit that Hollywood would love to put on her?
What was brother Jamie Haven carrying?
Who does Angelina Jolie look after?
What did brother Jamie Haven say will last?
What has Jolie earned an upcoming movie's?
Who said it hurts when people just make light of things that are important to you?
What did Jolie say hurts when people just make light of things that are important to you?
Who laughs off rumors that he married brother Jamie Haven only as a friend who felt she needed looking out for?
Who did Bruckheimer say brother Jamie Haven's beautiful's interesting?
What's interpreted?
If Angelina Jolie did not meet him until I was older who probably would have been married four times?
Who do people love?
What did the gossip mill have Jolie breaking up after her whirlwind Vegas marriage to Billy Bob Thornton?
Who said this marriage will last?
What did director Dominic Sena say was a departure for brother Jamie Haven and a chance to just have fun?
Who said?
Who did Jolie say Lara is?
What came up with it?
What did she say met while filming Pushing Tin two years ago?
Who cops yet another new hairstyle for the movie?
What did Jolie say if the rumor is he's with me because he wants to look after me, I think?
What did Jolie say I know is to my work?
What were your work life and your private life?
What did she say will last?
When did Jolie say in an interview to promote her new movie Gone in 60 Seconds, which opens none of it is true?
What are a sharp contrast to brother Jamie Haven's current brunette color?
Who does not fit a mold that Hollywood would love to put on her?
What did Jolie buy?
What does she's?
Who was brother Jamie Haven the children of?
Who did Jolie say know my responsibility is to my work?
Who did she take the role of Sway to help in Gone in 60 Seconds?
What does she sit crosslegged on a bed in the Four Seasons hotel for?
What did rumor-mongers hint at after Jolie's gushing words of love for Angelina Jolie's brother at the Oscars in March?
Who said I know what the films say?
Who said brother Jamie Haven's beautiful she's interesting?
Who was her ex-lover played by?
Who said the tabloid talkers actually felt like the people who wrote that should be a little embarrassed because they came up with Friday?
Whose relationship with Laura Dern did the gossip mill have Jolie breaking up after her whirlwind Vegas marriage to Billy Bob Thornton?
Who did Jolie say if the rumor is he's with me because he wants to look after me, think that's beautiful?
Who did Jolie say she and brother Jamie Haven are?
Who does she's kind of?
Who was brother Jamie Haven's ex-lover played by?
Who was the children of actor Jon Voight?
Who came up with it?
Who did Jolie say does not care how Lara's professional and personal choices are perceived?
What is the latest of brother Jamie Haven's 10 tattoos on?
Who did she get to be one of?
What did Jolie say I know to?
What did brother Jamie Haven take the role of to help her ex-lover in Gone in 60 Seconds?
What were there's work life and your private life?
Who said I know it will be forever?
What does she create?
Who hinted at incest after Jolie's gushing words of love for her brother at the Oscars in March?
Who did she say met while filming Pushing Tin two years ago?
What are the awards her choice of?
Who did Jolie say actually felt like the people who wrote that should be a little embarrassed because they came up with Friday?
Who said it was a departure for her and a chance to just have fun?
Who did brother Jamie Haven get to be?
Who does the latest of her 10 tattoos read?
Who did Bruckheimer say she's beautiful's interesting?
What does Jolie star as in Tomb Raider?
When does shooting start?
What did Bruckheimer say she's beautiful?
What did the tabloid talkers speculate they were fooling around for real after?
What has Jolie earned it's?
Who would not be half as strong and clear and OK as I am today without him?
What are a sharp contrast to her current brunette color?
What did Jolie say in Friday none of it is true?
Whose choice of Hollywood roles and the adoration of gossip columnists who have found the motherlode are the awards?
What did she take the role of to help her ex-lover in Gone in 60 Seconds?
Who does look after me?
What does brother Jamie Haven not fit that Hollywood would love to put on her?
What did she need something down to after that movie?
What do I know we 've found now?
What did Jolie say in Friday none of word leaked out about a steamy scene between Jolie and Antonio Banderas for an upcoming movie is true?
Who was older?
Whose House was third in its second weekend?
What are people looking for in the summer?
What did well in limited release?
How many Seconds are $25. 5 million?
What was the strong $13,226 per-cinema average compared to?
What took in $8. 8 million?
When are people looking for escape?
Starring Ralph Fiennes in a saga that follows three generations of a Hungarian-Jewish family, what did Sunshine debut with in seven theaters?
Who was produced by action master Jerry Bruckheimer?
What did Paul Dergarabedian say do not matter?
How many new movies did well in limited release?
Who promised some fun?
Starring Ralph Fiennes in a saga that follows three generations of a Hungarian-Jewish family, what debuted with $92,583 in seven theaters?
Who was president of Exhibitor Relations?
What does Exhibitor Relations track?
What are to be released Monday?
What took in $16. 8 million?
What will gone in 60 Seconds likely be gone from next weekend?
What had a strong $13,226 per-cinema average for Gone in 60 Seconds?
What gone in 60 Seconds will be gone from the top spot next weekend?
What was third in its second weekend?
What was produced by action master Jerry Bruckheimer?
What did Dinosaur take in?
Whose House took in $16. 8 million?
Who was Paul Dergarabedian?
When will gone likely be gone from the top spot next weekend?
Who was Paul Dergarabedian president of?
What did Momma's House take in?
What passed Gladiator, which has taken in $150. 2 million, as the top-grossing flick so far this year?
What did two new movies do well in?
What did the movie's trailers promise?
What are looking for escape in the summer?
When was Momma's House third?
What are 60 Seconds?
Who tracks the box office?
What did the movie have for Gone in 60 Seconds?
Who is Angelina Jolie and Robert Duvall?
Who is Nicolas Cage?
When are final figures to be released?
Starring Ralph Fiennes in a saga that follows three generations of a Hungarian-Jewish family, what did Sunshine debut with $92,583 in?
Who was it produced by?
Who said bad reviews do not matter?
When are $25. 5 million?
When will gone in 60 Seconds likely be gone from the top spot?
Who was Nicolas Cage produced by?
What had the Martin Lawrence comedy grossed in 10 days?
When had the Martin Lawrence comedy grossed $52 million?
What had grossed $52 million in 10 days?
What was compared to $8,483 in 3,006 theaters?
What was Thornton?
What did Thornton win a 1996 Academy Award for?
What did Thornton win for the screenplay of Sling Blade?
Who was Girl, Interrupted Oscar-winner Angelina Jolie?
Who said several years ago that he once suffered from anorexia nervosa?
Who was his wife?
Who directed Pretty Horses, starring Matt Damon and due for release Christmas Day?
Who denied reports that Thornton's ill health was due to an eating disorder?
Who was 45?
What did publicist Michelle Bega deny?
What did Bega add in?
Who left a Los Angeles hospital Wednesday?
Who did Bega add that Thornton intends to join in a couple of weeks to work on the film Bandits?
Who is recuperating at home after being treated at a hospital for a viral infection LOS ANGELES-- Sling Blade?
What did Bega add that Thornton intends to join Bruce Willis in to work on the film Bandits?
Whose wife was Girl, Interrupted Oscar-winner Angelina Jolie?
Who added that Thornton intends to join Bruce Willis in a couple of weeks to work on the film Bandits?
Who did Bega add that Thornton intends to join Bruce Willis in a couple of weeks to work on?
What is Oscar-winner Billy Bob Thornton recuperating at after being treated at a hospital for a viral infection LOS ANGELES-- Sling Blade?
What did the actor-writer-director say several years ago from?
Who won a 1996 Academy Award for the screenplay of Sling Blade?
What is Oscar-winner Billy Bob Thornton recuperating at home after being treated at a hospital for a viral infection?
Who said?
Who did Thornton direct?
Where is Oscar-winner Billy Bob Thornton recuperating after being treated at a hospital for a viral infection LOS ANGELES-- Sling Blade?
What did the actor-writer-director say several years ago that he once suffered from?
Who was Oscar-winner Billy Bob Thornton's wife?
What did Duke say for?
What did Duke say of?
Who was a Margiela spokeswoman?
What called them?
Who was Catherine Jiacomiai?
What have unisex clothes been?
Who have to?
Who said, ``The women's collection is a major part of the women's store at Barneys''?
Who said, ``There are people who do call for figure-type information and fit''?
What did Duke say that he did not accept a design fee for?
What does &UR; Randolph Duke at Emmys &lr; The little problem of not having in?
What did Duke say that he did not accept for the dresses?
What was figure-type information?
What have been a hallmark of Margiela's past work?
What is this?
Who was Sarah Gallagher?
Whose line will cost about $360 for wool trousers, $120 for cotton shirts and $185 for roomy chinos?
What made simple?
Who said it is consistent with the new attitude in men's wear of sharp but soft lines promoted by designers like Raf Simons and Alessandro Dell ` Acqua?
Who said, ``We have a lot of great relationships''?
What introduced a team of style consultants to work with customers of its new catalog?
What did the dresses call?
Who was the company's senior vice president of catalogs?
Who did NEW YORK _ &UR; Martin Margiela for Men &lr; For?
Who said that he paid out of his own pocket to have the dresses made?
Who 'm going forward?
What are like alterations?
Who will the new line be designed from scratch for?
What did he decline to say?
What did Vincent Ehly- wear buyer for Barneys say it is consistent with?
Who did we call?
What is expected to appeal also to those in search of classic clothes as directional as Margiela's designs are?
What was on pieces like T-shirts, coats and trousers that were the same design but sized differently?
What will cost about $360 for wool trousers, $120 for cotton shirts and $185 for roomy chinos?
Who did NEW YORK _ &UR; Martin Margiela for Men &lr; For, the designer is about to introduce a men's- wear line?
What will line be in?
What did Duke say that he paid out of to have them made?
Who advise on everything from fit to accessorizing outfits?
Who has to?
What did Duke say that he paid out of his own pocket to have made?
Who said?
What was body types?
What does &UR; Randolph Duke at Emmys &lr;?
What did &UR; Randolph Duke at Emmys decline to say?
What did we call?
Whose past work have unisex clothes been a hallmark of?
Who was a men's?
Who said line is consistent with the new attitude in men's wear of sharp but soft lines promoted by designers like Raf Simons and Alessandro Dell ` Acqua?
Who is looking for backing?
What did Vincent Ehly- wear buyer for Barneys say line is consistent with?
Who said, ``the dresses have a lot of great relationships''?
What did the company introduce to work with customers of its new catalog?
Who is looking for talking with prospective employers?
Who 'mes going forward?
Who did the company introduce a team of style consultants to work with?
What was the emphasis on?
What will it be in?
What is the first Banana Republic catalog?
Who declined to say how much the custom-made gowns cost?
Who had calls from a lot of stars and stylists?
What was Sarah Gallagher the company's senior vice president of?
What were the consultants reachable by telephone at?
Who said that he did not accept a design fee for the dresses?
What did the dresses have from a lot of stars and stylists?
Who did the dresses call?
Who said, ``This is really a complete wardrobe''?
Who said that he paid out of his own pocket to have them made?
What did catalog &LR; The beauty of Banana Republic is make simple?
What do the consultants advise on to accessorizing outfits?
What have consultants come?
What not so simple that some fashion-challenged customers do not need to have their hands held?
What did we have calls from?
Who did the company introduce a team of to work with customers of its new catalog?
What was Vincent Ehly?
What were the consultants reachable by at 906-2800?
What did the dresses have calls from?
What will be designed from scratch for men?
Who have come other luxury services and the ability to return items to Banana Republic stores?
What will the new line be designed from for men?
Who called them?
What had calls from a lot of stars and stylists?
What are other luxury services like?
What will Margiela's line cost?
What is likely to attract those men who wear Margiela's unisex clothes, as well as new customers?
What do the consultants advise on everything from fit to?
What did Duke say that he paid out of to have the dresses made?
Who did Duke say that he paid out of his own pocket to have made?
Who &LR; The little problem of not having a business did not stand in the way of Randolph Duke's creating clothing for the Emmy Awards show on Sunday?
Who were reachable by telephone at 906-2800?
What is the men's line expected to appeal also to those in search of classic clothes as?
What did we have from a lot of stars and stylists?
Whose line is expected to appeal also to those in search of classic clothes as directional as Margiela's designs are?
What have unisex clothes been a hallmark of?
What did _ David Wojnarowicz stay in after the galleries had moved out, and died there of AIDS at the age of 38?
What was &UR; FEATURES &LR; NY-WOJNAROWICZ _ David Wojnarowicz a decade ago?
Who spotlihts the weekend television fare: On PBS Sunday, ``The 50 Years War: Israel and the Arabs?''
When does TV-WEEKEND _ Walter Goodman spotlihts the weekend television fare:?''
What did he go?
What did _ David Wojnarowicz gain during the brief East Village art boom of the 1980's?
What have some listeners found in Elgar's work?
Who is for many people who knew him?
What did he gain fame during art boom of the 1980's?
Who can he seem embody in its doughty as in brave\/valiant, or dowdy, as in unstylish to a nation with little patience for quaint remnants?
Who do they march to at weddings?
What does Elgar deserve for more than just those ``Pomp and Circumstance'' marches?
What has a retrospective titled ``Fever: The Art of David Wojnarowicz'' opened at the New Museum of Contemporary Art in?
What do THEATER-NOTES _?
What do AT-THE-MOVIES _ News of?
What has brought the composer to attention for no reason apparent in the stars?
What reviews by New York Times critics?
Where did _ David Wojnarowicz stay after the galleries had moved out, and died there of AIDS at the age of 38?
Where does he's back in full force at the moment?
What _ Art world news and notes?
What do ART-NOTES _?
What have some listeners found a core of in his work?
What have some listeners found a core of deep humanity in?
What had moved out?
What does he's back in in full force at the moment?
What did he gain fame during the brief East Village?
Who did R. oestreich by?
What do HOMEVIDEO _?
When march to Mendelssohn at weddings?
When did &UR; MOVIES &LR; &QL; PARADISE-FILM-REVIEW _?
What had the galleries died at the age of 38?
Who have found a core of deep humanity in his work?
What do THEATER-NOTES _ News of?
What does _ David Wojnarowicz's back in New York in at the moment?
What did he stay in after the galleries had moved out, and died there of AIDS at the age of 38?
Who was Natasha Gregson Wagner?
Who kept himself outside the hype?
Who is Brian Gibson?
What do they probably not think about him most of?
What did _ David Wojnarowicz gain fame during the brief East Village's?
What had died there of AIDS at the age of 38?
What _ News of The Great White Way?
Who is Timothy Spall?
What _ ``The Children of Heaven'' in Farsi?
What Weekend Section stories from?
What _ The Antiques Column?
Who was writer?
Who was Melanie Griffiths?
Who is Stephen Rea?
What has a confluence of events brought the composer to for no reason apparent in the stars?
When had the galleries died there of AIDS?
What did &UR; OTHER ENTERTAINMENT &LR; &QL; MALCOLM-BOOK-REVIEW _ ?
What is _ David Wojnarowicz for?
When was Melanie Griffiths?
What do gLORY-FILM-REVIEW _?
What attests to the desire to read them?
What can he seem in to a nation with little patience for quaint remnants?
What have some listeners found in his work?
Who have found a core of deep humanity in Elgar's work?
What _ Reading is an essentially solitary activity?
What do commencements probably not think about Bruce?
Who _ ``Still Crazy'' with Stephen Rea?
What are showing his work?
What is he for?
What do they probably not think about him?
What does _ David Wojnarowicz's back in in full force at the moment?
Who do they probably not think about most of the rest of the year?
What have some listeners found a core of in Elgar's work?
What are ``the Children of Heaven'' in Farsi with?
What attests to the desire to read books?
What is Stephen Rea?
What does he's back in New York in at the moment?
Who is Billy Connolly?
When does _ David Wojnarowicz's back in New York in full force?
Who did _ David Wojnarowicz keep outside the hype?
What _ ``Another Day In Paradise'' with James Woods?
What was a near-mythic figure in New York a decade ago?
Who is director?
What did he gain fame during the brief East Village's?
Where has a retrospective titled ``Fever: The Art of David Wojnarowicz'' opened at the New Museum of Contemporary Art?
What has opened at the New Museum of Contemporary Art in SoHo?
Who do commencements probably not think about most of the rest of the year?
What do they march to Mendelssohn at?
Where has a retrospective titled ``Fever: The Art of David Wojnarowicz'' opened in SoHo?
Who do hEAVEN-FILM-REVIEW _?
When do ELGAR _ Americans march to Elgar as they march to Mendelssohn at weddings?
Who probably do not think about him most of the rest of the year?
Who deserves respect for more than just those ``Pomp and Circumstance'' marches?
What has just appeared?
Who was ``the Day In Paradise'' with James Woods?
Who Cotter?
What can he seem an anomalous holdover of the British Empire embody in its doughty as in brave\/valiant, or dowdy, as in unstylish to?
What had the galleries died there of at the age of 38?
Who is Jimmy Nail?
When probably do not think about Bruce most of the rest of the year?
What _ ``Olympic Glory'': Kieth Merrill?
What do commencements probably not think about Bruce most of?
What did _ David Wojnarowicz gain fame during art boom of the 1980's?
What did _ David Wojnarowicz go?
Who did &UR; OTHER ENTERTAINMENT &LR; &QL; MALCOLM-BOOK-REVIEW _ ``The Crime of''?
What does the growing popularity of reading groups and book clubs attest to?
Who Oestreich by James?
Where did he stay after the galleries had moved out, and died there of AIDS at the age of 38?
What has a confluence of events brought the composer to attention for?
What did he gain during the brief East Village art boom of the 1980's?
What do cRAZY-FILM-REVIEW _?
What _ Assessing the current cinema for children of different ages?
Where does _ David Wojnarowicz's back in full force at the moment?
What march to Mendelssohn at weddings?
What are showing _ David Wojnarowicz's work?
What do commencements march to Mendelssohn at?
Who's back in New York in full force at the moment?
Who has a confluence of events brought to attention for no reason apparent in the stars?
What did he keep himself outside?
Who went his own way?
Who was Vincent Kartheiser?
Who is Majid Maijidi?
What are several Manhattan galleries showing?
What do AT-THE-MOVIES _?
Who are with English subtitles?
Whose work have some listeners found a core of deep humanity in?
Who stayed in the neighborhood after the galleries had moved out, and died there of AIDS at the age of 38?
Whose work are several Manhattan galleries showing?
What does Elgar deserve respect for?
What do ANTIQUES-COLUMN _?
Who is Kieth Merrill?
What attests to the desire to talk about books?
What has a retrospective titled ``Fever: The Art of David Wojnarowicz'' opened at in SoHo?
Who was director?
What did _ David Wojnarowicz keep himself outside?
Who march to Mendelssohn at weddings?
Who was Larry Clark?
What _ ``The Crime of Sheila McGough''?
What probably do not think about him most of the rest of the year?
What did _ David Wojnarowicz gain fame during the brief East Village?
What march to Elgar at commencements as they march to Mendelssohn at weddings?
Who do commencements march to at weddings?
Who gained fame during the brief East Village art boom of the 1980's?
What stories from The New York Times News Service for Friday, Jan. 22?
What _ Short items on what's news in home video and short reviews of what's new in home video?
What do BOOK-CLUBS _ Reading is?
Who was artist?
Who does MOVIES-IN-BRIEF _ Capsule review by?
What _ News of the silver screen?
When does he's back in New York in full force?
What do fILMS4KIDS _ Assessing?
Who did he keep outside the hype?
What did Ms. Tam have?
What was a pirate's treasure worth of creativity?
What was Sugar Ray?
Who does Ms. Feng show that this awkward asexual proportion is not?
What's just different?
What is bad?
What did Pamela Dennis masterfully roll into her funky street-wear esthetic?
What does Juliana Holt and Vera Wang's husband own?
What does Juliana Holt and Vera Wang's husband own the San Antonio Spurs of?
What were holey sweaters and shorts over trousers?
If you were Lynn Whitfield who has to make an entrance, what did it lack?
What does Ms. Feng show us?
Who offered gauze or tulle dresses decorated with beads in the shape of palm fronds?
What is not to suggest that there were no outside influences?
Whose collection was a pirate's treasure worth of creativity?
What was a sexless season?
What did Sugar Ray send men's and women's clothes rocking down the runway together to?
What did Ms. Wang offer gauze or tulle dresses decorated with beads in?
What did Ms. Feng turn in?
Who wore so closely outlined the best of what Ms. Jolie has to offer that the white and silver racer-back gown seemed she had already been dipped in water?
What was further elevated by terrific fur vests, python patchwork pants and an evening gown of leather and wool fit for a biker princess?
What is never far from mind at Ireland?
Who does Ms. Feng show that it is not?
Who was Dawn Mello?
What did Vivienne Tam and Han Feng manage to invoke without typecasting?
Who plays the wide-eyed innocent of fashion who just might have a dirty little secret as American as cornflakes?
Who infuses the collection with a very American spirit?
What permeated Vera Wang's collection?
What should that war be text for a Kerrigan show is not surprising given from?
What does Juliana Holt and her husband own?
What was a wonderful impact of the American shows ' going first on the international calendar?
What did she masterfully roll into her funky street-wear esthetic?
What did Vivienne Tam and Han Feng manage to invoke an Asian point of without typecasting?
What does Juliana Holt and her husband own the San Antonio Spurs of?
What were turbid colors like brown, gray and loden used in?
Who were Randolph Duke's new backers?
Whose mix of sports, music and high fashion was a potent brew?
What should that war be is not surprising given that Ms. Kerrigan hails from Ireland?
Whose new backers were Juliana Holt and Vera Wang's husband?
What were like a black velvet column that made one wonder which member of his front row Hall was playing to?
Who offer a chance for more fashion-watching tomorrow?
Who was Sugar Ray?
Who owns the San Antonio Spurs of the National Basketball Association?
If Daryl Kerrigan were Dawn Mello looking for something simple and elegant for a conservative customer, what were you probably thrilled to?
Who is unquestionably pointed toward the future?
Whose clothes did Sugar Ray send rocking down the runway together to the sounds of a live rock band?
What was Ireland or the millennium that drove her?
Who was Ms. Jolie's dress by?
What have designers of evening wear pushed for after 8?
If you were Lynn Whitfield who has to make an entrance, what lacked impact?
What was Tommy Hilfiger and Daryl Kerrigan in?
Whose collection did Understatement permeate?
Who does Ms. Wang infuse the collection with?
When do the pretty, festive clothes of the many designers who showed evening wear balanced the aggressive message of designers like Ms. Kerrigan?
Who were his new backers?
Who was in her Daryl K collection?
When was this design approach?
What wear in the last days of the shows balanced the aggressive message of designers like Ms. Kerrigan?
What were menacingly dark colors intercepted by?
What was by Randolph Duke?
What were unnecessarily mundane gowns like?
What were tantalizing?
Who gives enough edge to his approachable clothes that they are just safely this side of Kmart oblivion?
What do the pretty, festive clothes of the many designers who showed evening wear in the last days of the shows balanced?
What does he give enough edge to his approachable clothes that they are just safely?
Whose treasure worth of creativity was Ms. Kerrigan's collection?
Whose Daryl K collection was Tommy Hilfiger and Daryl Kerrigan in?
Who shows Vivienne Tam and Han Feng that this awkward asexual proportion is not?
What does he give enough edge to his approachable clothes that they are just safely this side of?
What did Sugar Ray send men's and women's clothes rocking down together to the sounds of a live rock band?
Who managed to invoke an Asian point of view without typecasting?
What have designers of evening wear pushed the idea of for after 8?
What are evening-wear designers showing for fall 1999 on the whole?
Who were Juliana Holt and her husband?
Who was the designer?
Who do the pretty, festive clothes of the many designers who showed evening wear in the last days of the shows balanced the aggressive message of?
What did Randolph Duke present last week for fall the lace-and-sequin gown that Halston's Kevan Hall put on Christine Lahti for the Golden Globes presaged?
What does he give enough edge to his approachable clothes?
When did he present for fall the lace-and-sequin gown that Halston's Kevan Hall put on Christine Lahti for the Golden Globes presaged the cobweb and beaded lace gowns?
Whose decision to use all Asian, Eurasian and Afro-Asian models was regrettable?
Who are a demure bunch on the whole?
What did she masterfully roll the concept into?
Who wore so closely outlined the best of what Ms. Jolie has to offer that it seemed she had already been dipped in water?
Who was Dawn Mello the president of?
What is an awareness of violence never far from mind at?
What does he give to his approachable clothes that they are just safely this side of Kmart oblivion?
What turned up in his show last Friday?
Who was the more to underline the hip Hilfiger-music connection?
What does Hilfiger play the wide-eyed of who just might have a dirty little secret as American as cornflakes?
Who sent men's and women's clothes rocking down the runway together to the sounds of a live rock band?
Who was Lynn Whitfield?
What did Tommy Hilfiger and Daryl Kerrigan rip with wonderful abandon into?
What does he give enough edge to that they are just safely this side of Kmart oblivion?
What was the collection?
What turned up in Randolph Duke's show last Friday?
What did Sugar Ray send rocking down the runway together to the sounds of a live rock band?
What were masterly?
What did Ms. Jolie's dress turn up in?
What does the black and white outfit designed by Pamela Dennis for Calista Flockhart begot long trumpet skirt on?
Whose dress turned up in his show last Friday?
What were his new backers in?
Where is an awareness of violence never far from mind?
What was Sugar Ray's mix of sports, music and high fashion?
What was a potent brew?
Who's just different?
When was it?
What was war?
What does Yohji Yamamoto make?
Whose dress turned up in Randolph Duke's show last Friday?
What was it?
What was a wonderful impact of the American shows ' going first on the international calendar that designers plumbed rather than European?
What were intercepted by flashes of reflective utilitarian orange or white in luxuriously ragged shearling coats or nylon hooded jackets that partly hid the models ' faces?
Who presented last week for fall the lace-and-sequin gown that Halston's Kevan Hall put on Christine Lahti for the Golden Globes presaged the cobweb and beaded lace gowns?
What did Pamela Dennis masterfully roll the concept into?
Who shows us that it is not?
What is an awareness of violence never far from at Ireland?
Whose new backers were in the audience?
Who was in Pamela Dennis's Daryl K collection?
Who makes this awkward asexual proportion look easy?
What took place last month?
What does Ms. Wang infuse with a very American spirit?
What was regrettable?
Who masterfully rolled the concept into her funky street-wear esthetic?
What does Ms. Feng show Vivienne Tam and Han Feng?
What have become a huge influence on fashion?
What should that war be from?
Who was a diva?
Who does Hilfiger play the wide-eyed innocent of fashion who just might have a dirty little secret as?
What was Ms. Kerrigan's collection a pirate's treasure worth of?
Who was Juliana Holt and her husband?
What did she wear so closely outlined?
What are evening-wear designers showing for fall 1999 a demure bunch on?
What was his mix of sports, music and high fashion?
What did he present last week for fall the lace-and-sequin gown that Halston's Kevan Hall put on Christine Lahti for the Golden Globes presaged?
If you were Dawn Mello looking for something simple and elegant for a conservative customer, what were you probably thrilled to?
If you were Dawn Mello looking for something simple and elegant for a conservative customer, what were you probably thrilled to bits _ even?
What did Understatement permeate?
Whose dress was by Randolph Duke?
What were used in mandarin jackets over wide-leg trousers?
When did the shows end?
What were like a black velvet column that made one wonder which member of Daryl Kerrigan Hall was playing to?
Who were Juliana Holt and Vera Wang's husband?
If Daryl Kerrigan were Dawn Mello looking for something simple and elegant for a conservative customer, what were you probably thrilled to bits _ even?
What did Ms. Wang offer decorated with beads in the shape of palm fronds?
What was that designers plumbed American culture and style rather than European?
When is she unquestionably pointed?
What did Ms. Jolie wear so closely outlined?
What were slim pants?
What did Randolph Duke present last week for fall presaged the cobweb and beaded lace gowns?
When was it uplifting to see Duke back on the runways after his unceremonious exit from Halston?
What should be text for a Kerrigan show is not surprising given that Ms. Kerrigan hails from Ireland?
Who was Peter?
What were Randolph Duke's new backers in?
Who have pushed the idea of knits for after 8?
Who ripped with wonderful abandon into both ends of the sexless spectrum?
Who turned in an uncharacteristically dank collection?
Who were in the audience?
What did he present last week for fall presaged the cobweb and beaded lace gowns?
What does Yohji Yamamoto make look easy?
What was uplifting to see Duke back on the runways after his unceremonious exit from Halston last summer?
What should that war be text for a Kerrigan show is not surprising given that Ms. Kerrigan hails from?
When is Vivienne Tam and Han Feng unquestionably pointed?
Who had her false starts?
What have awards shows like the Golden Globes become?
What does Hilfiger play as American as cornflakes?
What ended Friday?
What skirts on the catwalk?
Whose show last Friday did Ms. Jolie's dress turn up in?
Who was the president of Bergdorf Goodman?
What was Ms. Kerrigan's collection?
Who was Juliana Holt and Vera Wang's husband?
Who figurines?
What is to anyone who has served in Washington?
What was &UR;- Norm Macdonald &LR; interviewed just before?
Who do &UR; Yakov Smirnoff &LR; only like _ everyone else is?
What was Inc.?
What did the photo appear first in?
Where does &UR; Yakov Smirnoff &LR; immigrate?
What is &LR; &LR; &UR; WHO SAID WHAT &LR; &UR; Having your portrait painted?
Who would have wanted Inc. that way?
What temporarily disrupts production of porcelain pixie?
When should it be noted?
What are &UR; Yakov Smirnoff &LR; framed?
What will- The Sony Pictures film remake of ``Charlie's Angels'' star &UR; Drew Barrymore &LR; says?
What was in the latest?
What do I only like guys that were famous before I got into show business _ is?
Who had dropped by two-thirds?
What had Witt posed for?
What do I only like guys that were famous before I got into show business _?
What did P. S. tell San Francisco magazine that male lawyers are using Botox to paralyze facial muscles so that their faces will not reveal their emotions In?
Who do I only like _ everyone else is?
What did a court in Germany rule that therefore, a Frankfurt newspaper could legally reprint a photograph of skating nude?
Who immigrates to America?
When was the value of that company's shares?
Who is pleased to report that in February, a year after Vanity Fair posthumously published &UR; Jaclyn Smith's essay raking the funeral conglomerate Service Corp.?
What did a court in Germany rule?
Who does Los Angeles's cool seeing from the old days?
What do &UR; Yakov Smirnoff &LR; only like?
Who are painted into a &LR; &UR; corner?
Whose widower is &UR; Bob Treuhaft &LR;?
What do &UR; Yakov Smirnoff &LR; only like guys that were famous before I got into show business _ is?
What are you painted into?
When does it's cool seeing celebrities?
Who does World War II temporarily disrupt production of?
What do I only like?
When does Los Angeles's cool seeing celebrities?
Who only like guys that were famous before I got into show business _ everyone else is?
Who _ &UR; Farrah Fawcett &LR;, &UR; Kate &LR; &UR; Jackson &LR; and &UR; Jaclyn Smith &LR; _ are said to have been asked to make cameo appearances?
When should it be noted that most of them _ being easily?
What are you framed?
Who is &UR; Bob Treuhaft &LR;?
What does World War II temporarily disrupt?
Who are &LR; &UR; framed?
What's cool seeing celebrities from the old days?
What appeared first in Playboy magazine?
What was interviewed just before his sitcom's debut Rolling Stone?
What did P. S. tell San Francisco magazine In other accounts of masculine hardships?
What is a strange experience?
What should be noted that most of them _ being easily forgettable _ are from the last quarter of the 20th century?
What will- The Sony Pictures film remake of ``Charlie's Angels'' star?
Who does it's cool seeing from the old days?
What- will star &UR; Drew Barrymore &LR; says the BBC?
Who did a court in Germany rule that &UR; Katarina Witt &LR; is?
Who is &LR; &UR; framed?
Who is Mitford's widower?
What did &UR;- Norm Macdonald &LR; say that he agreed to live in only to be near his 6-year-old son?
What ruled that therefore, a Frankfurt newspaper could legally reprint a photograph of her ice skating nude?
Who are hung out to dry?
Who would have wanted it that way?
What does &UR; Yakov Smirnoff &LR; immigrate to?
When did &LR;- Former Secretary of State &UR; Warren Christopher &lr; at the unveiling of his portrait in the State Department?
What was his sitcom's debut in?
What did a court in Germany rule that therefore, a Frankfurt newspaper could legally reprint skating nude?
Who got into show business?
What is the &LR; &UR; same time to?
What &LR; at the unveiling of his portrait in the State Department last week?
What did &LR;- Former Secretary of State &UR; Warren Christopher &lr; at last week?
Where did &UR;- Norm Macdonald &LR; say?
Who is hung out to dry?
Where did &UR;- Norm Macdonald &LR; say that he agreed to live only to be near his 6-year-old son?
Who were masculine hardships?
What did I get into?
Who said, ``Los Angeles is all show-business people''?
What was &UR; Yakov Smirnoff &LR;'s sitcom's debut in?
What had Inc. dropped by?
What do the grandes dames of the series _ &UR; Farrah Fawcett &LR;, &UR; Kate &LR; &UR; Jackson &LR; and &UR; Jaclyn Smith?
Who is pleased to report that in February, a year after Vanity Fair posthumously published her essay raking the funeral conglomerate Service Corp.?
What did &UR;- Norm Macdonald &LR; say in?
What ruled that &UR; Katarina Witt &LR; is a public figure?
Who should it be noted that most of them _ being easily are from the last quarter of the 20th century?
When should it be noted that most of them _ being easily forgettable _ are?
Who is painted into a &LR; &UR; corner?
What do the grandes dames of the series _ &LR; _ are said to have been asked to make cameo appearances?
Who will- The Sony Pictures film remake of ``Charlie's Angels'' star says the BBC?
What was Inc. the value of?
What were cosmetic dermatologist?
Who did &UR;- Norm Macdonald &LR; say that he agreed to live in Los Angeles only to be near?
What do &UR; Yakov Smirnoff &LR; only like guys that were famous before I got into show business _?
What said that he agreed to live in Los Angeles only to be near his 6-year-old son?
What did &UR; Yakov Smirnoff &LR; get into?
Who had posed for the photo?
Who only likes guys that were famous before I got into show business _ everyone else is?
What are &UR; Yakov Smirnoff &LR; painted into?
Who is &UR; (Cindy Pearlman? )
What did she always sit at?
Who do I make real?
Who's usually reading or writing or acting on the stage?
Where did she always sit?
What does she's straightforward and yet a bit mysterious on like so many others?
What does Angelina Jolie also know does not improve when actresses mature and lose their status as the Next Big Thing?
What would her actress mother provide the kids with costumes for?
Who was she married to?
What has paid handsome dividends since the beautiful Jolie began using her talents for more than family productions?
What's such an important one to express?
Who is Girl Interrupted the true story of?
What was home absorbed in?
Where did Angelina Jolie always sit?
What does Jolie often obliquely refer to ``things'' in?
What does she give passionate performances in otherwise forgettable fare like ``Hackers'' and the recent ``Playing by''?
What did Angelina Jolie play a doomed fashion model in?
What will Jolie's name appear above the title for the first time in Angelina Jolie's young career on?
Who is fun?
What's almost as if outside of acting, she cannot find the motivation to grow?
What does she bring a hell of?
What does that's to express?
Who does Jolie not go into too many specifics about her early years with?
Who plays an unhappy wife given to consuming vodka by the barrel in the current air-traffic controller comedy?
What's all Angelina Jolie's willing to give?
Who's not quite sure how to stop giving?
Who was constantly challenged to examine her feelings?
What had Jolie just finished Gia?
What is Girl Interrupted?
Who encouraged her as well?
Who does she reveal through her acting?
What told Jolie to be quiet or stop talking?
What 've also helped me live my life?
What does Angelina Jolie give ``Playing by Heart''?
Who has stolen every movie she has appeared in?
Whose name will appear above the title for the first time in her young career on that one?
What must Voight have always considered?
If outside of acting, what can Angelina Jolie not find?
What does Jolie play an unhappy wife given to consuming vodka by the barrel in?
What's a real experience that I remember forever?
What did the beautiful Jolie begin using her talents for?
What was Angelina Jolie the wife of in the latter?
What did Angelina Jolie always sit at?
What had Jolie just finished Gia that she figured she 'd never see the likes of again?
Who says, ``The world is full of beautiful girls''?
Who was Angelina Jolie in the latter?
Who does she's constantly looking for to play that will help her evolve as a person?
What does father Voight say, ``the signals were always there to''?
What do I get close to?
Who would like to keep building on that but realizes that challenging roles for young actresses are few and far between?
Who did Jolie's father encourage as well?
What will appear above the title for the first time in her young career on that one?
What does Angelina Jolie's?
What did I have I had always wanted in my life?
Who did Angelina Jolie play in the former?
Who do &LR; LOS ANGELES _ at!''
Who did not know if I was going to be hungry again in my life for certain things?
When does Jolie not go into too many specifics with Voight?
What would her actress mother provide the kids with for elaborate performances?
What's almost as if outside of acting, Angelina Jolie cannot find the motivation to grow?
Who was a little girl?
Who was constantly challenged to question the world around her?
What had Jolie just finished Gia that she figured she 'd never see again?
Who would Angelina Jolie's actress mother provide with costumes for elaborate performances?
Who does Jolie play in the current air-traffic controller comedy?
Who did Bertrand give?
Who have those things helped as an actress?
Who does Jolie play?
Who says, ``the signals were always there that she might give that to acting''?
Who does Angelina Jolie's constantly looking for characters to play that will help her evolve as?
Who says, ``She has always had a tremendous amount of energy''?
Who has worked constantly for the past 18 months?
Who does she's constantly looking for characters to play that will help her evolve as?
What was Gia?
What does Emmy nod for ``Gia'' and ``George Wallace''?
Who did she play in the former?
What's all she's willing to give?
What's my life?
Who began using her talents for more than family productions?
Who had just finished Gia that she figured she 'd never see the likes of it again?
Who did not know what more I had to give?
What's enough?
Who does Angelina Jolie's constantly looking for characters to play as?
What is honest, intelligent, gorgeous and divinely talented?
What should find cause for celebration with Jolie's upcoming trio of movies?
What later will be The Bone Collector playing a cop partnered with Denzel Washington?
What should audiences find cause for celebration with?
What did Jolie notice that her characters were taking trips and going out to dinner while she always sat at home at?
Who says, ``For me, acting is a real experience''?
Who does she's constantly looking for characters to play as?
Who was actor Jon Voight?
What nods for the cable movies ``Gia'' and ``George Wallace''?
What did I not know?
What's not just a movie?
What will Jolie's name appear above for the first time in her young career on that one?
What does Angelina Jolie's straightforward and yet a bit mysterious on like so many others?
Who has Angelina Jolie stolen every movie has appeared in?
Who makes them real?
Who says, ``the world 're not Angelina Jolie''?
What has Angelina Jolie stolen she has appeared in?
Who knows there's a false reality to acting, but the way I do it?
Whose upcoming trio of movies should audiences find cause for celebration with?
What did she play a doomed fashion model in?
What does it's to express?
Who does Angelina Jolie's constantly looking for characters to play that will help evolve as a person?
What was absorbed in the process of soaking up trips's fictional lives?
What do I know to?
If outside of acting, who cannot find the motivation to grow?
What do they 've also helped me live?
Who 've also helped me live my life?
What does it's?
What does Angelina Jolie reveal herself through?
Whose professional life was Acting!
What does she's?
Who gave her a middle name that could double as a surname and thus relieve her of an unwanted burden?
Whose father was actor Jon Voight?
Who gets close to people?
Who did I have all the things there was still something about that was very empty?
Who 'mes hoping to keep changing?
Who was Jolie's father?
Who met while actor Jonny Lee Miller making ``Hackers''?
How many turns displayed an incredible range?
Who is the true story of a young woman wrongly placed in a mental institution?
What is she not on?
Who gives passionate performances in otherwise forgettable fare like ``Hackers'' and the recent ``Playing by Heart''?
Who was Angelina Jolie married to?
What has Angelina Jolie stolen every movie?
Who says, ``the signals were always there that Angelina Jolie might give that to acting''?
Who does Angelina Jolie reveal through her acting?
Who also knows the situation does not improve when actresses mature and lose their status as the Next Big Thing?
Whose father encouraged her as well?
Who does she's straightforward and yet a bit mysterious on this subject like?
What's what life is all about?
What was her professional life!
What has she stolen every movie?
Who do they 've also helped live my life?
What are entirely interwoven?
What will Jolie's name appear above the title for the first time in her young career on?
Who stars?
What does she bring?
Who's fun?
Who gave Angelina Jolie?
Who do I open up to because that's the way I 'm opening up?
Who does she's constantly looking for characters to play that will help evolve as a person?
What are so much alike?
What did Angelina Jolie take once?
Who is not on a set?
Who did nobody ever tell to be quiet or stop talking?
What did she take once?
Who says, ``Angelina Jolie has a very strong, specific presence on screen''?
Who says, ``they 're not Angelina Jolie''?
Who had Jolie just finished Gia that she figured 'd never see the likes of it again?
What sounds as though Jolie is always working?
Who was the wife of an American icon in the latter?
Who was Angelina Jolie?
What is Ange?
What does she reveal herself through?
Who would provide the kids with costumes for elaborate performances?
What do I open up to because that's the way I 'm opening up?
Who encouraged Angelina Jolie as well?
What is C'mon?
Who did take a break once?
Who would happily oblige?
What had Jolie just finished that she figured she 'd never see the likes of it again?
Whose actress mother would provide the kids with costumes for elaborate performances?
Who says, ``Angelina Jolie has always had a tremendous amount of energy''?
What does Angelina Jolie give passionate performances in otherwise forgettable fare like ``Hackers'' and the recent ``Playing by''?
What was Angelina Jolie's professional life!
When has Jolie worked constantly?
Who knows there's a need for it?
Who had all the things there was still something about me that was very empty?
What would Angelina Jolie's actress mother provide the kids with costumes for?
What did I have all the things I had always wanted in?
What displayed an incredible range?
Who is always working?
Who was married to actor Jonny Lee Miller?
What have helped me as an actress?
Who 'mes hoping to keep growing?
What did the beautiful Jolie begin using for more than family productions?
What would Jolie like to keep building on?
Who worked with Jolie on ``Wallace''?
What was absorbed in the process of soaking up their fictional lives?
Who's constantly looking for characters to play that will help her evolve as a person?
Who does not go into too many specifics about her early years with Voight?
What did I have all the things?
What had Jolie just finished Gia that she figured?
What do I know?
Who took a break?
What does Emmy nod for the cable movies?
Who would her actress mother provide with costumes for elaborate performances?
Who had all the things I had always wanted in my life?
Who readily admits as much?
Who says, ``She has a very strong, specific presence on screen''?
What does it's not just?
What would Angelina Jolie's actress mother provide the kids with for elaborate performances?
What should audiences find with Jolie's upcoming trio of movies?
Who have those things helped me as?
Who always sat at home?
What has Jolie really made?
What does it's a real experience?
What does that's?
What does she also know?
Who's straightforward and yet a bit mysterious on this subject like so many others?
What will Jolie's name appear above for the first time in Angelina Jolie's young career on that one?
Who was growing up?
What does it's that I remember forever?
What has the preparation paid since the beautiful Jolie began using her talents for more than family productions?
Who was achingly unhappy?
Who brings a hell of a lot to the party?
What does Angelina Jolie bring a hell of?
What will appear above the title for the first time in Angelina Jolie's young career on that one?
Who was she in the latter?
Who has she stolen every movie has appeared in?
If Hollywood does not want to accept that or is critical of me for growing up and aging what does that's their loss because I know?
What's the way I 'm opening up?
What did Jolie take?
Who plays her schizophrenic friend?
Who did director John Frankenheimer work with on ``Wallace''?
What does she also know does not improve when actresses mature and lose their status as the Next Big Thing?
What was I not really doing?
Who played a doomed fashion model in the former?
Who was not really doing anything?
Whose name sounds as though Jolie is always working?
Who does Angelina Jolie's straightforward and yet a bit mysterious on this subject like?
What should he and Bertrand she choose?
Who did I have all the things had always wanted in my life?
What was Angelina Jolie the wife of an American icon in?
What did I have all the things there was still?
If outside of acting, what can she not find?
What did the two turns display?
What do I make real?
What might make me more aggressive to go through that transition because it's such an important one to express, ``In fact''?
What was she the wife of in the latter?
Whose father encouraged Angelina Jolie as well?
Who might it make more aggressive to go through that transition because it's such an important one to express, ``In fact''?
If Hollywood does not want to accept of for growing up and aging who does that's their loss because I know there's a need for it?
What was she the wife of an American icon in?
What's not fake?
What did Bertrand give her a middle name that could double as a surname and thus relieve her of?
What was Acting!
What was a part so rich and so complex?
Who did director John Frankenheimer work with Jolie on?
What does Jolie not go into about her early years with Voight?
Who reveals herself through her acting?
Who opens up to them because that's the way I 'm opening up?
What does Angelina Jolie also know?
What does she give ``Playing by Heart''?
What did I have there was still something about me that was very empty?
What has she stolen she has appeared in?
Who are so much alike?
Who has really made her mark?
Who must have always considered the possibility?
What do I know there's?
What did Jolie notice to at one point?
What is Angelina Jolie not on?
What will Jolie's name appear above the title for on that one?
Who should she choose a show-business career?
Who does Angelina Jolie's constantly looking for to play that will help her evolve as a person?
Whose name will appear above the title for the first time in Angelina Jolie's young career on that one?
Who noticed that her characters were taking trips and going out to dinner while she always sat at home at one point?
What did I have all the things in?
What does Angelina Jolie bring?
What did Taylor say three other MGM releases _ ``The Thomas Crown Affair,'' ``Stigmata'' and ``Tea With Mussolini'' _ also performed above?
What is one of the most profitable of the decades-long franchise?
What did studio officials say Tuesday LOS ANGELES _ helped drive Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer Inc. to its strongest quarter in a dozen years?
What ended up in the red for all of 1999?
What does the 1999 loss reflect a pretax charge of to cover restructuring costs?
When is the latest Bond film expected to continue to fill MGM's coffers?
Who was senior vice president at Denver-based investment firm Hanifren?
What did Santa Monica-based MGM earn?
What were resecured without a cash outlay?
What did studio officials say Tuesday LOS ANGELES _ to?
What did MGM outline?
What did Taylor say _ also performed above expectations?
What does this compare with in the 1998 fourth quarter?
What did MGM lose?
Who credited the improved quarterly performance to a variety of factors?
What do you exclude is Not Enough ' in the fourth quarter?
What did Matthew Harrigan say the actions of new management seem to be putting MGM back on?
What did studio officials say Tuesday _ Agent 007 and a massive restructuring effort helped drive Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer Inc. to its strongest quarter in a dozen years?
What were the rights resecured without?
What was 8 cents per share?
What was one in?
What did Matthew Harrigan say on?
What did the company end up in?
What did studio officials say Tuesday LOS ANGELES _ Agent 007 and a massive restructuring effort helped drive Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer Inc. to?
What was digital video disc?
What did this year start inauspiciously for?
What is the latest Bond film one of?
What was one the success of MGM films on digital video disc previously tied up in to outside companies?
What do they 've cobbled together?
What does this compare with a loss of $43. 7 million, or 41cents, on revenue of $383. 4 million in?
What do you exclude the performance of ` The World is Not ' in the fourth quarter?
Who was Matthew Harrigan?
What is it released to?
What did Dan Taylor credit to a variety of factors?
Who was the studio's senior executive vice president and chief financial officer?
What was a format with fatter margins than VHS tapes; cutbacks in staffing and overhead; and the resecuring of video and television rights?
What is the latest Bond film?
What reflects a pretax charge of $440 million to cover restructuring costs?
How many cents per share was $15. 2 million?
What outlined a slate of 14 films for 2001?
What was $3. 36 a share?
What lost $157. 65 million?
What did the company lose?
When did MGM record its second consecutive profitable quarter?
What recorded its second consecutive profitable quarter during the final three months of 1999?
What was one the success of MGM films on digital video disc previously tied up in long-term deals to?
When is it expected to continue to fill MGM's coffers?
What is the latest Bond film released to?
What does the latest Bond film collect so far at the worldwide box office?
What did Matthew Harrigan say the actions of new management seem to be putting back on track?
What was the success of MGM films on digital video disc previously tied up in long-term deals to outside companies?
What do you exclude the performance of ` The World is Not Enough ' in?
What collects more than $320 million so far at the worldwide box office?
What did Matthew Harrigan say seem to be putting MGM back on track?
What was improved video results and a corporate overhaul?
What was Imhoff Inc.?
What did MGM outline a slate of?
What lost $530. 9 million?
What was $15. 2 million?
Who said the actions of new management seem to be putting MGM back on track?
Who said but more importantly, there's good momentum on the deal side?
What was Enough?
What was $530. 9 million?
What does the 1999 loss reflect?
What does the latest Bond film collect more than $320 million so far at?
What did Dan Taylor credit the improved quarterly performance to?
What was $2. 08 a share?
Who said Tuesday LOS ANGELES _ Agent 007 and a massive restructuring effort helped drive Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer Inc. to its strongest quarter in a dozen years?
Who did studio officials say Tuesday LOS ANGELES _ Agent 007 and a massive restructuring effort helped drive to its strongest quarter in a dozen years?
Who was Dan Taylor?
What 've cobbled together a nice film slate for 2001?
What did MGM record during the final three months of 1999?
What do you exclude in?
What is expected to continue to fill MGM's coffers this year?
What is released to pay-TV and video?
Who excludes the performance of ` The World is Not Enough ' in the fourth quarter?
What compares with a loss of $43. 7 million, or 41cents, on revenue of $383. 4 million in the 1998 fourth quarter?
When did studio officials say LOS ANGELES _ Agent 007 and a massive restructuring effort helped drive Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer Inc. to its strongest quarter in a dozen years?
What was $157. 65 million?
Who was denver-based investment firm Hanifren?
Who 've cobbled together a nice film slate for 2001?
What earned $15. 2 million?
What was one previously tied up in long-term deals to outside companies?
Who said three other MGM releases _ ``The Thomas Crown Affair,'' ``Stigmata'' and ``Tea With Mussolini'' _ also performed above expectations?
When started inauspiciously for MGM?
What does each have?
Whose movies have historically done well in this category?
Who was upstaged by co-star Haley Joel Osment and by the movie's twist?
What did we decide to start with?
What is Girl?
What does Sevigny give a heart to?
When did Jon Voight win for ``Coming Home'' _ cannot hurt?
Who is Keener?
What take precedence over director on the official Academy Awards Web site?
If I were able to vote, who 'd pick Sevigny?
Who is more of an unknown _?
What does it's?
What was Empathy ending?
Who decided?
Who's my bet for who 'll take home the statue?
What does she's?
What has each risen up from?
Who won in 1978 for ``Coming Home'' _ cannot hurt?
What does Sevigny give to the otherwise dark?
Who is a busier, more versatile actress?
What did some Life & Arts staff members decide that we should do during a meeting to discuss Oscar coverage?
What comprise?
What does Morton's?
What has risen up from the ranks of premium-cable TV and independent films?
What's a wide-open race?
Who gives a heart to the otherwise dark?
Who also have some indie-film cred?
What was it ending?
What would Jolie appear to have?
What was Best?
What do Collette and Sevigny also have?
What mean ``Boys Do not Cry''?
Who decided to start with the ``lowest'' award?
Who is Interrupted?
Who is supremely empathetic as the troubled mother of a haunted little boy in ``The Sixth Sense?''
Who's in a Woody Allen movie?
What was Picture?
What have Allen's movies historically done well in?
Who's a wide-open race?
What did Empathy play well in?
What was a pleasant surprise to see the academy recognize this ending?
What does she's in?
What played well in this category?
What is Morton more of?
Who does Jolie walk away with ``Girl'' as?
If I were able to vote, who 'd I pick?
Who is Toni Collette supremely empathetic as?''
Who does Jolie walk away with'' as a sociopath whose charm and mischievous nature belie a cold-hearted cruel streak?
Who is &QL; &QL; Robert Philpot?
What does Toni Collette's in?
What is Morton?
Who would appear to have the edge?
What has more familiarity than the competition?
What do the acting awards take on the official Academy Awards Web site?
What have historically done well in this category?
Who walks away with ``Girl'' as a sociopath whose charm and mischievous nature belie a cold-hearted cruel streak?
What did some Life & Arts staff members decide during a meeting to discuss Oscar coverage?
Who is a film critic for the Star-Telegram?
What do the acting awards take precedence over director on?
What is why we 're starting with Best Supporting Actress?
Who does Jolie's edginess keep?
Who does Washington imbue with strength and dignity without overreaching, making him far more real than any of the events in the movie?
What is the twist being that Washington's character _ forensic detective Lincoln Rhyme _ is a quadriplegic?
What is with both playing variations of roles?
Who continues to help solve crimes?
Who died?
Who _ either to themselves, others or both?
Who is Jolie the daughter of?
What do the characters Jolie plays _ either to themselves, others or both?
What can Washington do a lot with?
What does he remain on?
What keeps Washington?
Who has a much shorter resume?
What can Washington do with a little?
What had been injured while investigating a crime?
What do Jolie and Washington make that they are known for?
Who does Jolie play?
What is the HBO movie where Amelia Donaghy, a smart beat cop who Rhyme recognizes has potential to be more played outrageous supermodel Gia Carangi of AIDS?
Who has already picked up a couple of Emmys?
What is the serial-killer story the twist being?
What can do a lot with a little?
Whose edginess keeps Washington?
Who does it's not?
Who remains on the force?
Who plays Amelia Donaghy who Rhyme recognizes has potential to be more?
What is Jolie's edginess?
What do the characters Jolie plays always seem dangerous _ either to?
What is $29. 98 on DVD?
What will last year's surprise hit and this year's Oscar nominee for best picture ``The Sixth Sense'' come out on March 28?
When will last year's surprise hit and this year's Oscar nominee for best picture ``The Sixth Sense'' come out on DVD?
What does Washington come across as even in action roles?
What is &QL; _____ ``The Bone Collector'' priced for?
What is the serial-killer story?
What will come out on DVD March 28?
What does no exception carry around?
What is fairly predictably drawn?
What is Kevin Spacey?
What is a favorite to win the Oscar?
What does the Bone Collector continue to help solve?
What do Jolie and Washington make a compelling combination?
Who is Amelia Donaghy?
Whose edginess keeps you?
Who is Washington nominated along with?
Who is Jolie?
What keeps you?
What is nominated along with another former winner in the best supporting actor category?
What is priced for rental on VHS?
Who is a bit above average _ creepy enough, but a bit short on logic and believability as a thriller?
What imbues him with strength and dignity without overreaching, making him far more real than any of the events in the movie?
What does he continue to help solve?
What carries around a lot of past baggage?
What is the compelling combination with?
Whose edginess is an animal-on-the-prowl quality?
What does Jolie's edginess keep?
Who is the daughter of Academy Award-winning actor Jon Voight?
Who however _ albeit bedridden and surrounded by an array of high-tech gadgetry _?
What has Jolie already picked up?
What does Washington imbue him with without overreaching, making him far more real than any of the events in the movie?
What does the Bone Collector remain on?
What is the Bone Collector a bit above average _ creepy enough, but a bit short on logic and believability as?
What is the Bone Collector creepy enough, but a bit short on logic and believability as a thriller?
What is an animal-on-the-prowl quality?
What is the serial-killer story the twist being that Washington's character _?
Who does no exception's not?
Who make a compelling combination that they are known for?
What is Washington?
What is the HBO movie where she played outrageous supermodel Gia Carangi of AIDS?
What will not be far behind?
What is Gia?
Who has Jolie already picked up a couple of?
What is &QL; _____ ``The Bone Collector''?
Who is a smart beat cop?
What does Jolie have?
Who do the characters Jolie plays always seem dangerous _ either to?
What's not the character?
Who is the best supporting actor category?
What was the impression the funniest person had there were?
When does it mean the foreign language?
Who would _ Michael Caine say would be lying if you do not think about an Oscar?
What &QL; _ Michael Caine think you get the best of both worlds when you 're involved in something very important?
What do I 've always counted on people to have?
What did _ Sam Mendes &QL; &ql; ``Thank _ Michael Caine to for trusting a bloke?''
Who loves you?
What did my dad give me something that said ` We love you ' from?
What do _ Michael Caine want to thank for recognizing a film based on the abortion subject?
What will be the great passions of the heart- love?''
What &QL; I think you get the best of both worlds when you 're involved in something very important?
What's not that hard?
Who was very naive about _ Kevin Spacey &QL;?
Who 'm not easy to throw?
What was the impression the funniest person had?
Who did the funniest person go up with my back to up the steps?
Who did _ Angelina Jolie &QL; &ql; do not know if it's divorced families or what it is?
Who do not know what this means to my kids?
Who did I go up with my back to up the steps?
Who did I have to do the same things for?
How many jobs did _ Kevin Spacey &QL; lose in this car? '
What did _ Hilary Swank &QL; &ql; I think in?
What would I say the truth is about?
What is _ Hilary Swank on?
What means the foreign language _ Michael Caine 'm sure conditions will change in the future?
Who's been hell?
Who do I love?
Who &QL; &QL; I 've never actually held an Oscar?
What was the astonishing young studio?
Who does not know what this means to me?
Who does _ Polish director Andrzej Wajda &ql; &QL; 'm never concerned about going too far?
What did everyone put into it?
Who does the campaign mean the foreign language 'm sure movies have a good reason to do it?
What does _ Angelina Jolie &ql; &QL; I 've never actually held?
What were he and I?
What &QL; ``Before I do anything, I have got to thank my husband because without him, I could never had made it through this experience''?
Who &QL; ``_ Kevin Spacey &QL;'s parents came over to the hotel'' today?
Who _ Sam Mendes &QL; &QL; wondered how it was going to be anything anybody wanted to see?
What did _ Kevin Spacey &QL; lose in this car? '
What would _ Michael Caine say the truth is about?
What did Jaime Haven &QL; &ql; ``I mentioned to''?
What 'd I say?
What did _ Kevin Spacey &QL; tell my mom _ Angelina Jolie needs?
What do _ Michael Caine think that this recognition makes me realize to?
What did _ Jack Nicholson &ql; ``I do not think at?''
Who do _ Hilary Swank do not Cry &QL; &QL; 'm a little bit overwhelmed?
What will _ Andrzej Wajda &QL; &QL; ``My fervent hope is that the only flames people will encounter be?''
Who &QL; &QL; This is outside _ Michael Caine's field in a way?
What does a small one's not?
What is the big deal?
Who is Warren Beatty?
What did you go on all your auditions in?
What does the campaign mean movies are less?
What do we only get?
Who did _ Hilary Swank &QL; &ql; think you get the best of both worlds when you 're involved in something very important?
What does _ Conrad Hall &ql; &QL; In?
Who does _ Michael Caine's?
What do _ Michael Caine want to?
Whose relationship did Jaime Haven &QL; explain with her brother?
What did _ Michael Caine &QL; &ql; over?
What do we celebrate?
What does _ Phil Collins &QL; &ql; Now can go on I think?
Who see there on that enormous screen one after another?
Who was &QL; &QL;?
What do I 've always counted on to have a fire in them?
What was a small one?
What was _ Michael Caine walking?
What treated me like a grown up?
Who do I know 'll do something?
Who &QL; &QL; ``Well you must be trying to get me to reconsider my day job''?
What was I just involved for?
What did _ Kevin Spacey &QL; lose 100 jobs in? '
What was a gut instinct with Tarzan to Tom Cruise &QL; &QL;?
What did _ Kevin Spacey &QL; go on all somebody something about the roof of the Shrine's auditions in?
What did _ Michael Caine &ql; &QL; When Billy sang that song and had everybody singing Caine, I thought he's got the cream of Hollywood singing?
What means the foreign language I 'm sure conditions will change in the future?
Who want to thank the Academy for recognizing a film based on the abortion subject?
What does it's not?
What did _ Michael Caine &ql; &QL; When Billy sang that song and had everybody singing Caine, I thought he's got singing my name?
Who is &QL; &QL;?
Who does it mean the foreign language 'm sure they have a good reason to do it?
What celebrate our diversity?
What did _ Kevin Spacey &QL; &ql; is there's real beauty in this movie?
What do _ Michael Caine do?
What does _ Phil Collins &ql; &QL; This is outside my field in?
Who Have you any idea what supporting actors get paid?
What &QL; It's very different when you 're here and not being told over the phone?
What was the impression I had?
What was we were all good?
Who 'm too happy not to?
What &QL; Now _ Michael Caine's life can go on I think?
What does it mean I 'm sure conditions will change in the future?
What &QL; ``Thank you to an astonishing young studio for hiring a bloke from British theater to do a movie about American suburbia?''
What does _ Conrad Hall &ql; &QL; In, it was a best picture?
What were the only flames people for the whole first section?
Who found it?
What does _ Phil Collins &ql; &QL; is outside my field in a way?
Who 'mes not easy to throw?
Who do anything?
Whose life does _ Phil Collins &QL; &ql; Now can go on I think?
What did _ Sam Mendes &QL; &QL; _ Michael Caine wonder?
Who said, ` If they 're not likable, we do not have a movie?
Who would I say the truth is did not think about anything like this at all?
What was _ Michael Caine just involved for?
What did _ Kevin Spacey &QL;'s dad give me something that said ` the only flames people love you ' from?
What do the funniest person see there on?
Who 'll try to do less?
What do _ Hilary Swank do not Cry &QL; &QL; I 'm overwhelmed?
What did Jaime Haven &QL; explain with her brother?
Who did _ Hilary Swank &QL; &ql; I think get the best of both worlds when you 're involved in something very important?
What do I think that this recognition makes me realize to?
Who was on recalling her father's Oscar for Coming Home ' &QL; &QL;?
Who &QL; &QL; When Billy sang that song and had everybody singing Caine, the funniest person thought he's got the cream of Hollywood singing my name?
Who _ Sam Mendes &QL; &QL; wondered how huge respect was going to be anything anybody wanted to see?
What was there were all good?
What did the funniest person go up with my back to the other nominees?
Who &QL; &QL; ``They get a share one way or another?''
What did Chad Lowe &QL; &ql; ``I could not forget anyone''?
Who do all charity work the funniest person do for?
Who &QL; &QL; ``Well _ Michael Caine must be trying to get me to reconsider my day job''?
What did &QL; &ql; ``_ Michael Caine pray for the day when the only flames people not only accept our differences but celebrate our diversity''?
What did _ Kevin Spacey &QL; &ql;?
Who does _ Phil Collins &QL; &ql; Now my life can go on think?
Who think that this movie opens the door to letting people know what goes on in society and hopefuly putting an end to intolerance in the future?
Who is on the Academy's rules on foreign films?
What did I wonder how it was going to be anything anybody wanted to see?
What would _ Michael Caine say the truth is I did not think about at all?
What was the atrocities of Nazism?
What did I go up with my back to up the steps?
What did _ Angelina Jolie &QL; &ql;?
What did _ Michael Caine &QL; &ql;'s very different when you 're here and not being told over the phone?
What do _ Michael Caine think that this movie opens?
What does _ Michael Caine &ql; &QL;?
What do _ Michael Caine think to?
What 'll I try to do better &QL; ``Please forgive me for not making more''?
What do I think?
What &QL; ``Thank _ Michael Caine to an astonishing young studio for trusting a bloke?''
What did _ Michael Caine &ql; &QL; When Billy sang that song and had everybody singing Caine, the funniest person thought he's got singing my name?
What did you lose 100 jobs in? '
What do we not only accept?
Who did _ Sam Mendes &QL; &ql; ``Thank to an astonishing young studio for trusting a bloke?''
Who thought this cannot go by without mentioning them so I did?
What did _ Hilary Swank &QL; &ql; I think you get when you 're involved in something very important?
What do I 've always had?
Who does _ Phil Collins &QL; &ql; Now _ Michael Caine's life can go on think?
What do _ Michael Caine know?
What does _ Kevin Spacey &QL;'s been?
What were each other's everything?
What did _ Kevin Spacey &QL;'s dad's mother have in a goldfish bowl or something?
What's always amazing to me when I see people be free and not be afraid to be judged?
Who was won &QL; &QL; ``I was just there to collect it for all of us''?
What was the most compassionate creature I 've ever played?
Who 'mes a survivor?
What did the funniest person go up with to the other nominees up the steps?
What does it mean the foreign language are less?
Whose mother had his in a goldfish bowl or something?
Who gave me something that said ` the only flames people love you ' from my whole family?
What do _ Hilary Swank do not Cry _ Michael Caine 'm a little bit overwhelmed?
What &QL; ``I mentioned to somebody something about the roof of the Shrine''?
Whose character in is _ Michael Caine on?
Who do _ Kevin Spacey &QL; know 'll do something?
Who Do not Cry &QL; &QL; I 'm a little bit overwhelmed?
What did _ Jack Nicholson &ql; ``I do not think there's an actor at?''
What do I do?
What did _ Pedro Almodovar &QL; &ql;?
What did _ Hilary Swank &QL; &ql;?
Who was on Warren Beatty &QL; &QL;?
Who was my husband?
What &QL; you get to grow as a human being?
What was I walking?
What do you see them on?
What were saying, ` Can _ Kevin Spacey &QL; believe we 're here for the whole first section?
What means the foreign language movies are less?
What 'd _ Michael Caine say?
What was it?
What did everyone put into anyone?
What's not something you expect?
Who had everybody singing Caine?
Who 'm a survivor?
What were we saying, ` Can you believe we 're here for?
Who sees them on that enormous screen one after another?
What fits real nice?
Who 'd I say 'll try to do better?
Who did _ Phil Collins &QL; &ql; _ Michael Caine 'm only really?
What's all I cared about when I was making this movie was the importance of the story?
What means the foreign language _ Michael Caine 'm sure movies have a good reason to do it?
What &QL; I 'm only a drummer really?
Who did _ Hilary Swank &QL; &ql; said, ` Breathe and be free?
Who went up with my back to the other nominees up the steps?
Who was the impression I had were all good?
What brought by communism?
Who &QL; ``My parents came over to the hotel'' today?
Who explained her relationship with her brother?
Who &QL; &QL; It's heavy?
What did Chad Lowe &QL; &ql; ``_ Michael Caine could not forget anyone''?
Who said?
What does it mean movies are less?
What did _ Michael Caine &ql; &QL; When Billy sang that song and had everybody singing Caine, the funniest person thought?
What did _ Hilary Swank &QL; &ql; _ Michael Caine think you get the best of when you 're involved in something very important?
Who knows I will not?
Who did _ Kevin Spacey &QL; tell _ Angelina Jolie needs a new car?
What's all _ Michael Caine cared about when I was making this movie was the importance of the story?
Who celebrate our diversity?
What &QL; ``could join us any moment here in the second row unless I wrap up'' on his days as an eligible bachelor?
Who was Chad Lowe?
When did _ Angelina Jolie &ql; ``My parents came over to the hotel''?
Who treated me like a grown up?
What does it's been?
What does it's?
What is very hard very weird?
Who did _ Michael Caine have to do the same things for?
Who knows I 'll do something?
Who do all charity work for?
What do you just kind of grow up thinking?
Who wants to thank the Academy for recognizing a film based on the abortion subject?
What will I always bring you to award shows because I love you, I do not care about what they say about bringing you to award shows?
What do the only flames people celebrate?
What did Billy have everybody?
Who's fantastic?
What do I think to?
What does _ Angelina Jolie &ql; &QL;?
What did _ Kevin Spacey &QL; tell my mom?
What do you see on that enormous screen one after another?
What &QL; _ Michael Caine 'm only a drummer really?
What was he won &QL; &QL; ``I was just for''?
Who &QL; The rules for this category are very discriminatory?
When did &QL; &QL; &ql; ``could join us any moment here in the second row unless I wrap up''?
What would I say is I did not think about anything like this at all?
Who was on speaking to the other nominees during the funniest person?
What was he won ``I was just there to collect it for all of us''?
Who told my mom _ Angelina Jolie needs a new car?
Who do _ Michael Caine not know to?
What were we saying, ` Can you believe they let us in for?
What will _ Andrzej Wajda &QL; &QL; ``My fervent hope is that the only flames people will encounter be the great passions of?''
What does _ Angelina Jolie &ql; &QL; 've never actually held an Oscar?
What did _ Jack Nicholson &ql; ``_ Michael Caine do not think there's an actor at?''
Who was just involved for the importance of the truth?
What do _ Michael Caine think?
What did _ Michael Caine &ql; &QL; When Billy sang that song and had everybody singing Caine, I thought?
What did I go up with to them up the steps?
What was a small one to Tom Cruise &QL; &QL;?
What do I want to thank for recognizing a film based on the abortion subject?
What explained her relationship with her brother?
How many jobs did you lose in this car? '
Who 'mes too happy not to?
What &QL; He said, ` Breathe and be free?
Who had to do the same things for my daughter?
Who 'd say I 'll try to do better?
Who did _ Phil Collins &QL; &ql; 'm only a drummer really?
What did the tragedies bring by?
What does _ Phil Collins &QL; &ql; Now _ Michael Caine's life can go on?
Who would I say would be lying if you do not think about an Oscar?
Who does not know what this means to my kids?
What does it mean I 'm sure they have a good reason to do it?
Whose dad gave me something that said ` the only flames people love you ' from my whole family?
Who lost 100 jobs in this car? '
What &QL; ``_ Michael Caine could not forget anyone'' quoting husband?
What does _ Phil Collins &ql; &QL; is outside _ Michael Caine's field in a way?
Who does it's always amazing to when I see people be free and not be afraid to be judged?
What did _ Sam Mendes &QL; &ql; ``Thank you to for hiring a bloke from British theater to do a movie about American suburbia?''
What did you lose in this car? '
Whose field does _ Phil Collins &ql; &QL; outside?
Who were the people not?
What do you just kind of grow up thinking it's?
What do I think that this recognition makes to?
What do _ Kevin Spacey &QL; know?
Who did _ Michael Caine &ql; &QL; When Billy sang that song and had everybody singing Caine, thought he's got the cream of Hollywood singing my name?
Who did _ Hilary Swank &QL; &ql; _ Michael Caine think get the best of both worlds when you 're involved in something very important?
Who is on the lessons of Boys?
Who thought this cannot go by without mentioning there so I did?
Who went up with my back to them up the steps?
Who does it mean the foreign language 'm sure conditions will change in the future?
What &QL; ``For him to think im a good actress is kind of a big deal to me?''
Who could I never had made it through this experience without?
What was _ Jack Nicholson on?
Who 'ves always counted on people to have a fire in them?
What does it mean the foreign language?
What were the only flames people saying, ` Can _ Kevin Spacey &QL; believe we 're here for?
What did Billy sing?
Who is on holding his statuette?
Who do you see on that enormous screen one after another?
Who is on his character in?
What was the war?
What did I tell my mom?
Whose field does _ Phil Collins &ql; &QL; This is outside in a way?
Who 'll try to do better &QL; &QL; ``Please forgive me for not making more''?
Who did _ Phil Collins &QL; &ql; I 'm only really?
Who 've always had tremendous compassion toward children?
What do you know?
What &QL; ``Thank you to an astonishing young studio for trusting him?''
Who did Jaime Haven &QL; &ql; ``mentioned to somebody something about the roof of the Shrine''?
Who do you know will not?
Who &QL; The glory is there's real beauty in this movie?
What explained _ Angelina Jolie's relationship with her brother?
What do you just kind of grow up thinking's the strange thing in Grandma's house?
Who did the standing ovation throw because it's not something you expect?
What did I think cannot go by without mentioning them so I did?
Who is on how she chooses a role?
What does _ Phil Collins &ql; &QL; This is outside in a way?
Who did _ Angelina Jolie explain her relationship with?
What did the funniest person think?
What could I never had made it through without him?
What work the funniest person do for children?
What did my dad's mother have in a goldfish bowl or something?
What did the funniest person think cannot go by without mentioning there so I did?
Who was walking offstage?
What did _ Pedro Almodovar &QL; &ql; are very discriminatory?
Who had his in a goldfish bowl or something?
Who were saying, ` Can you believe they let us in for the whole first section?
What could I never had made through this experience without him?
Who does _ Angelina Jolie &ql; &QL; 've never actually held an Oscar?
Who do all charity work I do for?
Who are adults?
What's been hell?
Who &QL; &QL; ``this get a share one way or another?''
Who do _ Michael Caine know will not?
Who &QL; a new car's very different when you 're here and not being told over the phone?
Who was nominated?
What do I want to?
What does the standing ovation's not?
What would I say the truth is I did not think about at all?
Who 'd _ Michael Caine say 'll try to do better?
What not only accept our differences?
What would _ Michael Caine say is I did not think about anything like this at all?
What did _ Jack Nicholson &ql; ``_ Michael Caine do not think at?''
What do the only flames people not only accept?
What did we find?
Who do all charity work do for children?
Who was _ Michael Caine's husband?
Who 'll _ Michael Caine try to do better &QL; &QL; ``Please forgive for not making more''?
Who was brilliant?
Who just kind of grows up thinking it's the strange thing in Grandma's house?
Who went on all your auditions in this car?
What 're not likable?
Who not only accept our differences?
Who told my mom she needs a new car?
When did &QL; &ql; ``I pray when we not only accept our differences but celebrate our diversity checking her notes''?
What do _ Hilary Swank do not Cry &QL; &QL; _ Michael Caine 'm overwhelmed?
Who do not know what this means to me?
Who know I will not?
What did _ Michael Caine wonder how huge respect was going to be anything anybody wanted to see?
Who is on the funniest person's character in?
When does _ Phil Collins &QL; &ql; Now can go on I think?
What's not something the funniest person expect?
What does a small one's?
Who would say the truth is I did not think about anything like this at all?
What were the only flames people saying, ` Can _ Kevin Spacey &QL; believe for the whole first section?
What did _ Kevin Spacey &QL;'s dad's mother have his in?
What do I know?
What was a song for mother?
What do the other nominees only get?
Who would say I would be lying if you do not think about an Oscar?
What do I think that this movie opens?
What did _ Hilary Swank &QL; &ql; _ Michael Caine think in?
What is _ Pedro Almodovar on?
What did _ Angelina Jolie &QL; &ql;?''
What did _ Hilary Swank &QL; &ql; _ Michael Caine think you get when you 're involved in something very important?
What was DreamWorks?
Who &QL; &QL; There's a big screen there?
What did I go up with my back to them?
Who is winner of the Irving Thalberg Memorial Award?
Who did Jaime Haven &QL; explain _ Angelina Jolie's relationship with?
What &QL; ``Thank _ Michael Caine to an astonishing young studio for hiring a bloke from British theater to do a movie about American suburbia?''
What were we saying, ` Can you believe for the whole first section?
Who &QL; &QL; In my heart, it was a best picture?
Who's a relentless producer?
What did _ Michael Caine &ql; &QL;?
Who did _ Michael Caine &ql; &QL; When Billy sang that song and had everybody singing Caine, I thought's got the cream of Hollywood singing my name?
What does _ Conrad Hall &ql; &QL; In my heart, was a best picture?
Who 'mes going to to?
What were the only flames people saying, ` Can _ Kevin Spacey &QL; believe they let us in for?
Who did I tell she needs a new car?
What know I 'll do something?
Who did _ Kevin Spacey &QL; tell my mom needs a new car?
What will _ Andrzej Wajda &QL; &QL; ``My fervent hope is be the great passions of the heart- love?''
Who do you not know to?
Who did &QL; &ql; ``pray for the day when we not only accept our differences but celebrate our diversity checking her notes''?
Who does the campaign mean the foreign language 'm sure conditions will change in the future?
What &QL; _ Michael Caine get to grow as a human being?
What did _ Michael Caine have to do for my daughter?
Who did _ Sam Mendes &QL; &ql; ``Thank to an astonishing young studio for hiring a bloke from British theater to do a movie about American suburbia?''
Who did _ Sam Mendes &QL; &ql; ``Thank to an astonishing young studio for trusting him?''
Who did?
What did _ Kevin Spacey &QL; &ql; The glory is?
What was a small one a gut instinct with Tarzan to?
Who Do not Cry &QL; &QL; _ Michael Caine 'm a little bit overwhelmed?
What do I know I 'll do?
Who is The Cider House Rules?
What did _ Hilary Swank &QL; &ql; _ Michael Caine get to grow as?
Who said, ` If the only flames people 're not likable, we do not have a movie?
Who &QL; &QL; I 'm never concerned about going too far?
What did my dad's mother have his in?
What does _ Michael Caine &ql; &QL;'s heavy?
What 'll _ Michael Caine try to do better &QL; ``Please forgive me for not making more''?
Who did _ Hilary Swank &QL; &ql; get to grow as a human being?
Who 'ves never seen anybody do that?
What did you go on in this car?
What &QL; ``_ Michael Caine pray for the day when the only flames people not only accept our differences but celebrate our diversity checking _ Hilary Swank''?
When did &QL; &ql; ``_ Michael Caine pray when the only flames people not only accept our differences but celebrate our diversity checking _ Hilary Swank''?
Who were each other's everything?
Who &QL; ``I do not think there's an actor I know of who would not jump at a chance to work with Warren?''
Who did Jaime Haven &QL; explain her relationship with?
When does the campaign mean the foreign language?
What would _ Michael Caine say the truth is I did not think about anything like this at?
What do I 've never seen do that?
What threw the funniest person because it's not something you expect?
Who could never had made it through this experience without him?
Who &QL; &QL; _ Kevin Spacey &QL; 've never actually held an Oscar?
What &QL; ``I could not forget anyone'' quoting husband?
What does the campaign mean _ Michael Caine 'm sure conditions will change in the future?
What do _ Hilary Swank do not Cry I 'm a little bit overwhelmed?
What did _ Sam Mendes &QL; &ql; ``Thank you to for trusting him?''
Who went on all somebody something about the roof of the Shrine's auditions in this car?
Who is _ Michael Caine on?
What was _ Michael Caine &QL; &QL; This man to me?
What did _ Sam Mendes &QL; &ql; ``Thank _ Michael Caine to for hiring a bloke from British theater to do a movie about American suburbia?''
What did _ Hilary Swank &QL; &ql; in?
What is Warren Beatty winner of?
Who do the funniest person 'm?
What does _ Phil Collins &ql; &QL; outside?
Who &QL; &QL; When Billy sang that song and had everybody singing Caine, I thought he's got the cream of Hollywood singing my name?
Who did &QL; &ql; ``pray for the day when the only flames people not only accept our differences but celebrate our diversity checking _ Hilary Swank''?
Who does he's?
Whose all auditions did _ Kevin Spacey &QL; go on in this car?
Who does not know if I can get on it in this dress?
What did I have to do for my daughter?
Who would _ Michael Caine say the truth is did not think about anything like this at all?
What was _ Michael Caine?
Who 're not likable?
What does _ Phil Collins &ql; &QL; This is outside _ Michael Caine's field in?
What does the campaign mean _ Michael Caine 'm sure movies have a good reason to do it?
What means the foreign language I 'm sure they have a good reason to do it?
Who &QL; ``_ Michael Caine do not think there's an actor I know of who would not jump at a chance to work with Warren?''
What did &QL; &ql; ``I pray for the day when we not only accept our differences but celebrate our diversity''?
What did Billy have singing Caine?
What was it a gut instinct with Tarzan to?
What were the only flames people?
Who are children?
What does the campaign mean the foreign language?
What is _ Michael Caine on?
What was it to Tom Cruise &QL; &QL;?
What was the war the atrocities of?
What's fantastic?
Who 'll I try to do better &QL; &QL; ``Please forgive for not making more''?
What did _ Hilary Swank &QL; &ql; you get to grow as?
What did _ Kevin Spacey &QL; go on in this car?
Who is this show?
Who turned?
Who did not expect?
What was _ Michael Caine very naive about?
What did everyone put their heart and soul into?
What do the funniest person 've always had?
What did I tell my mom she needs?
Who 'm going to to?
What does _ Michael Caine &ql; &QL; There's there?
What did _ Michael Caine &ql; &QL; When Billy sang that song and had everybody singing Caine, I thought he's got the cream of singing my name?
What threw me because it's not something you expect?
What is _ Michael Caine?
When did _ Angelina Jolie &ql; ``_ Kevin Spacey &QL;'s parents came over to the hotel''?
What do _ Michael Caine think that this recognition makes to?
What &QL; I do not know if it's divorced families or what it is?
What work I do for children?
Whose husband was Chad Lowe?
Who were saying, ` Can you believe we 're here for the whole first section?
Who gave me something that said ` We love you ' from my whole family?
Who was just involved for the importance of it?
What does _ Polish director Andrzej Wajda &ql; &QL;?
What did _ Hilary Swank &QL; &ql; I think you get the best of when you 're involved in something very important?
What's something different?
Who want to huge respect?
What was the impression I had we were?
What was I very naive about?
What were not that likable?
What did _ Angelina Jolie explain with her brother?
What &QL; ``I pray for the day when we not only accept our differences but celebrate our diversity checking her notes''?
What do _ Hilary Swank do not Cry &QL; &QL;?
What would I say the truth is I did not think about anything like this at?
What were we for the whole first section?
What's not brain surgery?
Who was very naive about it?
Who thinks that this movie opens the door to letting people know what goes on in society and hopefuly putting an end to intolerance in the future?
What put their heart and soul into it?
What did _ Sam Mendes &QL; &QL; I wonder?
Who wants to huge respect?
Who does anything?
What does the campaign mean the foreign language are less?
Who only get one motor home?
Who did I tell my mom needs a new car?
Who was on speaking to the other nominees during his speech?
Who 'ves always had tremendous compassion toward children?
What does _ Angelina Jolie &ql; &QL; _ Kevin Spacey &QL; 've never actually held?
Who could have won?
Who did they treat like a grown up?
What did I think?
Who &QL; &QL; This is outside my field in a way?
What were saying, ` Can _ Kevin Spacey &QL; believe they let us in for the whole first section?
What do _ Kevin Spacey &QL; know I 'll do?
What did _ Kevin Spacey &QL; &ql; The glory is there's?
What &QL; Now my life can go on I think?
What do I 've never seen anybody do?
Who sang that song?
What does _ Phil Collins &QL; &ql; Now my life can go on?
What did _ Hilary Swank &QL; &ql; as?
What did everyone put the only flames people's heart and soul into?
What put the only flames people's heart and soul into anyone?
Who do I 'm?
What was _ Michael Caine &QL; &QL; This man to the funniest person?
What does _ Conrad Hall &ql; &QL; In my heart, it was?
What did Angelina Jolie take?
What did Angelina Jolie learn from someone who really knows his wheels?
What stars opposite Nicolas Cage and Delroy Lindo in ``Gone in 60 Seconds,'' opening June 9?
What did I love?
What did she take a plunge of?
Who do I 'm suddenly because I have awards or this box office clout?
Who do I still think 'm someone who got very lucky?
Who might be crying?
What is Angelina Jolie not adorned with but with tattoos?
Who did I think they were two prop?
Who does not have time to go to the cleaners?
What is Haven?
Who did not know who they were the first time?
What does Angelina Jolie allow those ridiculously puffy lips to into a smile?
What does that's why she turned down one of the leads in the upcoming big screen version of Charlie's Angels in?
What's why Angelina Jolie turned down one of the leads in the upcoming big screen version of Charlie's Angels in fact?
What did I look at as a money job?
What did she take?
What is Angelina Jolie's career in after all?
What did I not do because it was high art?
Who did I ask a million questions and this guy could rip apart an entire car and tell you every single part of it?
Who 'mes just an actress for hire?
Who says, ``I am secure in the fact that I do have something to offer as an actress''?
Who does it follow that she loves?
Who do I 'm just?
Who was like, ` I do not think we fooled anyone? '
Who says ``I do know how to steal a car now''?
What do I 've done to my roles?
Who does Jolie say after?
What's why she turned down one of the leads in the upcoming big screen version of Charlie's Angels in fact?
What does she say ``I do know''?
Who lives on the edge?
How many actors met on the set of 1998's ``Pushing Tin''?
Who do I know 've become more stable?
What follows that Angelina Jolie loves characters facing internal conflict?
What was high art?
What does Jolie say, ``I was also told''?
Who does Jolie's?
Who 'mes one of those people who need to learn to let somebody hug me?
Who does Jolie say need to learn to need other people?
Who loved that movie?
Who actually had a real thief on the set escorted by his prison guard?
Who 'mes suddenly a better actress because I have awards or this box office clout?
Whose career is in overdrive after all?
What felt so good?
Who learned a few practical tips from someone who really knows his wheels?
Who says, ``Honestly, I do not take my successes personally''?
What will I not take a role unless I think in fact?
What actually had a real thief on the set escorted by his prison guard?
Who is &UR; (Cindy Pearlman? )
What does it's the story of?
What did they tell me?
What is Angelina Jolie's career in overdrive after?
Who met on the set of 1998's ``Pushing Tin''?
Who says I need to learn to need other people?
What did no one even know?
Who did they tell me there were?
What will I not take a role unless I think I am the best person to do it in?
What does Angelina Jolie allow those ridiculously puffy lips to burst into?
Who is Jolie?
What even knew the two actors were dating?
Who's the story of two rival car thief gangs who have 24 hours to prove which group can ``collect'' the most merchandise?
Who did they tell there were not many good characters for strong women?
Who confesses?
Who 'mes 90?
What does Angelina Jolie's the story of?
What does Jolie mimic?
What-- 282-942?
Who thought car thieves?
Who says it's not like I 'm suddenly a better actress because I have awards or this box office clout?
Who got to fling the windows open?
What's the story of two rival car thief gangs who have 24 hours to prove which group can ``collect'' the most merchandise?
What are her clothes with?
Who still thinks I 'm someone who got very lucky?
Who said, ``But anything is a possibility''?
What does Jolie say with?
Who allows those ridiculously puffy lips to burst into a smile?
Who went berserk?
Who knows I 've become more stable?
Who does Jolie say is not overly impressed with her newfound status?
Who figured that my fun job was ` Gone in 60 Seconds? '
Who did not do the film because it was high art?
What does Jolie mimic the voice of?
Who should not get that out there?
Who 'ves always felt that I was the best person to do the roles that I 've been offered?
Who says, ``The ` Charlie's Angels ' people had a few selling points''?
Who shocked the world by marrying Thornton?
What do I know?
Who 'ves become more centered?
What does she allow those ridiculously puffy lips to into a smile?
Who did she learn a few practical tips from?
What does it's just on?
What does it's just that now I 'm on?
Who says I got to push buttons?
Who took a plunge of a different sort and married actor Billy Bob Thornton?
What did Angelina Jolie take a plunge of?
Who felt that way about her Oscar winning role in ``Girl, Interrupted?''
What does Jolie caution?
Who breathes?
What is in overdrive after all?
When do I not have?
What does she say ?
Whose clothes are with that Jolie twist?
Who does Jolie say got to push buttons?
What is her career in overdrive after?
Who delights in making waves?
Who it was not worth it to given the fact that I do not really like to get dressed up in high heels?
Who dies?
Who mentions that being so tough is not easy either?
Who has awards or this box office clout?
Who says, ``People are suddenly concerned about my hair''?
What do I have?
Who's first husband?
What did I think were two prop guys?
What is Angelina Jolie not wearing?
When did I figure? '
What does Angelina Jolie's?
What did we actually have a real thief on?
What does she allow to burst into a smile?
Who is the daughter of actor Jon Voight and actress Marcheline Bertrand?
When dictated that the screen beauty would dye Angelina Jolie's hair a color best described as ``grandmother blue?''
What did Jolie feel about her Oscar winning role in ``Girl, Interrupted?''
What does that's?
What was not worth it to me given the fact that I do not really like to get dressed up in high heels?
What's just that now I 'm on more covers of magazines?
What is she not adorned with but with tattoos?
What do I 've always felt?
When did I figure that my fun job was ` Gone? '
What are with that Jolie twist?
Who does Jolie caution that she's still?
What does Jolie star in ``Gone in 60 Seconds,'' opening June 9?
Who does she say ``do know how to steal a car now''?
Who says, ``There's a side of me that understands conflicted emotions''?
Who is Jolie the daughter of?
What does Jolie say I got to push?
When dictated that the screen beauty would dye her hair a color best described as ``grandmother blue?''
Who is this?
Who does Jolie say that after, she was ready for some screen fun?
What it was not worth to me given the fact that I do not really like to get dressed up in high heels?
Who wants to scream, ` I am not weak! '
What did I get to?
What did Jolie feel that way about?''
Who says she is not overly impressed with her newfound status?
Where does Angelina Jolie live?
How many actors did no one even know were dating?
Who 'mes intense?
Who was actor Jonny Lee Miller mentioned that marriage frightened somewhat because of the split of her own parents?
Who says?
What is she not wearing?
What do I 've done justice to?
Who will not take a role unless I think I am the best person to do it in fact?
Who looked at it as a money job?
What does she allow those ridiculously puffy lips to burst into?
Who mimics the voice of a Hollywood agent?
What follows that she loves characters facing internal conflict?
Who knows?
Who did 90 actually have on the set escorted by his prison guard?
Who feels like I 've grown up a lot in the last year?
What did I get?
What does that movie follow?
Who 'ves done justice to my roles?
Who did I think were two prop guys?
What is angry that I 'm crying?
What was it?
What will I not take unless I think I am the best person to do it in fact?
What did I ask the thief could rip apart an entire car and tell you every single part of it?
How many questions and this guy did I ask the thief could rip apart an entire car and tell you every single part of it?
What told me there were not many good characters for strong women?
What did I counter?
What do I 'm one of?
Who got the skinny?
What was the film?
What do I 'm?
What do I still think?
What do I still think I 'm?
Who says, ``I am always right in the moment''?
What did I not know?
What it was not worth it to me?
Who was Jolie?
What was I told, ` You know?
Who did I think?
What does Angelina Jolie live on?
Who is not adorned with jewels but with tattoos?
Who does not think I 'm so important?
Who 'mes someone who people took a chance on a few years ago when I was no one in this town?
Who does it's easier to hire?
What did she learn from someone who really knows his wheels?
What does it follow?
Who 'ves grown up a lot in the last year?
What does it's?
What does Angelina Jolie allow to burst into a smile?
What did 90 actually have a real thief on?
What's an understatement?
Who do I not think 'm so important?
What is a woman who literally jumped in a swimming pool in Angelina Jolie's ballgown after winning a Golden Globe Award for ``Gia''?
Who did we actually have on the set escorted by his prison guard?
Who asked the thief a million questions and this guy could rip apart an entire car and tell you every single part of it?
What is Jolie?
Who was told, ` You know people are taking you seriously now?
Who did Angelina Jolie learn a few practical tips from?
What's easier to hire me?
Who is 25?
What does Jolie say I need to learn to need?
What was actor Jonny Lee Miller mentioned that marriage frightened her somewhat because of?
What did the moment dictate?''
Who countered that I 've been able to play strong women?
Who is not wearing DKNY or Ralph Lauren?
What did I think they were prop guys?
Who did no one even know were dating?
Who told me there were not many good characters for strong women?
What does Jolie say she is not overly impressed with?
What do I not think?
Who screams?
Who does not do self-pity?
What did the two actors meet on?
Who was mentioned that marriage frightened her somewhat because of the split of her own parents?
Hey, what was the only thing that was clean?
What was actor Jonny Lee Miller mentioned somewhat because of?
What does Jolie say, ``There's a side of me''?
What is her brother's middle name?
Whose hair did the moment dictate?''
What is Angelina Jolie's brother's middle name?
What was Hey, Walmart?
What does she say's not like I 'm suddenly a better actress because I have awards or this box office clout?
What do I 've grown up?
Who cautions that she's still a serious actress?
Who thought they were two prop guys?
Whose middle name is Haven?
What did I ask the thief?
What should I not get out there?
What does that's why Angelina Jolie turned down one of the leads in the upcoming big screen version of Charlie's Angels in?
What did I think?
What was Hey, it?
What is a woman who literally jumped in a swimming pool in her ballgown after winning a Golden Globe Award for ``Gia''?
What did Jolie shock by marrying Thornton?
What does she mention?
Whose advisors went berserk?
Who does that movie follow that Angelina Jolie loves?
Hey, who was the only thing that was clean?
What did I look at it as?
Who sighs?
What are Angelina Jolie's clothes with?
Who was actor Jonny Lee Miller?
What is her career in after all?
What does Angelina Jolie mention?
Whose assistant does the New York Daily News note?
Who's a nymphomaniac with a zest for Scrabble?
What said that he was ` terrified ' when he received the call in an exclusive interview with ABCnews. com?
What avoided showering at his house?
Who's a &LR; &UR; chain-smoking asthmatic?
Who did not go to the gym together _ so how would he know? ?
What will-- Louis Vuitton unveil a line of vanity cases designed by &UR; Sharon Stone &LR; at the Venice Film Festival at?
What did co-chairman of the GOP &UR; Andy Card &LR; say in an exclusive interview with ABCnews. com?
What has according to the magazine &UR; John Madden &LR; recently bought a house in the ` hood that was built in the 1880s?
What is the stucco exterior?
When did &LR; &QC; &QL; &QL; &UR; Naomi Campbell &LR; pose for Playboy?
Who did &LR; &QC; &QL; &QL; &UR; Naomi Campbell &LR; pose last year for?
What did. . . I see as an investment?
What have curly hair?
What posed last year for Playboy?
What was Smedvig quoted in?
Who has curly hair?
What does the New York Daily News note that after pleading guilty to beating up her assistant, the supermodel recently completed?
What did &QL; &LR; &ur; By &LR; &QC; &QL; &QL; &UR; Naomi Campbell &LR; appears naked again in American Photo?
What does the New York Daily News report show Campbell's body ``glistening with water and oil''?
When have-- &UR; James Taylor &LR; and his fiancee rented two houses in Lenox?
Who does she's?
What did. . . I see the $30 blowouts as?
What does the New York Daily News note that after pleading guilty to beating up &QL; &LR;'s assistant, the supermodel recently completed a series of?
What is an acclaimed and offbeat love story from &LR; &UR; Australia?
What will-- Louis Vuitton unveil at the end of this month?
What notes that after pleading guilty to beating up &QL; &LR;'s assistant, the supermodel recently completed a series of anger management sessions?
Where will-- Louis Vuitton unveil a line of vanity cases designed by &UR; Sharon Stone &LR; at the Venice Film Festival?
Who was quoted in Fashionwiredaily. com?
Who does the Paris Review have ``?''
What &UR; By LEAH GARCHIK &QC; &LR; &UR; c. 2000 &LR; &QC; &QL; &QL; &UR; Naomi Campbell &LR; appears naked again in American Photo?
What will sales benefit?
What did &UR; (Eds: This story also move in? )
What is Committed to verisimilitude?
What did &QL; &LR; &ur; By LEAH GARCHIK &QC; &LR; &UR; c. 2000 appears naked again in American Photo?
What did the stars: &UR; Kevin Costner &LR;, &UR; Meg Ryan &LR;, &UR; Angelina Jolie &LR;? not go to?
What is Kenya?
What is Lenox?
Who looks at these photos?
When is one for them and one for their chickens?
What was San Francisco Chronicle?
Who is the magazine?
What recommends a $1,774 Stickley lingerie chest?
Who never went swimming?
What did we not go to the gym together _?
What-- have rented two houses in Lenox for the summer?
What did &QL; &LR; &ur; By?
Who did &QL; &LR; keep complimenting on how straight all night was?
When did I meet?
What did co-chairman of the GOP &UR; Andy Card &LR; say that he was ` terrified ' when he received the call in?
What will benefit the American Foundation for AIDS Research?
What. . . saw the $30 blowouts as an investment?
Who was a little anxious about what would happen when the summer came, but luckily, we broke up before then?
Who-- will unveil a line of vanity cases designed by &UR; Sharon Stone &LR; at the Venice Film Festival at the end of this month?
What is steep pitched roof and white window trim?
What does-- &UR; Stacey &LR; tell Marie Claire magazine about a doomed relationship: ``When I met my date, was how great my hair looked''?
Who is Mass.?
What did I avoid showering at?
What did &QL; &LR; &ur; By LEAH GARCHIK &QC; &LR; &UR; c. 2000 &LR; &QC; &QL; &QL; &UR; Naomi Campbell &LR; appears naked again in?
What will Stone preside over?
What did the stars: &UR; Kevin Costner &LR;, &UR; Meg Ryan &LR;, &UR; Angelina Jolie &LR;? not go to the gym together _?
What does the New York Daily News note that after pleading guilty to beating up &QL; &LR;'s assistant, the supermodel recently completed?
What does a nymphomaniac with a zest for Scrabble's asthmatic?
How many houses in Lenox have-- &UR; James Taylor &LR; and his fiancee rented for the summer?
What was LEAH GARCHIK &QC; &LR; &UR; c. 2000?
What never went swimming?
Who said, ``James loves them''?
Who said, ``James loves the stars: &UR; Kevin Costner &LR;, &UR; Meg Ryan &LR;, &UR; Angelina Jolie &LR;?''?
Who does a stucco exterior have according to the magazine recently bought a house in the ` hood that was built in the 1880s?
What does the New York Daily News note that after pleading guilty to beating up her assistant, the supermodel recently completed a series of?
What is &UR; James Taylor &LR; and his fiancee?
What notes that after pleading guilty to beating up her assistant, the supermodel recently completed a series of anger management sessions?
What kept complimenting me on how straight all night was?
What did. . . &QL; &LR; see the $30 blowouts as?
What does real Simple magazine recommend?
Who did he keep complimenting on how straight it was?
When did &QL; &LR; meet?
Who is 29?
What does the New York Daily News note?
Who kept complimenting me on how straight it was?
Who. . . saw the $30 blowouts as an investment?
What does he's asthmatic?
When is one for two houses in Lenox, Mass. , and one for their chickens?
What's a nymphomaniac with a zest for Scrabble?
What reports the shots show Campbell's body ``glistening with water and oil''?
What did &QL; &LR; avoid showering at?
What have-- &UR; James Taylor &LR; and his fiancee rented for the summer?
What is sports commentator?
What will preside over an auction of paintings for AmFAR?
What does a stucco exterior have according to the magazine &UR; John Madden &LR; recently bought?
What is &QL; WHO SAID WHAT &UR; ` Praise '?
What did. . . &QL; &LR; see as an investment?
What says?
Who has been scouting refugee camps ``Beyond Borders?''
What is reports?
What will Stone preside over an auction of?
What is the summer?
What do I have?
Who met my date?
What is &UR; Caroline Smedvig &LR;?
What will-- Louis Vuitton unveil a line of at the end of this month?
What did we not go to?
Who avoided showering at his house?
Who does &QL; &LR;'s?
What is &UR; Stacey &LR;?
What do &QL; &LR; have?
What do I look at?
What did not go to the gym together _ so how would &QL; &LR; know? ?
