What quoted unidentified ``informed sources''?
What did Government Prosecutor Nasri Lahoud say faced charges for ``the crimes of contacting the Israeli enemy and its agents''?
What did Government Prosecutor Nasri Lahoud say passing to them?
Who said passing information to them?
What does Lebanon forbid?
What said?
What was hossam al-Amin a commander of?
If convicted, who could face the death penalty?
What did the paper not say to?
Who said passing information to the 77?
When did officials say the remaining 60 were at large?
What did officials say 17 of the suspects were under at the time?
What is Lebanon technically at?
What did a Beirut newspaper report Sunday BEIRUT have been arrested on?
What was Mossad?
What reported Sunday BEIRUT have been arrested on suspicion of spying for Israel?
How many people did Lebanon accuse of passing information to Israel on Lebanese and Syrian troop movements and the activities of Lebanese guerrillas?
What was killed when a missile fired from an Israeli attack helicopter struck his car in south Lebanon?
Who said the 77 faced charges for ``the crimes of contacting the Israeli enemy and its agents''?
What did officials say were at large at the time?
What said the network uncovered based on information from a Lebanese suspected of being a spy for Israel?
What did the paper say was?
What did Government Prosecutor Nasri Lahoud say the 77 faced?
When did officials say 17 of the suspects were under arrest?
What did Government Prosecutor Nasri Lahoud say to?
What said the network was?
What could not immediately be confirmed by security officials?
What did officials say at the time?
What was the Israeli intelligence service?
Who did Government Prosecutor Nasri Lahoud say to?
What did Government Prosecutor Nasri Lahoud say?
What were believed to be separate from a spy ring that the government said it uncovered on July 8?
When did Ad Diyar newspaper say?
What accused 77 people of passing information to Israel on Lebanese and Syrian troop movements and the activities of Lebanese guerrillas?
What did Lebanon accuse of passing information to Israel on Lebanese and Syrian troop movements and the activities of Lebanese guerrillas?
What forbids contacts with the Jewish state?
What did Government Prosecutor Nasri Lahoud say passing to the 77?
Who said 17 of the suspects were under arrest at the time?
Who did officials say were under arrest at the time?
What did officials say under at the time?
Who said the remaining 60 were at large at the time?
Who could the paper's report not immediately be confirmed by?
What did a Beirut newspaper report Sunday have been arrested on suspicion of spying for Israel?
Who was hossam al-Amin?
What said the arrests followed a security sweep carried out by the Lebanese army in the neighborhood of Chiyeh in Beirut's southern suburbs in the past few days?
What did the paper say the network uncovered based on?
What did not say what kind of information the suspects allegedly gave to Mossad?
When did Ad Diyar newspaper say the arrests followed a security sweep carried out by the Lebanese army in the neighborhood of Chiyeh in Beirut's southern suburbs?
When did a Beirut newspaper report BEIRUT have been arrested on suspicion of spying for Israel?
What did the paper quote?
Who did Government Prosecutor Nasri Lahoud say passing information to?
What did it not say to?
What did Government Prosecutor Nasri Lahoud say passing information to?
If convicted, what could the suspects face?
What is technically at war with Israel?
What was a commander of the Syrian-backed Shiite Amal guerrilla movement?
What did Ad Diyar newspaper say the arrests followed in the past few days?
What did the paper say uncovered based on information from a Lebanese suspected of being a spy for Israel?
When did the suspects also stay in Ziyi?
What did a court order detained pending investigation?
Who was Sgt. Kyriakos Kyriacou?
What have a military alliance?
What was Justice Minister Nikos Koshis also quoted by Cyprus state radio as saying for?
What has Turkey occupied the northern third of the island of Cyprus since a 1974 invasion in the wake of an abortive coup by supporters of union with?
Who was also quoted by Cyprus state radio as saying that it should not be assumed they were spying for Israel?
What did the suspects appear in hours after police raided and searched their apartment in the village of Ziyi shortly after midnight?
Who were identified as Udi Hargov, 27 and Igal Damary?
What did the suspects also visit?
What did a court order?
What is Ziyi near?
What did a police official say for?
When did police search their apartment in the village of Ziyi?
What did the suspects also stay in between Oct. 15 and Oct. 22?
What did a court order them detained pending?
What was the visit?
Who did a police official say were suspected of spying for Israel on behalf of Turkey?
Who was the police lawyer for the district?
What did they also visit?
How many men did a police official say were suspected of spying for Israel on behalf of Turkey?
What _ Greek Cypriot police arrested two Israeli men Saturday on suspicion of spying?
Who also stayed in Ziyi between Oct. 15 and Oct. 22?
What did he say the two men were under?
Who were the men identified as?
What was Igal Damary?
What did they also stay in between Oct. 15 and Oct. 22?
What did police search their apartment in shortly after midnight?
What was Justice Minister Nikos Koshis also quoted by as saying that it should not be assumed the two countries were spying for Israel?
What was seen as an inference that spying might be for Turkey?
What did Sgt. Kyriakos Kyriacou tell the court on?
What has occupied the northern third of the island of Cyprus since a 1974 invasion in the wake of an abortive coup by supporters of union with Greece?
What did a police official speak on?
What was Lebanon?
What has Turkey occupied the northern third of the island of Cyprus since by supporters of union with Greece?
Who spoke on condition of anonymity?
Who did a court order detained pending investigation?
What was hailed as ushering in a new era in the lukewarm relations between the two countries?
What did Sgt. Kyriakos Kyriacou tell that an investigation is being conducted of whether the two spied on the Cypriot army?
Who appeared in Larnaca District Court hours after police raided and searched their apartment in the village of Ziyi shortly after midnight?
Who was this seen as an inference for?
How many men did he say were under surveillance?
Who said the pair arrived in Cyprus on Friday?
What was the Palestine Liberation Organization based in?
What was the first by an Israeli president?
Where did Kyriacou say the pair arrived on Friday?
What did police search in the village of Ziyi shortly after midnight?
What was a listening post for the intelligence agents of Israel as well as the Palestine Liberation Organization in the 1970s and 1980s?
What was this seen as that spying might be for Turkey?
What also stayed in Ziyi between Oct. 15 and Oct. 22?
Who said the two men were under surveillance?
What did Kyriacou say the pair arrived in on Friday?
When did Kyriacou say the pair arrived in Cyprus?
Who ended a three-day visit to the island?
What ordered greek Cypriot police detained pending investigation?
What ordered them detained pending investigation?
Who did he say were under surveillance?
How many countries have a military alliance?
What did Kyriacou say arrived in Cyprus on Friday?
When did they also stay in Ziyi?
When did the suspects appear in Larnaca District Court after police raided and searched their apartment in the village of Ziyi shortly after midnight?
What was based in Lebanon?
What did Israeli President Ezer Weizman end?
Where did Kyriacou say?
What searched their apartment in the village of Ziyi shortly after midnight?
Who was this seen as an inference that spying might be for?
What was a half-hour flight from the Mediterranean island?
Who also visited Cyprus?
What was Cyprus a listening post for the intelligence agents of Israel as well as in the 1970s and 1980s?
What was Justice Minister Nikos Koshis also quoted by Cyprus state radio as saying that it should not be assumed for?
When was Cyprus a listening post for the intelligence agents of Israel as well as the Palestine Liberation Organization?
What do the two countries have?
Where was the Palestine Liberation Organization based?
Who did Sgt. Kyriakos Kyriacou say were under surveillance?
What was Cyprus as well as the Palestine Liberation Organization in the 1970s and 1980s?
What raided?
Who was 49?
What was Justice Minister Nikos Koshis also quoted by as saying that it should not be assumed they were spying for Israel?
What has Turkey occupied since a 1974 invasion in the wake of an abortive coup by supporters of union with Greece?
Who told the court that an investigation is being conducted of whether the two spied on the Cypriot army?
How many men did Sgt. Kyriakos Kyriacou say were under surveillance?
What did Sgt. Kyriakos Kyriacou say the two men were under?
Who was also quoted by Cyprus state radio as saying that it should not be assumed the two countries were spying for Israel?
What did a court order greek Cypriot police detained pending?
What did Kyriacou say in?
What did LARNACA, Cyprus _ Greek Cypriot police arrested two Israeli men Saturday on?
Who is near an army camp and the southern coastal town of Larnaca?
What did LARNACA, Cyprus _ arrested two Israeli men Saturday on suspicion of spying?
Who said the two men were suspected of spying for Israel on behalf of Turkey?
What came three days after Israeli President Ezer Weizman ended a three-day visit to the island?
Who has Turkey occupied the northern third of the island of Cyprus since a 1974 invasion in the wake of an abortive coup by with Greece?
What also visited Cyprus?
What has Turkey occupied the northern third of since a 1974 invasion in the wake of an abortive coup by supporters of union with Greece?
Who said Saturday they found cameras, wireless instruments, tapes of conversations between police, radio scanners and maps in the apartment the two were renting?
What did cypriot police say would be brought before a remand hearing Nov. 16?
What has repeatedly insisted that its ties with Turkey are not directed against any other countries in the region?
What did Rafi Eitan say?
Who did a government official say would likely visit JERUSALEM _ Israel in prison?
What did cypriot police officials say Saturday?
What does Cyprus fear?
What was Cyprus widely used as from various regional powers during the 1970s and 1980s?
Who did a government official say Israeli diplomats would likely visit in prison?
What did israeli military commentator Oded Granot write in Maariv newspaper that the two might have been caught in?
What have chilled in recent months as Israel conducted joint military maneuvers with Turkey as part of their 1996 defense pact?
What did Turkey occupy the northern third of in 1974?
What did Rafi Eitan say methods and devices used by the two were?
Who said Israeli diplomats would likely visit JERUSALEM _ Israel in prison?
What did Israel conduct as part of their 1996 defense pact?
When did Cypriot President Glafcos Clerides reaffirm that his government would go ahead and deploy the anti-aircraft missiles?
Who did a government official say would likely visit them in prison?
What did senior intelligence sources tell the Maariv newspaper that the Mossad would not take such risks to gather intelligence on?
When was JERUSALEM _ Israel officially silent on the subject of two Israelis arrested in Cyprus on suspicion of spying?
What did a government official say Israeli diplomats would likely visit them in?
What did senior intelligence sources tell the Maariv newspaper that the Mossad would not take to gather intelligence on Turkey's behalf?
What conducted joint military maneuvers with Turkey as part of their 1996 defense pact?
What did Turkey occupy in 1974?
Who reaffirmed Saturday that his government would go ahead and deploy the anti-aircraft missiles?
What did israeli military analyst Ron Ben Yishai suggest were meant as a warning to Israel not to cooperate with Turkey in any spy operation?
Who wrote in Maariv newspaper that the two might have been caught in a training exercise that went wrong?
What did senior intelligence sources tell the Maariv newspaper that the Mossad would not take such risks to gather on Turkey's behalf?
What did Cypriot President Glafcos Clerides reaffirm Saturday?
What was widely used as a regional listening post by intelligence agents from various regional powers during the 1970s and 1980s?
What said the two would be brought before a remand hearing Nov. 16?
What did senior intelligence sources tell that the Mossad would not take such risks to gather intelligence on Turkey's behalf?
What occupied the northern third of Cyprus in 1974?
When had Israeli President Ezer Weizman almost succeeded in patching up relations with Cyprus with a three-day visit to the island?
What speculated about whether the pair's presence had anything to do with Cyprus ' recent purchase of S-300 anti-aircraft missiles from Russia?
What was JERUSALEM _ Israel officially silent Sunday on arrested in Cyprus on suspicion of spying?
Who did a Cypriot police source say were suspected of spying on behalf of Turkey?
What are installed?
What did israeli military analyst Ron Ben Yishai suggest the arrests were meant as not to cooperate with Turkey in any spy operation?
Who was a former Mossad operator?
Who does Cyprus fear Israel is training on how to bomb the missile batteries once they are installed?
What did Rafi Eitan speculate that the two might have been hired by?
What was Rafi Eitan?
What did Rafi Eitan say methods and devices used by the two were not typical of?
What did some Israeli press reports speculate about whether the pair's presence had anything to do with Cyprus ' recent purchase of S-300 anti-aircraft missiles from?
Who are installed?
What did cypriot police officials say Saturday they found?
Who said methods and devices used by the two were not typical of the Mossad?
What invaded?
What did Rafi Eitan say were not typical of the Mossad?
What did israeli foreign ministry spokeman Effii Ben-Matityahu have?
What did he speculate that the two might have been hired by?
What has Israel repeatedly insisted that its ties with Turkey are not directed against?
What did israeli military commentator Oded Granot write in Maariv newspaper in?
What did senior intelligence sources tell the Maariv newspaper on?
When did Turkey occupy the northern third of Cyprus?
What did cypriot police say before?
Who speculated that the two might have been hired by a private Turkish outfit?
What did Israel conduct joint military maneuvers with Turkey as?
What did a Cypriot police source say on?
When has Turkey significantly increased military cooperation with Israel?
What fears Israel is training Turkish pilots on how to bomb the missile batteries once they are installed?
What did some former officials and analysts express for allegedly spying on a nearby army base _ were working for the Mossad secret service in Israel?
What told the Maariv newspaper that the Mossad would not take such risks to gather intelligence on Turkey's behalf?
Whose behalf did senior intelligence sources tell the Maariv newspaper on?
What has Israel repeatedly insisted against?
When did cypriot police say the two would be brought before a remand hearing?
What did a government official say Israeli diplomats would likely visit JERUSALEM _ Israel in?
What did israeli military analyst Ron Ben Yishai write in?
Whose behalf did senior intelligence sources tell the Maariv newspaper that the Mossad would not take such risks to gather intelligence on?
Who suggested the arrests were meant as a warning to Israel not to cooperate with Turkey in any spy operation?
What was Cyprus widely used as a regional listening post by intelligence agents from during the 1970s and 1980s?
Who said Israeli diplomats would likely visit them in prison?
When was Cyprus widely used as a regional listening post by intelligence agents from various regional powers?
What did israeli military commentator Oded Granot write in that the two might have been caught in a training exercise that went wrong?
Who had almost succeeded in patching up relations with Cyprus with a three-day visit to the island last week?
What did cypriot police officials say Saturday they found were renting?
What has significantly increased military cooperation with Israel in the past two years?
When have Relations between Cyprus and Israel chilled as Israel conducted joint military maneuvers with Turkey as part of their 1996 defense pact?
What does Cyprus fear is training Turkish pilots on how to bomb the missile batteries once they are installed?
What did cypriot police say the two would be brought before Nov. 16?
What did a government official say Israeli diplomats would likely visit in prison?
What has Turkey significantly increased in the past two years?
What said the Israelis were suspected of spying on behalf of Turkey?
What did Rafi Eitan speculate by?
What was officially silent Sunday on the subject of two Israelis arrested in Cyprus on suspicion of spying?
What did israeli military analyst Ron Ben Yishai suggest as?
Who wrote in the Yediot Ahronoth newspaper?
What did a government official say in?
What did he speculate by?
What has repeatedly insisted that its ties with Turkey are not directed against any other countries in the region?
What does Cyprus fear?
What said Sunday JERUSALEM _ The two Israelis arrested in Cyprus on suspicion of spying were not working for Israel?
What was Cyprus widely used as from various regional powers during the 1970s and 1980s?
Who did Israel TV say arrived three weeks ago during a military training exercise in the area?
Who said, ``We want to look at this through the prism of the good relations we have with Israel because. . . we treasure these relations''?
When did the Cypriot Justice Ministry say, ``From the investigations to date, nothing has transpired to link this issue with the government of Israel''?
What have chilled in recent months as Israel conducted joint military maneuvers with Turkey as part of their 1996 defense pact?
Who were arrested Saturday in a small community of Ziyi near the southern coastal resort of Larnaca?
What did the Cypriot police source speak on?
What did Turkey occupy the northern third of in 1974?
What did Israel conduct as part of their 1996 defense pact?
When did Cypriot President Glafcos Clerides reaffirm that his government would go ahead and deploy the anti-aircraft missiles?
Who speculated that the two suspects might have been hired by a private Turkish outfit?
When did the Cypriot government say JERUSALEM _ The two Israelis arrested in Cyprus on suspicion of spying were not working for Israel?
What did Evriades say, ``We want to look at this through the prism of the good relations with. . . we treasure these relations''?
What did cypriot ambassador to Israel Euripides Evriades tell Israel's Channel Two TV?
What conducted joint military maneuvers with Turkey as part of their 1996 defense pact?
What did Rafi Eitan speculate that the two suspects might have been hired by?
What did cypriot police say they found were renting?
What did Turkey occupy in 1974?
Who reaffirmed Saturday that his government would go ahead and deploy the anti-aircraft missiles?
What did israeli military analyst Ron Ben Yishai suggest were meant as a warning to Israel not to cooperate with Turkey in any spy operation?
How many men did Israel TV say arrived three weeks ago during a military training exercise in the area?
What said Sunday, ``From the investigations to date, nothing has transpired to link this issue with the government of Israel''?
What did Cypriot President Glafcos Clerides reaffirm Saturday?
What was widely used as a regional listening post by intelligence agents from various regional powers during the 1970s and 1980s?
What did Israel TV say during?
Where did the Cypriot government say Sunday JERUSALEM _ The two Israelis arrested on suspicion of spying were not working for Israel?
What occupied the northern third of Cyprus in 1974?
What said they found cameras, wireless instruments, tapes of conversations between police, radio scanners and maps in the apartment the two were renting?
What did the Cypriot government say Sunday JERUSALEM _ The two Israelis arrested in Cyprus on?
When had Israeli President Ezer Weizman almost succeeded in patching up relations with Cyprus with a three-day visit to the island?
What speculated about whether the pair's presence had anything to do with Cyprus ' recent purchase of S-300 anti-aircraft missiles from Russia?
Who did a Cypriot police source say were suspected of spying on behalf of Turkey?
What are installed?
What did israeli military analyst Ron Ben Yishai suggest the arrests were meant as not to cooperate with Turkey in any spy operation?
What did cypriot ambassador to Israel Euripides Evriades tell Israel's Channel Two TV that he hoped would not harm relations between the two countries?
Who was a former Mossad operator?
What did cypriot police say the two men would be brought before Nov. 16?
Who does Cyprus fear Israel is training on how to bomb the missile batteries once they are installed?
What was Rafi Eitan?
What did some Israeli press reports speculate about whether the pair's presence had anything to do with Cyprus ' recent purchase of S-300 anti-aircraft missiles from?
Who are installed?
What invaded?
Who did cypriot police say would be brought before a remand hearing Nov. 16?
Who were visited Saturday and Sunday by Israeli consulate officials?
What has Israel repeatedly insisted that its ties with Turkey are not directed against?
What did cypriot ambassador to Israel Euripides Evriades tell that he hoped the incident would not harm relations between the two countries?
What did cypriot police say found cameras, wireless instruments, tapes of conversations between police, radio scanners and maps in the apartment the two were renting?
Who did the Cypriot government say Sunday JERUSALEM _ arrested in Cyprus on suspicion of spying were not working for Israel?
When did Turkey occupy the northern third of Cyprus?
What did cypriot police say before?
What did Israel TV say the two men arrived three weeks ago during?
What did Israel conduct joint military maneuvers with Turkey as?
What did a Cypriot police source say on?
When has Turkey significantly increased military cooperation with Israel?
What fears Israel is training Turkish pilots on how to bomb the missile batteries once they are installed?
What did cypriot ambassador to Israel Euripides Evriades tell Israel's Channel Two TV that he hoped the incident would not harm?
What has Israel repeatedly insisted against?
What did israeli military analyst Ron Ben Yishai write in?
What did cypriot police say?
Who were the two Israelis visited Saturday and Sunday by?
Who suggested the arrests were meant as a warning to Israel not to cooperate with Turkey in any spy operation?
What was Cyprus widely used as a regional listening post by intelligence agents from during the 1970s and 1980s?
When was Cyprus widely used as a regional listening post by intelligence agents from various regional powers?
What did cypriot police say they found?
Who had almost succeeded in patching up relations with Cyprus with a three-day visit to the island last week?
What did the Cypriot government say Sunday _ The two Israelis arrested in Cyprus on suspicion of spying were not working for Israel?
What did the Cypriot government say Sunday JERUSALEM _ The two Israelis arrested in on suspicion of spying were not working for Israel?
What said the two men would be brought before a remand hearing Nov. 16?
What has significantly increased military cooperation with Israel in the past two years?
Who told Israel's Channel Two TV that he hoped the incident would not harm relations between the two countries?
What spoke on condition of anonymity?
What were the two Israelis arrested Saturday in?
What said the two men arrived three weeks ago during a military training exercise in the area?
How many men did cypriot police say would be brought before a remand hearing Nov. 16?
When have Relations between Cyprus and Israel chilled as Israel conducted joint military maneuvers with Turkey as part of their 1996 defense pact?
What does Cyprus fear is training Turkish pilots on how to bomb the missile batteries once they are installed?
When were the two Israelis arrested in a small community of Ziyi near the southern coastal resort of Larnaca?
What has Turkey significantly increased in the past two years?
What did cypriot ambassador to Israel Euripides Evriades tell Israel's Channel Two TV that he hoped?
What said the Israelis were suspected of spying on behalf of Turkey?
What did Rafi Eitan speculate by?
What did israeli military analyst Ron Ben Yishai suggest as?
Who wrote in the Yediot Ahronoth newspaper?
Who did cypriot police say found cameras, wireless instruments, tapes of conversations between police, radio scanners and maps in the apartment the two were renting?
When did cypriot police say the two men would be brought before a remand hearing?
Who 'll bring them home of course?
Who was two Israelis on suspicion of spying for the Greek Cypriot government's enemy?
What did NICOSIA try to repair after the weekend arrest of two Israelis on suspicion of spying for the Greek Cypriot government's enemy?
What maintains 35,000 troops in the Turkish-occupied northern third of the Mediterranean island?
When did Turkey invade the island?
Who did Israeli Ambassador Shemi Tzur tell Israeli President Ezer Weizman sent his Cypriot counterpart a ``message'' of friendship?
What did Tzur say to, ``We do hope that this cloud which appeared this last weekend will leave us and we will continue our good relations''?
What 'll we clarify?
What follows an abortive coup by supporters of union with Greece?
What were cameras?
What 'll we bring them home of?
Who was asked Sunday if they were Israeli agents?
What does Turkey follow by supporters of union with Greece?
What does Turkey maintain in the Turkish-occupied northern third of the Mediterranean island?
What said that the two were suspected of spying on the Cypriot National Guard?
Who did Israeli Ambassador Shemi Tzur tell reporters sent his Cypriot counterpart a ``message'' of friendship?
Who said, ``Every Israeli citizen is important to Police officials''?
What invaded the island in 1974?
What appeared in court?
What have Police officials said privately that the Israelis probably were gathering?
What did a police statement say in?
What was NICOSIA?
Who were seized in an apartment in the fishing village of Ziyi?
Who does Turkey follow an abortive coup by with Greece?
What was Ziyi?
What did NICOSIA appear in?
What has not denied the men worked for its Mossad intelligence agency?
When did Israeli President Ezer Weizman visit Cyprus Saturday?
What 'll Police officials clarify?
Who were ordered held for eight days for a police investigation?
What were NICOSIA ordered held for eight days for?
Who was Turkey?
Who told reporters Israeli President Ezer Weizman sent his Cypriot counterpart a ``message'' of friendship?
What did a police statement say that cameras were found in?
How many troops does Turkey maintain in the Turkish-occupied northern third of the Mediterranean island?
What said that cameras were found in the apartment?
Who 'll clarify this?
What did Turkey invade in 1974?
Who was halfway between the coastal cities of Larnaca and Limassol?
When were NICOSIA ordered held for a police investigation?
Who appeared in court?
Who has Israel not denied?
What were ordered held for eight days for a police investigation?
What have Police officials said privately?
When was Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu asked if Police officials were Israeli agents?
What has been split into a Greek Cypriot-controlled south and a Turkish-occupied north since Turkey invaded the island in 1974?
Who have said privately that the Israelis probably were gathering information for Turkey?
What were recordings of police radio messages, radio scanners and maps?
What were the two Israelis seized in?
What 'll Police officials bring them home of?
What does Turkey follow an abortive coup by supporters of union with?
Who was asked Sunday if Police officials were Israeli agents?
What does Turkey maintain 35,000 troops in?
What were they ordered held for eight days for?
Who said, ``Every Israeli citizen is important to us''?
What tried to repair any damage done to relations with Cyprus after the weekend arrest of two Israelis on suspicion of spying for the Greek Cypriot government's enemy?
What did a police statement say on?
When were they ordered held for a police investigation?
What was Cyprus _ Israel on Monday?
What were cameras recordings of?
When was Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu asked if they were Israeli agents?
What did they appear in?
What has Cyprus been split into since Turkey invaded the island in 1974?
What did NICOSIA try to repair any damage done to relations with Cyprus after?
Who visited Cyprus three days before the Israelis ' arrest Saturday?
What did not say who had employed the two?
What did the Foreign Ministry say it would continue to clarify?
What did the Foreign Ministry say would work to maintain good relations with the island country?
What did the Foreign Ministry say would continue to clarify the issue?
When did Turkey occupy the northern third of Cyprus?
What did Turkey occupy the northern third of in 1974?
What said, ``The two Israelis that were arrested in Cyprus did not act against Cyprus and did not act on Turkey's behalf''?
What did the statement not say?
What had said they suspected the Israelis were spying on behalf of Turkey?
Who had cypriot police said they suspected were spying on behalf of Turkey?
What had cypriot police said on?
What did the Foreign Ministry say?
What did Israel's Foreign Ministry announce Wednesday for JERUSALEM _ Trying to dispel persistent rumors?
What has strained relations between Israel and Cyprus grown increasingly suspicious of?
What had cypriot police said they suspected the Israelis were spying on?
What announced Wednesday that two Israelis arrested in Cyprus last week as suspected spies were not working for Turkey JERUSALEM _ Trying to dispel persistent rumors?
What did Turkey occupy in 1974?
Whose visit to Cyprus were the friendly relations expressed recently by?
What were the friendly relations expressed recently by?
What did the Foreign Ministry say it would work to maintain with the island country?
What occupied the northern third of Cyprus in 1974?
What has grown increasingly suspicious of Israel's military pact with Turkey?
Who had cypriot police said suspected the Israelis were spying on behalf of Turkey?
What have strained relations between Israel and Cyprus?
What were expressed recently by the Israeli president's visit to Cyprus?
What said it would work to maintain good relations with the island country?
What do the arrests have?
What said it would continue to clarify the issue?
What has strained relations between Israel and Cyprus grown?
What did the Foreign Ministry say with?
What had cypriot police said they suspected on?
What had cypriot police said suspected the Israelis were spying on behalf of Turkey?
What did Israel's Foreign Ministry announce Wednesday that two Israelis arrested in Cyprus last week as suspected spies were not working for Turkey JERUSALEM _ Trying to dispel?
What did the Foreign Ministry say it would work to maintain good relations with?
What invaded?
What has Israel's government not acknowledged that the two are?
Who visited Cyprus for three days last week?
Who did cypriot police arrested the Israelis in the coastal fishing town of Ziyi on Saturday and accuse of spying on a nearby army base?
What did the Haaretz daily say Thursday that the two men were?
What did an Israeli newspaper say Thursday JERUSALEM _?
What did the Mossad tell the authorities in Cyprus?
Who sent an envoy to the island on Sunday in efforts to ease tensions over the case?
When did Israeli President Ezer Weizman visit Cyprus last week?
What did the newspaper say it learned from a senior source in Cyprus?
What did an Israeli newspaper say Thursday JERUSALEM _ Two Israelis who were arrested in Cyprus last week on suspicion of spying are agents of?
What told the authorities in Cyprus that it was not interested in damaging Nicosia's sovereignty?
What accused them of spying on a nearby army base?
What said two Israelis who were arrested in Cyprus last week on suspicion of spying were listening to police scanners to make sure no one approached the meeting place?
What also said the two men were not acting against Cyprus?
Where did the Mossad tell the authorities that it was simply going about its business?
What did the Mossad tell in Cyprus that it was not interested in damaging Nicosia's sovereignty?
What did the Haaretz daily say Thursday that the two men were part of?
What has Turkey occupied the northern third of Cyprus since in 1974?
What did the Haaretz daily say Thursday?
What did the Mossad tell in Cyprus that it was simply going about its business?
Who did an Israeli newspaper say Thursday JERUSALEM _ are agents of the Israeli intelligence agency Mossad?
What did the Mossad tell the authorities in Cyprus about?
Who did Israeli President Ezer Weizman send to the island on Sunday in efforts to ease tensions over the case?
What did Israeli President Ezer Weizman send an envoy to the island on Sunday in?
What has occupied the northern third of Cyprus since an invasion in 1974?
What has Turkey occupied since an invasion in 1974?
What did the source in Cyprus say comments by Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu earlier this week that ``of course we 'll bring them home'' had damaged?
What did an Israeli newspaper say Thursday _ Two Israelis who were arrested in Cyprus last week on suspicion of spying are agents of the Israeli intelligence agency Mossad?
What said they were listening to police scanners to make sure no one approached the meeting place?
Who did the newspaper say were listening to police scanners to make sure no one approached the meeting place?
When has Turkey occupied the northern third of Cyprus since an invasion?
Who did the statement also say were not acting against Cyprus?
What did the newspaper say from?
What said Thursday JERUSALEM _ Two Israelis who were arrested in Cyprus last week on suspicion of spying are agents of the Israeli intelligence agency Mossad?
What did the newspaper say were listening to police scanners to make sure no one approached the meeting place?
Who daily said Thursday that the two men were part of an Israeli intelligence operation held near Ziyi last Friday and Saturday?
What has Israel's government not acknowledged?
What did the source in Cyprus say had damaged chances the two would be quickly released?
What did the newspaper say learned from a senior source in Cyprus that the two men had been guarding a meeting of Mossad agents?
What would only say that rumors that the two were spying on behalf of Turkey were not true?
What did an Israeli newspaper say Thursday JERUSALEM _ Two Israelis who were arrested in Cyprus last week on suspicion of spying are?
When did the Haaretz daily say that the two men were part of an Israeli intelligence operation held near Ziyi last Friday and Saturday?
What told the authorities in Cyprus that it was simply going about its business?
What did cypriot police arrested the Israelis in the coastal fishing town of Ziyi on Saturday and accuse of spying on a nearby army base?
Where did the Mossad tell the authorities that it was not interested in damaging Nicosia's sovereignty?
What did the newspaper say it learned from that the two men had been guarding a meeting of Mossad agents?
What did the source in Cyprus say?
How many men did the statement also say were not acting against Cyprus?
When did Israeli President Ezer Weizman send an envoy to the island in efforts to ease tensions over the case?
What has not acknowledged that the two are Israeli agents?
What did Israeli President Ezer Weizman send an envoy to on Sunday in efforts to ease tensions over the case?
What would the Israeli Foreign Ministry only say?
What did the statement also say the two men were not acting against?
When did an Israeli newspaper say JERUSALEM _ Two Israelis who were arrested in Cyprus last week on suspicion of spying are agents of the Israeli intelligence agency Mossad?
What did the Mossad tell the authorities in Cyprus that it was simply going about?
What has Turkey occupied the northern third of since an invasion in 1974?
What did the Mossad tell the authorities in that it was not interested in damaging Nicosia's sovereignty?
What said it learned from a senior source in Cyprus that the two men had been guarding a meeting of Mossad agents?
What did the statement also say against?
What did the Mossad tell the authorities in that it was simply going about its business?
What has not denied that the two are Mossad agents?
What did Lawyer Andis Triantafyllides say?
When did the prosecutor say he needed?
Who were Lawyer Andis Triantafyllides's clients?
Who was Andreas Naum?
Who did Lawyer Andis Triantafyllides say his clients deny they are?
What was Mossad?
What added that the two were not acting against Cyprus, but gave no further explanation?
What did he add shortly before?''
What are interested in gaining information on the planned deployment by Cyprus of Russian S-300 anti-aircraft missiles?
What did he add that investigations have already established shortly before?''
What does the Israel and Turkey occupy?
Who said his clients deny they are spies?
What did the Israeli daily Haaretz report Thursday that the two men are agents of?
What did Naum say under?''
What did Naum add with?
What was Igal Damary?
What did the Israeli daily Haaretz report Thursday?
Who did the prosecutor say needed the time to complete investigating ``a very serious case of spying''?
Who reported Thursday that the two men were part of an intelligence operation near the small fishing port of Ziyi?
Who was 47?
What was Israel's military ally?
What occupies the northern third of the island?
Whose clients were Udi Hargov, 27, and Igal Damary?
What did the court order after the prosecutor said he needed the time to complete investigating ``a very serious case of spying?''
What did a police prosecutor say in court Sunday LARNACA, Cyprus _ Two Israelis arrested on suspicion of spying had been telephoning just before being seized?
What did a police prosecutor add that investigations have already established shortly before?''
When did the Israeli daily Haaretz report that the two men were part of an intelligence operation near the small fishing port of Ziyi?
Who was the prosecutor?
Who said in court Sunday LARNACA, Cyprus _ Two Israelis arrested on suspicion of spying had been telephoning an intelligence institute in Tel Aviv just before being seized?
What ordered the two held for another five days after the prosecutor said he needed the time to complete investigating ``a very serious case of spying?''
What did a police prosecutor add shortly before?''
What does the Israel and Turkey occupy the northern third of?
Who reported Thursday that the two men are agents of Mossad?
What did the Israeli daily Haaretz report Thursday that they were?
What did the prosecutor say?
What was the Israeli intelligence agency?
What did the Israeli daily Haaretz report Thursday that the two men were?
Who said he needed the time to complete investigating ``a very serious case of spying''?
Who did Lawyer Andis Triantafyllides say deny they are spies?
Who added that the two men had refused to answer any questions or otherwise cooperate with the investigation?
Who reported Thursday that they were part of an intelligence operation near the small fishing port of Ziyi?
What did a police prosecutor say in court Sunday had been telephoning an intelligence institute in Tel Aviv just before being seized?
What did Lawyer Andis Triantafyllides say his clients deny are spies?
What has Israel not denied that the two are?
When did the Israeli daily Haaretz report that they were part of an intelligence operation near the small fishing port of Ziyi?
What did a ministry statement add against?
What did the court order the two held for another five days after the prosecutor said?''
Who added, ``On the night of their arrest there was a very important military operation in the area which had to be kept secret''?
Who were Udi Hargov, 27, and Igal Damary?
Who were his clients?
What has Israel not denied?
What did the Israeli daily Haaretz report Thursday that the two men were part of?
What said only that rumors that the two were spying on behalf of Turkey were not true?
What did Lawyer Andis Triantafyllides say his clients deny?
What did the Israeli daily Haaretz report Thursday that they were part of?
When did the Israeli daily Haaretz report that the two men are agents of Mossad?
Who did Lawyer Andis Triantafyllides say his clients deny are spies?
What did the Israeli daily Haaretz report Thursday that the two men are?
What was Turkey?
What were the two Israelis arrested Nov. 6 in?
What did Cypriot prosecutor Andreas Naum say that shortly before, the two had been telephoning ``a specific intelligence institute whose headquarters is in Tel Aviv?''
What do the two Israelis enter Cyprus on?
Who did Netanyahu's office say met with the Cypriot ambassador to Israel after reviewing an internal investigation regarding the spy charges?
What does the Israel and Turkey occupy the northern third of?
Who said the two men were believed to be spying on behalf of Turkey?
Who said that shortly before their arrest, the two had been telephoning ``a specific intelligence institute whose headquarters is in Tel Aviv?''
What has close relations with Israel?
Who did Police officials say were believed to be spying on behalf of Turkey?
What did Police officials say on?
What strained Israeli-Jordanian relations?
What are interested in gaining information on the planned deployment by Cyprus of Russian S-300 anti-aircraft missiles?
How many men did Police officials say were believed to be spying on behalf of Turkey?
Who did Netanyahu's office say the premier met with after reviewing an internal investigation regarding the spy charges?
What does the Israel and Turkey occupy?
What were caught in Jordan trying to assassinate a political figure in the militant Hamas group in September 1997?
What did Police find surveillance equipment and recording devices in the two men had rented?
Who have said that if the two men turn out to be Mossad agents, it would deeply affect relations between the two countries?
What did Police find surveillance equipment and recording devices in the apartment?
What is Nicosia?
What have cypriot officials said?
What is Cyprus?
What do the two Israelis enter on false passports?
Who has not confirmed or denied reports that the two men in custody in Nicosia are Mossad agents?
What did Cypriot prosecutor Andreas Naum say shortly before?''
What was interpreted by Israeli media as a confirmation the two worked for Israel's Mossad?
What have cypriot officials said that if the two men turn out to be Mossad agents, it would deeply affect?
What did Police officials speak on?
What occupies the northern third of the island?
What said the premier met with the Cypriot ambassador to Israel after reviewing an internal investigation regarding the spy charges?
Who did Netanyahu's office say with?
What did Police find in the apartment the two men had rented?
Who did Police find surveillance equipment and recording devices in the apartment had rented?
What were israeli Mossad agents caught in trying to assassinate a political figure in the militant Hamas group in September 1997?
Who were arrested Nov. 6 in the coastal fishing village of Ziyi?
Who spoke on condition of anonymity?
What does Turkey have?
When were the two Israelis arrested in the coastal fishing village of Ziyi?
When were israeli Mossad agents caught in Jordan trying to assassinate a political figure in the militant Hamas group?
What do the incident strain?
Who enter Cyprus on false passports?
What was JERUSALEM- A statement from Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu's office Wednesday regarding two Israelis accused of spying in Cyprus interpreted by Israeli media as?
What have cypriot officials said that if the two men turn out to be Mossad agents, two Israelis accused of spying in Cyprus would deeply affect?
How many men did Police find surveillance equipment and recording devices in the apartment had rented?
Whose office said the premier met with the Cypriot ambassador to Israel after reviewing an internal investigation regarding the spy charges?
What found surveillance equipment and recording devices in the apartment the two men had rented?
Who did the source cited by Haaretz say with?
What was a military ally of Israel?
What said that the two men refuse to cooperate with interrogators?
When did Turkey invade the island?
What has Haaretz reported that the two men were part of?
What did the daily Haaretz report Friday JERUSALEM _ A Cypriot restaurant owner who tipped police to the activities of two Israelis suspected of spying is actually?
What follows an abortive coup by supporters of union with Greece?
What has Haaretz reported that the two men are?
Who did cypriot police officials tell Haaretz were believed to be spying on behalf of Turkey?
What does Turkey follow by supporters of union with Greece?
What found surveillance equipment and recording devices in their rented apartment?
Who reported Friday JERUSALEM _ A Cypriot restaurant owner who tipped police to the activities of two Israelis suspected of spying is actually a Cypriot security agent?
What invaded the island in 1974?
What said on their next trip in early November, Cyprus monitored the two Israelis as soon as they arrived at Larnaca airport on forged passports?
What did cypriot police officials speak on?
What has Haaretz reported?
What did Haaretz say under?
How many men did cypriot police officials tell Haaretz were believed to be spying on behalf of Turkey?
What added that the two were not acting against Cyprus, but gave no further explanation?
Who does Turkey follow an abortive coup by with Greece?
What did Police find in their rented apartment?
What was a statement released this week by Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu's office interpreted by as a confirmation that two worked for Israel's Mossad?
What has Haaretz reported that the two men were?
What has Haaretz reported that the two men are agents of?
Whose Nov. 6 arrest in the coastal fishing village of Ziyi did the surveillance lead to?
What was Turkey a military ally of?
What did Haaretz say Cypriot prosecutor Andreas Naum said had been telephoning ``a specific intelligence institute whose headquarters is in Tel Aviv'' shortly before the arrest?
Whose next trip in early November did the paper say on, Cyprus monitored the two Israelis as soon as they arrived at Larnaca airport on forged passports?
What did cypriot police officials tell Haaretz on?
Who cited a Cypriot source?
Who has reported that they were part of an intelligence operation near Ziyi?
What has said only that reports that the two were spying on behalf of Turkey were not true?
What did Haaretz say Cypriot prosecutor Andreas Naum said?
What was interpreted by Israeli media as a confirmation that two worked for Israel's Mossad?
What did Turkey invade in 1974?
Who did the paper say on their next trip in early November, Cyprus monitored as soon as they arrived at Larnaca airport on forged passports?
What did the paper say on their next trip in early November, monitored the two Israelis as soon as they arrived at Larnaca airport on forged passports?
Who has reported that the two men are agents of Mossad?
What did a ministry statement add against?
Who told Haaretz the two men were believed to be spying on behalf of Turkey?
What did Haaretz cite?
Who did Haaretz say were under surveillance during a previous visit to Cyprus in mid-October, but were allowed to leave because of a lack of incriminating evidence?
Who did the daily Haaretz report Friday JERUSALEM _ is actually a Cypriot security agent?
Who did the paper say on two Israelis's next trip in early November, Cyprus monitored as soon as they arrived at Larnaca airport on forged passports?
What did the daily Haaretz report Friday JERUSALEM _?
What has been split into a Greek Cypriot-controlled south and a Turkish-occupied north since Turkey invaded the island in 1974?
Who spoke on condition of anonymity?
Who did cypriot police officials tell the two men were believed to be spying on behalf of Turkey?
What has Israel's Foreign Ministry said only?
What has Haaretz reported that they were part of?
What said on two Israelis's next trip in early November, Cyprus monitored the two Israelis as soon as they arrived at Larnaca airport on forged passports?
What has Haaretz reported that they were?
What is Mossad?
What does Turkey follow an abortive coup by supporters of union with?
Who said Cypriot prosecutor Andreas Naum said the two had been telephoning ``a specific intelligence institute whose headquarters is in Tel Aviv'' shortly before the arrest?
Who did the source cited by Haaretz say that the two men refuse to cooperate with?
What did the paper say on, Cyprus monitored the two Israelis as soon as they arrived at Larnaca airport on forged passports?
Who has reported that the two men were part of an intelligence operation near Ziyi?
What is the Israeli intelligence agency?
What did Police find surveillance equipment and recording devices in?
What did the surveillance lead to?
What led to their Nov. 6 arrest in the coastal fishing village of Ziyi?
Who has not confirmed or denied reports that the two men in custody are Mossad agents?
What was a statement released this week by Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu's office interpreted by Israeli media as?
What has Cyprus been split into since Turkey invaded the island in 1974?
Who did Haaretz say said the two had been telephoning ``a specific intelligence institute whose headquarters is in Tel Aviv'' shortly before the arrest?
What led to two Israelis's Nov. 6 arrest in the coastal fishing village of Ziyi?
What was Turkey?
Who ended the first ever official visit to the island by an Israeli head of state?
What are known to be interested in gaining information on the planned arrival in Cyprus of Russian S-300 anti-aircraft missiles?
When were LARNACA, Cyprus _ Two Israelis held on this Mediterranean island on suspicion of espionage formally charged with spying on Cyprus for a foreign country?
Who was the two?
What were escorted into the courthouse to avoid the waiting photographers?
What were the two also charged with for espionage use?
When did Judge Tefkros Economou return to the court to announce that two's trial will begin as the prosecution requested?
What does Turkey maintain?
Who do the two deny they are?
Who returned to the court to announce that their trial will begin Dec. 8 as the prosecution requested?
What do the two deny are spies?
What were also charged with the illegal possession of wireless equipment for espionage use?
What is the fishing village where the two Israelis have been arrested?
What was Udi Hargov, 27, and Igal Damary?
What will go on trial next month?
What were the two charged during a brief court hearing in?
What did Prosecutor George Papaioannou argue?
Who do the two deny by?
Who did President Ezer Weizman end the first ever official visit to the island by?
What do the two deny?
What cuffed behind their backs?
How many troops in the north does Turkey maintain?
What did Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu's office issue a statement that was interpreted by the Israeli media as a confirmation worked for Israel's Mossad?
What did Defense lawyer Antis Triantafyllides earlier say in?
How many troops in the north does it maintain?
What requested?
Who have been held in the Nisosia Central Prisons since their arrest Nov. 6?
What has repeatedly threatened to prevent Israelis held on this Mediterranean island on suspicion of espionage's deployment on the island if necessary?
What did their hands cuff behind?
What issued a statement that was interpreted by the Israeli media as a confirmation the two worked for Israel's Mossad?
What did Police find surveillance equipment and recording devices in the two men had rented?
What did Police find surveillance equipment and recording devices in the apartment?
Who wore on the day of their arrest two weeks ago?
When did they wear two weeks ago?
What has repeatedly threatened to prevent their deployment on the island if necessary?
What were the two brought to Larnaca from Nicosia in?
When have Hergov and Damary been held in the Nisosia Central Prisons since the proceedings?
What was Igal Damary?
Who bowed their heads as they were escorted into the courthouse to avoid the waiting photographers?
What has Turkey occupied since 1974?
Who have been held in the Nisosia Central Prisons since the proceedings Nov. 6?
What does the spying charge state that the two men collected?
Who was 47?
When did Judge Tefkros Economou return to the court to announce that their trial will begin as the prosecution requested?
What did this inquiry say, ``The prime minister said from''?
What was turned down?
What has Turkey occupied the northern third of since 1974?
What will LARNACA, Cyprus _ Two Israelis held on this Mediterranean island on suspicion of espionage go on next month?
What does it maintain?
When will LARNACA, Cyprus _ Two Israelis held on this Mediterranean island on suspicion of espionage go on trial?
What maintains about 30,000 troops in the north?
What has Ankara repeatedly threatened to prevent if necessary?
What wore on the day of their arrest two weeks ago?
What did President Ezer Weizman end by an Israeli head of state?
What were also conspiring with each other to commit a crime in a case that has caused tension between Cyprus and Israel?
What were brought to Larnaca from Nicosia in two separate cars?
How many men did Police find surveillance equipment and recording devices in the apartment had rented?
When did the area nearby serve as a main theater of large Greek-Greek Cypriot war games?
What did Economou later decide that the two must continue to be held by Cypriot authorities given the gravity of the charges faced?
What did Judge Tefkros Economou return to to announce that two's trial will begin Dec. 8 as the prosecution requested?
What did Economou adjourn for a second time to look into a defense request for bail?
When did the same clothes wear two weeks ago?
What did Judge Tefkros Economou return to to announce that their trial will begin Dec. 8 as the prosecution requested?
When did Economou adjourn the proceedings?
Who argued that the two faced ``serious spying charges''?
What did Prosecutor George Papaioannou argue that the two faced?
What did Judge Tefkros Economou return to the court to announce?
Who did Economou later decide that the two must continue to be held by Cypriot authorities given the gravity of the charges faced?
Who did Defense lawyer Antis Triantafyllides earlier say the Israeli Embassy in Cyprus would keep in the capital Nicosia, 40 kilometers north of Larnaca?
What did it say, ``The prime minister said that from this inquiry he could confirm against''?
What is the site of a proposed naval base?
Who do the two deny are spies?
What were they escorted into to avoid the waiting photographers?
When have Hergov and Damary been held in the Nisosia Central Prisons since their arrest?
Who were arrested in the coastal fishing village of Ziyi?
Who earlier said the Israeli Embassy in Cyprus would keep the two men inside its premises in the capital Nicosia, 40 kilometers north of Larnaca?
Where did Defense lawyer Antis Triantafyllides earlier say?
What did it say, ``The prime minister said from''?
What deny they are spies?
What did Economou later decide that the two must continue to be held by given the gravity of the charges they faced?
What did Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu's office issue a statement that was interpreted by the Israeli media as a confirmation the two worked for?
What were the two Israelis arrested in?
What begins?
What did Defense lawyer Antis Triantafyllides earlier say the Israeli Embassy in Cyprus would keep the two men inside its premises in?
What has occupied the northern third of Cyprus since 1974?
What did this inquiry say, ``The prime minister said that from this inquiry he could confirm against''?
What were formally charged Friday with spying on Cyprus for a foreign country?
What was declared in 1983 at the north?
Who were the two brought to from Nicosia in two separate cars?
What nearby served as a main theater of large Greek-Greek Cypriot war games last month?
What did two's hands cuff behind?
What were the two also charged with the illegal possession of wireless equipment for?
When was a a breakaway state declared at the north?
Where did Defense lawyer Antis Triantafyllides earlier say the Israeli Embassy in Cyprus would keep the two men inside its premises?
What did Defense lawyer Antis Triantafyllides earlier say would keep the two men inside its premises in the capital Nicosia, 40 kilometers north of Larnaca?
What did Prosecutor George Papaioannou object to?
What were the two brought to Larnaca from in two separate cars?
What have Hergov and Damary been held in since their arrest Nov. 6?
Who were escorted into the courthouse to avoid the waiting photographers?
What did Police find in the apartment the two men had rented?
Who did Police find surveillance equipment and recording devices in the apartment had rented?
Who adjourned the proceedings for a second time to look into a defense request for bail?
What does the spying charge state?
Where was a a breakaway state declared in 1983?
What was a a breakaway state declared in 1983 at?
Who objected to the bail request?
What is the fishing village where the two Israelis have been arrested the site of?
What did Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu's office issue a statement that was interpreted by the Israeli media as a confirmation for?
Whose office issued a statement that was interpreted by the Israeli media as a confirmation the two worked for Israel's Mossad?
When has Turkey occupied the northern third of Cyprus?
Who later decided that the two must continue to be held by Cypriot authorities given the gravity of the charges they faced?
What have Hergov and Damary been held in since the proceedings Nov. 6?
What did Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu's office issue the two worked for Israel's Mossad?
Who returned to the court to announce that two's trial will begin Dec. 8 as the prosecution requested?
What did Economou later decide by?
What were charged during a brief court hearing in the southern coastal town of Larnaca?
Where were the two charged during a brief court hearing?
What have Hergov and Damary been held in the Nisosia Central Prisons since Nov. 6?
What did Economou later decide that the two must continue to be held by Cypriot authorities given the gravity of the charges?
What did the area nearby serve as last month?
What were the two charged during in the southern coastal town of Larnaca?
What found surveillance equipment and recording devices in the apartment the two men had rented?
What did Economou later decide that the two must continue to be held by Cypriot authorities they faced?
What were the two also conspiring with to commit a crime in a case that has caused tension between Cyprus and Israel?
What did both men bow as they were escorted into the courthouse to avoid the waiting photographers?
What did Israel radio say ``Y'' also had offered his resignation earlier this year after?
What did Former Mossad chief Danny Yatom resign in February following a failed attempt to assassinate a leader of the radical Islamic group Hamas in?
What was the paper?
What has a defense pact with Israel?
What declined comment?
What did Israel radio say had offered his resignation earlier this year after Swiss police arrested five Mossad agents for allegedly spying in a residential area of Bern?
Who do JERUSALEM _ has reportedly resigned following the arrest of two agents in Cyprus _ the third botched spy mission in a year?
Who accepted ``Y's'' resignation said?
What did police on the island say the two were spying on?
What were the suspects caught with earlier this month?
What did an official confirm?
What said ``Y'' also had offered his resignation earlier this year after Swiss police arrested five Mossad agents for allegedly spying in a residential area of Bern?
Who resigned in February following a failed attempt to assassinate a leader of the radical Islamic group Hamas in Jordan?
What does the two say only on?
Who said ``Y'' was not involved in that operation?
What did the office of Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu decline?
What has Cyprus accused of operating with ``a specific intelligence institute whose headquarters is in Tel Aviv?''
What did police on the island say on?
Who is responsible for overseeing intelligence agencies?
What did Haaretz say in?
What did an official speak on?
Who has Cyprus accused of operating with ``a specific intelligence institute whose headquarters is in Tel Aviv?''
What has accused the suspects of operating with ``a specific intelligence institute whose headquarters is in Tel Aviv?''
What has not acknowledged publicly that the two are Mossad agents?
Who spoke on condition of anonymity?
What does Turkey have?
What do JERUSALEM _ A senior official in Israel's Mossad intelligence agency has reportedly resigned following?
When did Former Mossad chief Danny Yatom resign following a failed attempt to assassinate a leader of the radical Islamic group Hamas in Jordan?
What has accused them of operating with ``a specific intelligence institute whose headquarters is in Tel Aviv?''
When were the suspects caught with tapes of police conversations and surveillance devices near an army base on the Mediterranean island?
Where did Former Mossad chief Danny Yatom resign in February following a failed attempt to assassinate a leader of the radical Islamic group Hamas?
What said the two were spying on behalf of Turkey?
What did Former Mossad chief Danny Yatom resign in February in Jordan?
What do JERUSALEM _?
Who were caught with tapes of police conversations and surveillance devices near an army base on the Mediterranean island earlier this month?
Who confirmed the report?
What was Y's resignation?
What did Israel radio say ``Y'' also had offered a senior official in Israel's Mossad intelligence agency's resignation earlier this year after?
What says only that they did not spy on behalf of Turkey and were not trying to hurt Cypriot interests?
What do JERUSALEM _ A senior official in Israel's Mossad intelligence agency has reportedly resigned following the arrest of _ the third botched spy mission in a year?
What did police on the island say were spying on behalf of Turkey?
Who are to go on trial for gathering military information on Dec. 21?
What was the nature of the two Israelis ' mission?
Who added it is a local accident which we regret very much?
What did NICOSIA, Cyprus _ Former Israeli Prime Minister Shimon Peres add?''
What do I think?
Who said, ``I am for a Palestinian state for the alternative to a Palestinian state is a poor one''?
Who said his visit had helped dispel bad feelings between Cyprus and Israel following last month's arrest on the island of two Israelis on suspicion of spying?
What did Peres say his visit had helped dispel on suspicion of spying?
Who said Wednesday he supports the establishment of a Palestinian state but urged that no step be taken unilaterally?
What did Peres say he had?
Who thinks all the problems were clarified?
What did he add it is?
What are the two Israelis to go on for spying?
Whose the two mission did Peres avoid revealing the nature of?
What did he add?''
Who indicated the nature of the two Israelis ' mission was linked to anti-terrorism?
When were the two Israelis arrested?
What did Peres say had helped dispel bad feelings between Cyprus and Israel following last month's arrest on the island of two Israelis on suspicion of spying?
What do NICOSIA, Cyprus _ Former Israeli Prime Minister Shimon Peres think?
Who think all the problems were clarified?
Who indicated it was linked to anti-terrorism?
What did NICOSIA, Cyprus _ Former Israeli Prime Minister Shimon Peres suggest?
What did Peres avoid revealing?
Who did Peres say had ``very, very friendly talks'' with President Glafcos Clerides?
What did he add is a local accident which we regret very much?
What do NICOSIA, Cyprus _ Former Israeli Prime Minister Shimon Peres think were clarified?
What did Peres say his visit had helped dispel bad feelings between Cyprus and Israel following last month's arrest on the island of two Israelis on?
What are the two Israelis to go on for gathering military information on Dec. 21?
What was not bad intentions or any attempt to spy on Cyprus or against Cyprus?
What was it?
What did Peres indicate it was linked to?
What did Peres indicate to?
What is a poor one?
What did Peres avoid revealing the nature of?
Who said he had ``very, very friendly talks'' with President Glafcos Clerides?
Who added that the mission of the two Israelis who have been described as Mossad agents ``was basically a mistake?''
Who avoided revealing the nature of the two Israelis ' mission?
What did Peres indicate was linked to anti-terrorism?
Who were arrested on Nov. 6?
What did Peres say on?
What did NICOSIA, Cyprus _ Former Israeli Prime Minister Shimon Peres say Wednesday?
Who are to go on trial for spying?
What did Peres say?
What did Peres indicate the nature of the two Israelis ' mission was linked to?
What is a Palestinian state for the alternative to a Palestinian state?
Who suggested that such a move should be negotiated?
What do I think were clarified?
What is nonsense?
When did NICOSIA, Cyprus _ Former Israeli Prime Minister Shimon Peres say he supports the establishment of a Palestinian state but urged that no step be taken unilaterally?
Who did NICOSIA, Cyprus _ Former Israeli Prime Minister Shimon Peres say Wednesday supports the establishment of a Palestinian state but urged that no step be taken unilaterally?
What did he suggest?
What has military cooperation with Turkey Israel's growing become a source of to Cyprus?
What did the prosecution drop charges of conspiracy and espionage in?
Whose Israeli counterpart was Elyakim Rubinstein?
What does the case have?
Where has military cooperation with Turkey Israel's growing become a source of serious concern?
What has Israel's growing become a source of serious concern to Cyprus?
What has Turkey maintained troops in since 1974?
When has Turkey maintained troops in northern Cyprus?
What has strained relations with Israel?
Where has Turkey maintained troops since 1974?
What dropped charges of conspiracy and espionage in an apparent plea bargain deal?
What did the prosecution drop in an apparent plea bargain deal?
What did newspapers report that the Israelis had made to a number in Tel Aviv that was believed to be Israel's Mossad spy agency?
When did they also receive concurrent jail terms for possessing wireless scanning equipment without a license?
What has maintained troops in northern Cyprus since 1974?
What was Elyakim Rubinstein?
What did newspapers report that the Israelis had made calls to?
What is the village near?
What has Turkey maintained in northern Cyprus since 1974?
What said no evidence was produced to back up the claim?
What did newspapers report to?
What has military cooperation with Turkey Israel's growing become to Cyprus?
What did they also receive for possessing wireless scanning equipment without a license?
What are more than one-third of which is occupied by Turkish troops?
What are strained relations with Israel?
What did the prosecution drop charges of in an apparent plea bargain deal?
What had claimed that the Israelis were here in connection with an Israeli anti-terrorist operation that was not aimed at Cyprus?
What had the defense claimed in?
What was the three-year sentence allowed under Cypriot law?
What reported that the Israelis had made calls to a number in Tel Aviv that was believed to be Israel's Mossad spy agency?
What did the court say was produced to back up the claim?
Who told a news conference that Cyprus had not been pressured to drop the spying and conspiracy charges?
Who pleaded guilty to the lesser charges after the prosecution dropped charges of conspiracy and espionage in an apparent plea bargain deal?
What was half the maximum allowed under Cypriot law?
What carried maximum 10-year jail penalties?
What did Attorney-General Alecos Markides tell that Cyprus had not been pressured to drop the spying and conspiracy charges?
What did Conspiracy and espionage carry?
What is near military installations?
What had the defense claimed that the Israelis were here in?
What did Attorney-General Alecos Markides tell a news conference?
Who was arrested Nov. 6 at a fishing village on the southern coast of Cyprus?
What also received concurrent jail terms of six months for possessing wireless scanning equipment without a license?
What began Jan. 20?
Who pleaded guilty last week to approaching a prohibited military area?
Who was his Israeli counterpart?
Who acknowledged?
When did the trial begin?
Who also received concurrent jail terms of six months for possessing wireless scanning equipment without a license?
What did Udi Hargov and Igal Damary plead guilty to after the prosecution dropped charges of conspiracy and espionage in an apparent plea bargain deal?
When was the Israelis arrested at a fishing village on the southern coast of Cyprus?
Who were found to have radio scanners, a laptop computer, cellular phones and eight maps of the island?
When did Israel also receive concurrent jail terms for possessing wireless scanning equipment without a license?
What was the Israelis arrested Nov. 6 at?
What has military cooperation with Turkey become a source of serious concern to Cyprus?
When did the Israelis plead guilty to approaching a prohibited military area?
What did Israel also receive for possessing wireless scanning equipment without a license?
What has military cooperation with Turkey Israel's growing become a source of serious concern to?
What did the court say?
Who was Attorney-General Alecos Markides's Israeli counterpart?
Who does my intuition never disappoint?
Who returned?
Who was Sgt. Kyriakos Kyriacou?
What did everyone in our small village suspect?
What did everyone in two Israeli men in a small fishing village near Larnaca, Cyprus,'s small village suspect?
Who abuts a military camp?
When did Israel's president travel to Nicosia to smooth tensions with Cyprus?
Where is the government wary of the growing closeness between Israel and Turkey?
Who did Cristoldo turn in?
What did the Turkish prime minister visit in early September?
What did the arrest of two Israeli men in a small fishing village near Larnaca spotlight increased regional tensions about the growing security cooperation between Israel and Turkey on?
Who did Cristoldo tell, ``Something in my heart told me these were spies who had come to hurt my country''?
What is Gad Shomron?
Who said he had not expressed himself well?
Who did euriviades say would probably charge the two with espionage within the week?
What is the government at Cyprus?
What did the Mossad director resign over last fall?
What do the Cypriots fear in?
Who said the previous visit had coincided with a Greek-Cypriot military exercise off the coast?
Who was the Cypriot ambassador to Israel?
What do we have back home?
What suspected them?
Who later retracted this description?
When did spying remain unclear whom _ if anyone _ the two Israelis represented?
Whose activities did Cypriot officials say?
Who was Ezer Weizman?
What have the Turks vowed to block the imminent delivery of?
What spotlighted increased regional tensions about the growing security cooperation between Israel and Turkey on a more serious level?
What had the proprietor of a local taverna been?
Who did he say he had not expressed well?
Who resigned over a bungled attempt to assassinate a Hamas official in Jordan last fall?
What has been known to use Cyprus for training missions?
What did euriviades say with?
What did Gad Shomron conjecture that the two Israelis were on?
Who visited Israel in early September?
What was Switzerland?
Who said, ``Naturally we are not happy that holders of Israeli passports were involved in something like this''?
What did we have the assurances of President Weizman last week that no harm could come to us from?
What do it decide to provide with any intelligence or military assistance in its fight against Greek Cyprus?
What do it decide to provide Turkey with?
Who said the Cypriots would probably charge the two with espionage within the week?
Who did we have the assurances of President Weizman last week that no harm could come to from this relationship?
What used the occasion to recount all Mossad's most recent blunders?
What had the proprietor of a local taverna been alerted to notify if they returned?
What does Zygi abut?
What have been aggravated by the Greek Cypriots ' recent purchase of Russian anti-aircraft missiles?
What did Cristoldo tell the Israeli daily Maariv, ``Something in my heart told me''?
Who have due process back home?
What did euriviades say the Cypriots would probably charge with espionage within the week?
What did Cypriot officials obtain?
What is the government wary of at Cyprus?
Since my intuition never disappoints me, what did I know?
What did the Cypriot authorities say the previous visit had with?
What did Israel's president travel to just last week to smooth tensions with Cyprus?
What is not great?
What turned up?
Who conjectured that the two Israelis were on such a mission?
What did Yediot Ahronot say with?''
Who had previously visited Cyprus?
What did Cypriot officials say?
What is spying punishable by?
What returned?
Who was Israel's president?
What did Cypriot officials say they had found?
What have the Turks allowed to fly over Turkish air space?
Whose recent purchase of Russian anti-aircraft missiles have tensions been aggravated by?
Who was the local taverna?
Who have vowed to block the imminent delivery of the new surface-to-air missiles?
When has Cyprus been in a tense dispute with Turkey?
What did Cypriot officials say had found cameras, maps, two scanners and tapes of Greek conversations between police or military officials?
What have the Turks allowed Israeli military planes to fly over?
Who was Panikos Cristoldo?
What have forged a close strategic relationship through the 1990s?
What did the Israeli press Sunday use to recount all Mossad's most recent blunders?
When did the Turkish prime minister visit Israel?
Whose activities did Cypriot officials say had found cameras, maps, two scanners and tapes of Greek conversations between police or military officials?
Who fear that the Israelis have trained Turkish pilots in sophisticated interception techniques?
What has been in a tense dispute with Turkey since 1974?
Who have allowed Israeli military planes to fly over Turkish air space?
What did he later retract?
Who theorized that they were working directly for the Turks?
What did the Israeli press Sunday use the occasion to recount?
What did Israel's president travel to Nicosia just last week to smooth tensions with?
Who did?
What is innocent until proved guilty?
Who did everyone in two Israeli men in a small fishing village near Larnaca, Cyprus,'s small village suspect?
What did the Cypriot authorities say had coincided with a Greek-Cypriot military exercise off the coast?
Who did Cypriot officials say had found cameras, maps, two scanners and tapes of Greek conversations between police or military officials?
What decide to provide Turkey with any intelligence or military assistance in its fight against Greek Cyprus?
What did?
What did euriviades say the Cypriots would probably charge the two with within the week?
Who obtained a search warrant for their temporary apartment?
How many Israeli men in a small fishing village near Larnaca, Cyprus, have due process back home?
What did the arrest of two Israeli men in a small fishing village near Larnaca spotlight increased regional tensions about on a more serious level?
What have tensions been aggravated by?
Who turned two Israeli men in a small fishing village near Larnaca, Cyprus, in?
Where did Israel's president travel just last week to smooth tensions with Cyprus?
Who had visited the coastal village twice before in the previous month?
Since my intuition never disappoints me, who knew that when the police turned up, they would not go away empty-handed?
What do the Cypriots fear that the Israelis have trained Turkish pilots in?
When did the Mossad director resign over a bungled attempt to assassinate a Hamas official in Jordan?
What do a warning to Israel decide to provide Turkey with?
Who did Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu of Israel say he had not expressed well?
Who was a security expert?
What did the Israelis ' activities raise?
What is wary of the growing closeness between Israel and Turkey at Cyprus?
When had the men visited the coastal village twice before?
What do a warning to Israel decide to provide with any intelligence or military assistance in its fight against Greek Cyprus?
What never disappoints me?
What had the two Israelis previously visited?
When have Turkey and Israel forged a close strategic relationship?
How many Israeli men in a small fishing village near Larnaca, Cyprus, did Cristoldo turn in?
Who did Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu of Israel say had not expressed himself well?
Who was Euripides Euriviades?
What remained unclear Sunday whom _ if anyone _ the two Israelis represented?
Who created a political storm by saying the relationship constituted a ``new axis'' in the Middle East?
Who did we have the assurances of President Weizman last week to?
Who have provided training to the Turks?
What did he say?
What did Israel's president travel to Nicosia just last week to smooth with Cyprus?
When did euriviades say the Cypriots would probably charge the two with espionage?
What raised suspicions?
Who did two Israeli men in a small fishing village near Larnaca, Cyprus, have the assurances of President Weizman last week to?
Who have sold military equipment?
What have the Turks vowed to block?
Who turned them in?
What did Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu of Israel later retract?
Where have the Turks allowed Israeli military planes to fly?
What have Turkey and Israel forged through the 1990s?
Who was Cyprus?
Who do the Cypriots fear that the Israelis have trained in sophisticated interception techniques?
What did Cypriot officials say the Israelis ' activities had found?
How many Israeli men in a small fishing village near Larnaca, Cyprus, did?
Who traveled to Nicosia just last week to smooth tensions with Cyprus?
What did Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu of Israel create by saying the relationship constituted a ``new axis'' in the Middle East?
Who is a former Mossad agent?
Who did he say had not expressed himself well?
What did it remain unclear Sunday?
What did Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu of Israel create a political storm by saying?
What do two Israeli men in a small fishing village near Larnaca, Cyprus, have back home?
Who told the Israeli daily Maariv, ``Something in my heart told me these were spies who had come to hurt my country''?
What has Cyprus been in since 1974?
What had the men visited twice before in the previous month?
Who said they had found cameras, maps, two scanners and tapes of Greek conversations between police or military officials?
Who did everyone in our small village suspect?
What was Larnaca?
Who did some intelligence experts theorize that they were working directly for?
Who said the Israelis ' activities had found cameras, maps, two scanners and tapes of Greek conversations between police or military officials?
What did Cristoldo turn in?
Who is the coastal village?
What did spying remain unclear Sunday?
What did the Cypriot authorities say the previous visit had coincided with off the coast?
What is the government wary of the growing closeness between Israel and Turkey at?
Who was Ron Ben Yishai?
What did Gad Shomron conjecture on?
Who had been alerted to notify the authorities if they returned?
What have the Israelis sold?
Who was the police lawyer for the Larnaca district?
What was Bern?
Who was Yediot Ahronot?
What is punishable by a maximum sentence of 10 years?
Who had the assurances of President Weizman last week that no harm could come to us from this relationship?
What did Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu of Israel say?
When did it remain unclear whom _ if anyone _ the two Israelis represented?
Who did some intelligence experts theorize for?
What did the Cypriot authorities say the previous visit had coincided with a Greek-Cypriot military exercise off?
What is Zygi?
What do close military ties want to see?
Who would like to see a solution to the Cyprus problem?
What was September 15-- Israel Tuesday?
Who did NICOSIA urge to promote the peace process with Israel?
What did Tzur say during?
What urged Arab diplomats to promote the peace process with Israel?
What did Kyprianou say does not oppose alliances between countries in the region?
What did he say their worries have?
What want to see stability?
What did Israeli Ambassador to Nicosia Shemi Tzur speak after?
What did Tzur comment on?
Who spoke after his meeting Tuesday with Cyprus ' House of Representatives President Spyros Kyprianou?
What does the issue of the military cooperation between Israel and Turkey create?
Who said his country wants stability in the Eastern Mediterranean?
What did he urge Arab diplomats to help ``promote?''
What did Tzur make just one day after Arab ambassadors accredited to Cyprus expressed concern about Israeli-Turkish military alliance following their meeting with Kyprianou?
What have enjoyed close military ties since 1996 when they signed a military cooperation agreement?
What did arab ambassadors accredited to Cyprus express concern about Israeli-Turkish military alliance following?
When was NICOSIA?
What did NICOSIA assure Cyprus?
What did Kyprianou say during on his part?
What does the issue of the military cooperation between Israel and Turkey create an atmosphere of to both Cyprus and Greece and to other countries in the region?
What did Israeli Ambassador to Nicosia Shemi Tzur say wants stability in the Eastern Mediterranean?
What creates an atmosphere of concern to both Cyprus and Greece and to other countries in the region?
What did NICOSIA assure Cyprus that its military alliance with Turkey will not harm?
What does it create?
Who commented on statements made Monday by Arab ambassadors to Cyprus that they are worried over the Turkish-Israeli military alliance?
What did he say?
What did NICOSIA assure that its military alliance with Turkey will not harm Cyprus?
What did Tzur comment on statements made Monday by Arab ambassadors to Cyprus over?
Who said that ``Arab countries should be more worried how to proceed with the peace process with Israel and to leave this sort of things aside?''
What did Israeli Ambassador to Nicosia Shemi Tzur say?
Who stressed that these should not affect issues which seriously concern Cyprus?
What did Kyprianou say?
What do we want to see?
When have Turkey and Israel enjoyed close military ties when they signed a military cooperation agreement?
What did Kyprianou stress that these should not affect?
Who made the remarks just one day after Arab ambassadors accredited to Cyprus expressed concern about Israeli-Turkish military alliance following their meeting with Kyprianou?
What would Israeli Ambassador to Nicosia Shemi Tzur like to see?
What have Turkey and Israel enjoyed since 1996 when they signed a military cooperation agreement?
Who urged Arab diplomats to help ``promote peace process with Israel?''
Whose discussions with the Israeli ambassador did Kyprianou say during on his part?
What did Israeli Ambassador to Nicosia Shemi Tzur say his country wants?
What did Nicosia Shemi Tzur urge Arab diplomats to help ``promote?''
Who did Nicosia Shemi Tzur urge to help ``promote peace process with Israel?''
What does it create an atmosphere of to both Cyprus and Greece and to other countries in the region?
What did Tzur say that during his meeting with Kyprianou, the Cypriot House president received to harm Cyprus?
Who want to see stability?
What did Tzur say that during, the Cypriot House president received again the assurances that Israel's cooperation with Turkey has nothing in it to harm Cyprus?
What did arab ambassadors accredited to Cyprus express following their meeting with Kyprianou?
Who expressed concern about Israeli-Turkish military alliance following their meeting with Kyprianou?
What did Kyprianou stress?
What did he say have nothing to do with Cyprus?
Who did he urge to help ``promote peace process with Israel?''
What did Kyprianou say Cyprus does not oppose?
Who said their worries have nothing to do with Cyprus?
What assured Cyprus that its military alliance with Turkey will not harm Cyprus?
What have been enhanced since the opening of its embassy in Tel Aviv five years ago and through the exchange of visits by high-ranking officials?
Who have Cyprus ' relations with Israel been enhanced since the opening of its embassy in Tel Aviv five years ago and through the exchange of visits by?
What did NICOSIA urge Arab diplomats to promote?
Who said Cyprus does not oppose alliances between countries in the region?
What have Cyprus ' relations with Israel been enhanced since by high-ranking officials?
What did arab ambassadors accredited to Cyprus express concern about following their meeting with Kyprianou?
What issued a brief statement Sunday?
What is Uzi Landu Chairman of?
What was the word Mossad?
What was Israel's intelligence organization?
What did the Cypriot Justice Ministry say for?
What said?
What has JERUSALEM said Israel wants to clarify?
Who said that ``every Israeli citizen is important to Israel''?
Who spoke to Israeli TV Channel 2 Sunday night?
Who has JERUSALEM said wants to clarify the issue about the two Israelis arrested in Cyprus on charge of spying?
What want the affair to end quietly?
What do the two sides want to end quietly?
What has JERUSALEM said?
Who has JERUSALEM said Israel wants to clarify the issue about arrested in Cyprus on charge of spying?
Who want the affair to end quietly?
How many men did the Cypriot Justice Ministry say were not working for Israel?
What said the two men were not working for Israel?
What has Cyprus expressed?
What is November 9-- Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu?
Who is Chairman of Knesset Foreign Affairs and Defense Committee?
When did Netanyahu speak to Israeli TV Channel 2?
Who did the Cypriot Justice Ministry say were not working for Israel?
What added that the two are being held separately?
What will clarify this?
What did the Cypriot Justice Ministry not mention?
What is not the first time this year that Israel has been embarrassed by a ``security mishap'' in Cyprus?
What did the Cypriot Justice Ministry say the two men were not working for?
Who has also said that Knesset Foreign Affairs and Defense Committee should be brought back immediately?
Who has also said that they should be brought back immediately?
Who will clarify this?
When were two Israeli planes caught flying over a planned missile base in the northwest of the Island?
How many Israeli planes were caught flying over a planned missile base in the northwest of the Island in April?
What did Netanyahu speak to Sunday night?
What are diplomatic activities widely said to be?
What do they want to end quietly?
Who was 49?
What will we clarify?
What did it not mention?
What has said Israel wants to clarify the issue about the two Israelis arrested in Cyprus on charge of spying?
Who is Uzi Landu?
What are widely said to be underway between the two sides?
Who have declined to comment till now?
What did reports from Cyprus add?
When is JERUSALEM?
What has expressed concern over the military alliance between Turkey and Israel?
What will bring them home of course?
What will Israel bring them home of?
What is this not?
What has Uzi Landu also said?
Who said that ``every Israeli citizen is important to us''?
What will Israel clarify?
What was Suspects Udi Hargov, 37, and Igal Damary?
What is also keen on maintaining good relations with Israel?
What did not mention the word ``Mossad''?
How many sides want the affair to end quietly?
What were caught flying over a planned missile base in the northwest of the Island in April?
Who will bring them home of course?
What will we bring them home of?
What did Larnaca District Court issue to the two suspects on November 7 for eight-day pending investigations?
What quoted well-informed sources as saying Netanyahu made the admission during his meeting with Cypriot Ambassador to Israel Euripedes Evriviades on Wednesday?
When were they remanded?
Who was Moshe Fogel?
What did CNA quote as saying Netanyahu made the admission during his meeting with Cypriot Ambassador to Israel Euripedes Evriviades on Wednesday?
When will the two Israelis appear again before the court Friday morning after they were?
When were the two Israelis arrested in Cyprus on suspicion of espionage against Cyprus?
What were they allegedly operating in at a time of increased military activities in the vicinity?
What did Cyprus News Agency report Thursday has admitted that the two Israelis arrested in Cyprus on suspicion of espionage against Cyprus are Mossad agents?
What issued a remand order to the two suspects on November 7 for eight-day pending investigations?
Who said that the two were not acting against Cyprus or on behalf of Turkey?
What found hi-tech equipment tuned into the police radio frequency?
What reported Thursday NICOSIA has admitted that the two Israelis arrested in Cyprus on suspicion of espionage against Cyprus are Mossad agents?
Who were arrested here on November 7 after police raided their apartment and found hi-tech equipment tuned into the police radio frequency?
What did Larnaca District Court issue a remand order to the two suspects on November 7 for?
When also quoted Moshe Fogel as saying that ``the prime minister said he would try to resolve the problem?''
What were allegedly operating in a sensitive military area at a time of increased military activities in the vicinity?
What did CNA quote well-informed sources as saying Netanyahu made the admission during on Wednesday?
Where were the two Israelis arrested in Cyprus on suspicion of espionage against Cyprus allegedly operating at a time of increased military activities in the vicinity?
Who was the two Israelis?
Who did Larnaca District Court issue a remand order to for eight-day pending investigations?
Whose statement that he would bring back the two Israelis did local media slam?
When were they allegedly operating in a sensitive military area?
Where did Netanyahu also say?
What did police find?
When were the two Israelis arrested here after police raided their apartment and found hi-tech equipment tuned into the police radio frequency?
Whose statement that Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu would bring back the two Israelis did local media slam?
Who will appear again before the court Friday morning after they were remanded for another five days?
What did local media slam?
What did Cyprus News Agency report Thursday NICOSIA has admitted?
When were the two Israelis arrested in Cyprus on suspicion of espionage against Cyprus allegedly operating in a sensitive military area?
When were the two Israelis arrested in Cyprus on suspicion of espionage against Cyprus remanded?
Who was Udi Hargov and Igal Damary?
When did Cyprus News Agency report NICOSIA has admitted that the two Israelis arrested in Cyprus on suspicion of espionage against Cyprus are Mossad agents?
Who also said he was sorry that his words to the press last week were misunderstood in Cyprus?
Who refused to comment any further on the matter?
What were the two Israelis arrested in Cyprus on suspicion of espionage against Cyprus allegedly operating in at a time of increased military activities in the vicinity?
What did police raid?
What did Cyprus News Agency report Thursday NICOSIA has admitted that the two Israelis arrested in Cyprus on suspicion of espionage against Cyprus are?
What slammed Netanyahu's statement that he would bring back the two Israelis?
What did CNA Thursday also quote Moshe Fogel as saying that ``the prime minister said?''
When was NICOSIA?
When will the two Israelis appear again before the court after they were remanded for another five days?
What did CNA quote well-informed sources as saying Netanyahu made during his meeting with Cypriot Ambassador to Israel Euripedes Evriviades on Wednesday?
Who did Netanyahu also say was sorry that his words to the press last week were misunderstood in Cyprus?
Where were they allegedly operating at a time of increased military activities in the vicinity?
What did Netanyahu say against?
What did the director refuse to comment any further on?
What will the two Israelis appear again before Friday morning after they were remanded for another five days?
What was November 19-- Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu?
When did CNA quote well-informed sources as saying Netanyahu made the admission during his meeting with Cypriot Ambassador to Israel Euripedes Evriviades?
Who were remanded for another five days?
Who were allegedly operating in a sensitive military area at a time of increased military activities in the vicinity?
When were they?
What slammed Netanyahu's statement that Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu would bring back the two Israelis?
What did Netanyahu also say in?
What were remanded for another five days?
Who did CNA quote well-informed sources as saying made the admission during his meeting with Cypriot Ambassador to Israel Euripedes Evriviades on Wednesday?
What raided their apartment?
Who did CNA Thursday also quote as saying that ``the prime minister said he would try to resolve the problem?''
Who was director of the Israeli government press office?
What quoted well-informed sources as saying Netanyahu made the admission during his meeting with Cypriot Ambassador to Israel Euripedes Evriviades on Wednesday?
What did he hope?
What did JERUSALEM-- Israeli cabinet give in?
What will turn over 7 percent of the West Bank now under joint control to exclusive Palestinian control?
What did CNA quote as saying Netanyahu made the admission during his meeting with Cypriot Ambassador to Israel Euripedes Evriviades on Wednesday?
What gave its final go-ahead Thursday to the long-delayed troop withdrawal from the West Bank agreed upon in the recent land-for-peace deal with the Palestinians?
Who cautioned that ``no strings would be attached to'' the troop withdrawal ``would be followed through in all good faith?''
How many motions were accepted with 311 votes against 213 in the parliament?
What did the minister say he felt that he was reaching the end of his period in?
What paved the way for Israeli troops to begin withdrawing from 2 percent of the West Bank in the first of the three phases of further redeployment?
What came to power in June 1996?
What did the minister say he felt in?
Who hoped the troop withdrawal?
Who said that the two were not acting against Cyprus or on behalf of Turkey?
What jointly accused the minority coalition government of corruption and having relations with gangs and mafia?
Who did the three parties jointly ask to resign?
What will vote on Wednesday?
What did the approval pave the way for Israeli troops to begin withdrawing from 2 percent of the West Bank in?
Who did Egyptian Foreign Minister Amr Moussa speak to?
What did CNA quote well-informed sources as saying Netanyahu made the admission during on Wednesday?
What did israeli officials say would begin as early as Thursday night?
What were made by pro-Islamic Virtue Party, the True Path Party and the Republican People's Party?
What did JERUSALEM-- Israeli cabinet give its final go-ahead Thursday to the long-delayed troop withdrawal from the West Bank agreed upon in?
When did the minister say he felt that he was reaching the end in the government?
What did the hawkish minister call for?
When will the parliament debate the motions?
What did the three parties jointly accuse of corruption and having relations with gangs and mafia?
What did the approval pave to begin withdrawing from 2 percent of the West Bank in the first of the three phases of further redeployment?
When will the parliament vote?
What did the minister say he felt that he was reaching in the government?
What did the three parties jointly accuse the minority coalition government of?
When did israeli officials say?
What were the three motions accepted with in the parliament?
When did israeli officials say the withdrawal would begin as early as Thursday?
What did the minister say in?
What were accepted with 311 votes against 213 in the parliament?
How many motions were made by pro-Islamic Virtue Party, the True Path Party and the Republican People's Party?
What did the government come to in June 1996?
What will Israel turn over 7 percent of the West Bank now under to exclusive Palestinian control?
Who said he felt that he was reaching the end of his period in the government?
Who did the hawkish minister tell that he might resign if the cabinet approved the pullback?
What did Egyptian Foreign Minister Amr Moussa hope?
Who called for new elections and a reassessment of the current situation?
What did JERUSALEM-- Israeli cabinet give agreed upon in the recent land-for-peace deal with the Palestinians?
Who termed the Israeli decision as ``definitely positive?''
Who told Israel Radio that he might resign if the cabinet approved the pullback?
What did Moussa caution the troop withdrawal ``would be followed through in all good faith?''
What did the hawkish minister tell Israel Radio?
What were the three motions made by?
What will the parliament debate on Monday?
How many parties jointly accused the minority coalition government of corruption and having relations with gangs and mafia?
What did CNA quote well-informed sources as saying Netanyahu made during his meeting with Cypriot Ambassador to Israel Euripedes Evriviades on Wednesday?
What did Moussa caution that ``no strings would be attached to'' in?''
Who spoke to reporters?
What will Israel turn over 7 percent of the West Bank now under joint control to?
What were the three motions accepted with 311 votes against 213 in?
What will Israel turn over now under joint control to exclusive Palestinian control?
What was agreed upon in the latest land-for-peace deal with the Palestinians?
What did Netanyahu say against?
How many parties jointly asked the prime minister to resign?
When did the government come to power?
When did israeli officials say the withdrawal would begin as early night?
What will Israel turn over 7 percent of now under joint control to exclusive Palestinian control?
When did CNA quote well-informed sources as saying Netanyahu made the admission during his meeting with Cypriot Ambassador to Israel Euripedes Evriviades?
Who did the minister say felt that he was reaching the end of his period in the government?
What jointly asked the prime minister to resign?
What did he call for?
What will debate the motions on Monday?
What did Egyptian Foreign Minister Amr Moussa term as ``definitely positive?''
What was the pullback agreed upon in?
Who did CNA quote well-informed sources as saying made the admission during his meeting with Cypriot Ambassador to Israel Euripedes Evriviades on Wednesday?
Who said the withdrawal would begin as early as Thursday night?
What is February 2-- The following?
When did the Jerusalem Post say that no matter who wins the coming elections, the next Israeli government will be a unity government?
When are JERUSALEM major news items in leading Israeli newspapers?
What did Haaretz-- A spokesman for Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu say on Monday?
What did Haaretz-- A spokesman for Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu say on Monday that Israel would do?
Who also said that the unity government will be a coalition for peace and will advance the peace process?
Who was shot?
What has maintained that the two men were civil servants who were engaged in thwarting international terrorism and not in any activity detrimental to Cyprus?
What said on Monday that no matter who wins the coming elections, the next Israeli government will be a unity government?
Who was also killed when the three men tried to escape in a car and ran over her?
When is JERUSALEM?
What are major news items in leading Israeli newspapers on Tuesday?
What did the Jerusalem Post say on Monday?
What are JERUSALEM on Tuesday?
Who has Israel maintained that the two men were?
What has Israel maintained?
What did Peres also say for?
Who was killed?
What did the Jerusalem Post say on Monday that no matter who wins the coming elections, the next Israeli government will be?
What were spying charges pressed against the two Israelis dropped by the prosecution for?
Who dismissed press reports that the spying charges were dropped because of pressure?
What was February 2-- Cyprus President Glafcos Clerides on Tuesday?
What did clerides say?
Who were arrested in early November last year at the small fishing village of Zigi on the Cypriot southern coast?
When were the two Israelis arrested in early November at the small fishing village of Zigi on the Cypriot southern coast?
What were the two Israelis arrested in early November last year at?
What had pleaded guilty to charges of approaching a restricted military zone?
What did NICOSIA indicate that he is not considering?
Who had pleaded guilty to charges of approaching a restricted military zone?
What had they pleaded guilty to?
When was NICOSIA?
What were spying charges pressed against the two Israelis dropped by for lack of evidence?
What had pleaded guilty to charges of possessing banned listening equipment?
Who were found carrying radio scanners, a lat-top computer, cell phones and eight maps of the island?
What did clerides dismiss?
What were dropped by the prosecution for lack of evidence?
What indicated that he is not considering release of two Israeli agents jailed on Monday for three years?
Who did NICOSIA indicate that he is not considering release of?
What did the president also tell reporters so that Igal Damary, 49, and Udi Hargov can serve their sentence in Israel?
When were the two Israelis arrested last year at the small fishing village of Zigi on the Cypriot southern coast?
What had Israel pleaded guilty to?
What did the president also tell reporters that there is so that Igal Damary, 49, and Udi Hargov can serve their sentence in Israel?
Who had pleaded guilty to charges of possessing banned listening equipment?
Who did NICOSIA indicate that Cyprus President Glafcos Clerides on Tuesday is not considering release of?
Who was 37?
What was Igal Damary, 49, and Udi Hargov?
Who also told reporters that there is no agreement between the two countries so that Igal Damary, 49, and Udi Hargov can serve their sentence in Israel?
What indicated that Cyprus President Glafcos Clerides on Tuesday is not considering release of two Israeli agents jailed on Monday for three years?
What did NICOSIA indicate?
What did NICOSIA indicate that Cyprus President Glafcos Clerides on Tuesday is not considering?
Who had pleaded guilty to a charge of approaching the prohibited military area?
What was carried out by Cypriot President Glafcos Clerides at the recommendation of the Cypriot general prosecutor?
What has Israel admitted the two were from its Mossad intelligence agency?
When expressed his appreciation on Cyprus for its pardoning of two Israelis who had been given jail terms on spy charges?
Who was the act carried out by at the recommendation of the Cypriot general prosecutor?
What also called a statement issued by Barak's office a friendly gesture to Israeli Barak assuming office last month?
When was JERUSALEM?
What did Thursday express for its pardoning of two Israelis who had been given jail terms on spy charges?
What were two Israelis who had been given jail terms on spy charges also given for possessing wireless scanning equipment without a license?
Who were also given a concurrent jail term of six months for possessing wireless scanning equipment without a license?
What was the act carried out by Cypriot President Glafcos Clerides at?
Who did the Cypriot government also call a statement issued by Barak's office a friendly gesture to assuming office last month?
What was August 12-- Israeli Prime Minister Ehud Barak?
What did the prime minister say that the act is greatly appreciated by the Israeli public in?
What said?
What were they also given for possessing wireless scanning equipment without a license?
What had they pleaded guilty to?
What were two Israelis who had been given jail terms on spy charges's pardons approved by Clerides based on?
What has Israel admitted from?
When were they sentenced?
When were two Israelis who had been given jail terms on spy charges also given a concurrent jail term for possessing wireless scanning equipment without a license?
When were they also given a concurrent jail term for possessing wireless scanning equipment without a license?
What has Israel admitted were agents from its Mossad intelligence agency?
When were the two Israelis arrested near a military camp in southern Cyprus last November?
Who did the Cypriot government also call it a friendly gesture to assuming office last month?
Who were sentenced to three years in prison?
Who said that the act will promote the good neighborly relations between the two countries?
What were the two Israelis arrested near last November at a time when Cyprus was to deploy a battery of Russian S-300 missiles in the region?
What were based on the national interest of Cyprus?
What had two Israelis who had been given jail terms on spy charges pleaded guilty to?
What did Barak say that the act will promote?
Who said that the act is greatly appreciated by the Israeli public in a statement issued by Barak's office?
What did Barak say?
What did the prime minister say that the act is greatly appreciated by in a statement issued by Barak's office?
What were also given a concurrent jail term of six months for possessing wireless scanning equipment without a license?
What did the prime minister say by in a statement issued by Barak's office?
What were sentenced to three years in prison?
What had pleaded guilty to a charge of approaching the prohibited military area?
What also called it a friendly gesture to Israeli Barak assuming office last month?
What has admitted the two were agents from its Mossad intelligence agency?
What has Israel admitted the two were agents from?
Who were arrested near a military camp in southern Cyprus last November at a time when Cyprus was to deploy a battery of Russian S-300 missiles in the region?
When did Thursday express his appreciation on Cyprus?
What were their pardons approved by Clerides based on?
When were two Israelis who had been given jail terms on spy charges sentenced?
Who did Cyprus government say Thursday to?''
When is NICOSIA?
What has Clerides accepted from his Israeli counterpart to pay an official visit to Israel?
Who was Igar Damary, 49 and Udi Hargov?
What has Clerides accepted an invitation from?
What did Weizman pay?
What is August 13-- Cyprus President Glafcos Clerides?
Who were sentenced in February to three years in jail for approaching a restricted area?
When were the two Israelis sentenced in February for possessing banned listening devices without the permission of the Cyprus authorities?
What has NICOSIA received from Israeli President Ezer Weizman and Prime Minister Ehud Barak for freeing two Israelis jailed in Cyprus?
What did Barak also call Clerides to thank him personally for?
Who was the two Israelis?
Who were sentenced in February to three years in jail for possessing banned listening devices without the permission of the Cyprus authorities?
Who has accepted an invitation from his Israeli counterpart to pay an official visit to Israel?
When were the two Israelis sentenced in February for approaching a restricted area?
What was Igar Damary, 49 and Udi Hargov?
When were the two Israelis sentenced to three years in jail for approaching a restricted area?
Who was 37?
Who has NICOSIA received personal thanks from for freeing two Israelis jailed in Cyprus?
Who did Barak also call Clerides to thank personally for his move?
When were the two Israelis sentenced to three years in jail for possessing banned listening devices without the permission of the Cyprus authorities?
Who also called Clerides to thank him personally for his move?
Who paid an official visit to Cyprus last November?
What has received personal thanks from Israeli President Ezer Weizman and Prime Minister Ehud Barak for freeing two Israelis jailed in Cyprus?
Who did Barak also call to thank him personally for his move?
What are JERUSALEM?
Who said that Israel needs strength and confidence to make the difficult decisions for peace in a speech in northern Israel?
What did Barak say that Israel needs strength and confidence to make the difficult decisions for peace in?
When did Prime Minister Ehud Barak hint on Thursday that the defense budget of Israel may be cut?
When were Yediot Aharonot:-- Two agents of Israel's Mossad intelligence agency released by Cyprus?
Who urged Syrian President Hafez al-Assad to seize a ``historic opportunity'' to make peace with Israel?
What did he say as a center for the Jewish people is the supreme goal?
What did Cypriot President Glafcos Clerides say by?
What were Yediot Aharonot:-- Two agents of Israel's Mossad intelligence agency released by on Thursday?
Who were released by Cyprus on Thursday?
What did Prime Minister Ehud Barak say as a center for the Jewish people is the supreme goal?
Who hinted on Thursday night that the defense budget of Israel may be cut?
What did Cypriot President Glafcos Clerides say the suspension of the jail terms followed by his attorney-general and as a goodwill gesture to the new Israeli government?
Who said a secure Israel as a center for the Jewish people is the supreme goal?
What did Barak also say he believes?
What is August 13-- The following?
What did forty-two passengers on the bus suffer light injuries in?
What are major news items in leading Israeli newspapers Friday?
What did Barak also say?
Who suffered light injuries in the accident?
Who also said he believes that peace with Syria is a prerequisite for a stable Middle East?
What did Barak say that Israel needs strength and confidence to make for peace in a speech in northern Israel?
How many men had been sentenced five months ago to a three-year jail term?
Who were killed Thursday night when the car they were driving collided head-on with a bus in the northern Israel?
What did forty-two passengers on the bus suffer in the accident?
Who had been sentenced five months ago to a three-year jail term?
What had the two men been sentenced five months ago to?
What did Barak also say he believes that peace with Syria is?
What did Cypriot President Glafcos Clerides say the suspension of the jail terms followed a recommendation of clemency by his attorney-general and as a goodwill gesture to?
What did Barak say that Israel needs strength and confidence to make the difficult decisions for in a speech in northern Israel?
What did Cypriot President Glafcos Clerides say followed a recommendation of clemency by his attorney-general and as a goodwill gesture to the new Israeli government?
When did Prime Minister Ehud Barak hint night that the defense budget of Israel may be cut?
What is the supreme goal?
What did Barak say for in a speech in northern Israel?
Who did Prime Minister Ehud Barak Thursday urge to seize a ``historic opportunity'' to make peace with Israel?
Who said the suspension of the jail terms followed a recommendation of clemency by his attorney-general and as a goodwill gesture to the new Israeli government?
What did Prime Minister Ehud Barak hint on Thursday night?
What did Prime Minister Ehud Barak Thursday urge Syrian President Hafez al-Assad to seize?
When is JERUSALEM?
Who did Barak also say believes that peace with Syria is a prerequisite for a stable Middle East?
What is a center for the Jewish people?
What did Barak say that Israel needs to make the difficult decisions for peace in a speech in northern Israel?
When were ma'ariv:-- Six people killed when the car they were driving collided head-on with a bus in the northern Israel?
When were two alleged Israeli Mossad agents sentenced to three years in prison for trespassing on a prohibited military area in February?
What will Clerides hold talks with Weizman, Prime Minister Ehud Barak and Foreign Minister David Levy during?
Whose departure from Nicosia do Cyprus arrest two alleged Israeli Mossad agents after during his first visit to the island country in 1998?
What do Cyprus arrest less than 48 hours after Weizman's departure from Nicosia during his first visit to the island country in 1998?
What do Cyprus arrest less than 48 hours after Weizman's departure from Nicosia during Cyprus President Glafcos Clerides's first visit to the island country in 1998?
Who is the coming visit?
When were they sentenced to three years in prison for trespassing on a prohibited military area in February?
What was March 24-- Cyprus President Glafcos Clerides?
What were two alleged Israeli Mossad agents caught spying on?
What will Clerides hold during his stay?
What will clerides also visit for talks with Palestinian leader Yasser Arafat?
Who will hold talks with Weizman, Prime Minister Ehud Barak and Foreign Minister David Levy during a four-day state visit to Israel's stay?
What is the first ever to Israel by a Cyprus head of state?
What was Larnaca?
What did Political observers here believe that the visit is?
What did Political observers here believe?
What is a return visit to Israeli President Ezer Weizman's trip to Cyprus in November 1998?
Who will hold talks with Weizman, Prime Minister Ehud Barak and Foreign Minister David Levy during his stay?
What arrested two alleged Israeli Mossad agents less than 48 hours after Weizman's departure from Nicosia during his first visit to the island country in 1998?
Who will also visit the West Bank city of Ramallah for talks with Palestinian leader Yasser Arafat?
How many alleged Israeli Mossad agents were sentenced to three years in prison for trespassing on a prohibited military area in February last year?
Who were they sentenced to three years in prison for last year?
What is the coming visit in November 1998?
When is the coming visit a return visit to Israeli President Ezer Weizman's trip to Cyprus?
What will clerides also visit the West Bank city of Ramallah for?
Who here believed that the visit is a bridge- building act aimed to cement the Israeli-Cyprus ties shaken by an espionage scandal?
What said Friday?
Whose departure from Nicosia do Cyprus arrest two alleged Israeli Mossad agents after during Cyprus President Glafcos Clerides's first visit to the island country in 1998?
When were two alleged Israeli Mossad agents sentenced for trespassing on a prohibited military area in February last year?
What do Cyprus arrest two alleged Israeli Mossad agents less than 48 hours after Weizman's departure from Nicosia during?
When was NICOSIA?
When do Cyprus arrest two alleged Israeli Mossad agents during his first visit to the island country in 1998?
What were released six months later?
Whose first visit to the island country in 1998 do Cyprus arrest two alleged Israeli Mossad agents less than 48 hours after Weizman's departure from Nicosia during?
What will clerides also visit the West Bank city of for talks with Palestinian leader Yasser Arafat?
What were sentenced to three years in prison for trespassing on a prohibited military area in February last year?
When did local reports say?
How many alleged Israeli Mossad agents were caught spying on a secret military shipment near Larnaca?
How many alleged Israeli Mossad agents do Cyprus arrest less than 48 hours after Weizman's departure from Nicosia during his first visit to the island country in 1998?
When were they sentenced for trespassing on a prohibited military area in February last year?
What were caught spying on a secret military shipment near Larnaca?
Who were sentenced to three years in prison for trespassing on a prohibited military area in February last year?
Who were two alleged Israeli Mossad agents sentenced to three years in prison for last year?
Who was Cyprus ' southern coast?
Who is the coming visit the first ever to Israel by a Cyprus head of?
What will Clerides hold during a four-day state visit to Israel's stay?
Who were caught spying on a secret military shipment near Larnaca?
What were they caught spying on?
When do Cyprus arrest two alleged Israeli Mossad agents during Cyprus President Glafcos Clerides's first visit to the island country in 1998?
