What won the right to tie its Internet software to its popular computer operating system?
What won a court appeal Tuesday today in part of the U. S. government l winning the right to tie its Internet software to its popular computer operating system?
Who won the right to tie monopoly case against the computer giant's Internet software to its popular computer operating system?
Who did the U. S. Court of Appeals agree to?
What did monopoly case against the computer giant win?
Who won the right to tie its Internet software to its popular computer operating system?
What agreed that a lower court's injunction against Microsoft was improper, and sent the matter back to the federal trial judge overseeing the antitrust case?
What did WASHINGTON _ Microsoft win?
Who wrote in 1992, ``Right now we are Microsoft's biggest endorser''?
Who says key Microsoft lawyers will need time to prepare for the Caldera trial once the federal antitrust case concludes?
When did Novell Inc. halt the program's development?
What did Novell Inc. halt in 1994?
What do New Microsoft filings allege internal memos show DR-DOS's own developers knew?
What is a small firm based in Orem?
What do New Microsoft filings allege internal memos show DR-DOS's own developers knew had a flawed product and poor technical support for frustrated consumers?
What did he say, ``We feel''?
What does Caldera contend?
What did Caldera attorney Stephen J. Hill ask Benson to go forward with the trial in June, or postpone it only until August in?
When has SALT LAKE CITY-- The trial of Caldera Inc.'s antitrust lawsuit against Microsoft Corp. been postponed from June?
When did Caldera acquire DR-DOS?
Who contends Microsoft deliberately destroyed the public's demand for DR-DOS?
When noted?
Who is a program that enables computers to perform basic functions?
What does Caldera President Bryan spark said will be filed next month?
Who Sparks said Caldera's response to Microsoft's arguments will be filed next month?
What do New Microsoft filings allege internal memos show?
Whose own developers do New Microsoft filings allege internal memos show knew they had a flawed product and poor technical support for frustrated consumers?
Who does Caldera contend deliberately destroyed the public's demand for DR-DOS?
Whose own developers do New Microsoft filings allege internal memos show?
Who did Caldera attorney Stephen J. Hill ask to go forward with the trial in June, or postpone it only until August in court?
Who did Hill say for Caldera to sue is ``a David vs. Goliath situation''?
What does Microsoft attorney James Jardine say key Microsoft lawyers will need time to prepare for once the federal antitrust case concludes?
What did Caldera acquire in 1996?
When was May?
What do they provide?
When does Microsoft attorney James Jardine say key Microsoft lawyers will need to prepare for the Caldera trial once the federal antitrust case concludes?
What did one of Caldera's expert witnesses calculate the company's damages at?
Whose response to Microsoft's arguments does Caldera President Bryan spark said will be filed next month?
What did Caldera President Bryan say, ``DR-DOS's own developers feel''?
When has SALT LAKE CITY-- The trial of Caldera Inc.'s antitrust lawsuit against Microsoft Corp. been postponed until next January?
What provide support?
Who was later purchased by Novell Inc.?
What was created by Digital Research Inc.?
When was only weeks?
Who do New Microsoft filings allege internal memos show knew they had a flawed product and poor technical support for frustrated consumers?
What did Hill say for Caldera to sue Microsoft is ?
Who said?
Who noted?
What did one of Caldera's expert witnesses calculate at $1. 6 billion?
Who does Microsoft attorney James Jardine say will need time to prepare for the Caldera trial once the federal antitrust case concludes?
What is Caldera?
What said for Caldera to sue Microsoft is ``a David vs. Goliath situation''?
What is DR-DOS?
Who was DR-DOS later purchased by?
What are aimed at sharply limiting Caldera's claims at trial?
Who asked Benson to go forward with the trial in June, or postpone it only until August in court?
What do New Microsoft filings allege show DR-DOS's own developers knew they had a flawed product and poor technical support for frustrated consumers?
Who provide support?
What does Caldera President Bryan spark said?
Who halted the program's development in 1994?
When did a DR-DOS adviser write, ``Right now DR-DOS's own developers are Microsoft's biggest endorser''?
When did a DR-DOS adviser write, ``Right now we are Microsoft's biggest endorser''?
Who competed with Microsoft's MS-DOS?
Who calculated the company's damages at $1. 6 billion?
Who said, ``DR-DOS's own developers feel we have evidence to refute every one of them''?
Who wrote in 1992, ``Right now DR-DOS's own developers are Microsoft's biggest endorser''?
When does Caldera President Bryan spark said Caldera's response to Microsoft's arguments will be filed?
Whose own developers do New Microsoft filings allege?
Whose response to Microsoft's arguments does Caldera President Bryan spark said?
What concludes?
What do New Microsoft filings allege internal memos show DR-DOS's own developers knew they had?
What was DR-DOS created by?
Who do New Microsoft filings allege internal memos show DR-DOS's own developers knew had a flawed product and poor technical support for frustrated consumers?
Who acquired DR-DOS in 1996?
What has been postponed from June until next January?
What did Hill say for Microsoft is ``a David vs. Goliath situation''?
Whose MS-DOS did DR-DOS compete with?
What allege internal memos show DR-DOS's own developers knew they had a flawed product and poor technical support for frustrated consumers?
What did DR-DOS compete with?
What does Microsoft attorney James Jardine say for?
What does Caldera contend Microsoft deliberately destroyed?
What do New Microsoft filings allege?
Who said, ``We feel we have evidence to refute every one of them''?
What did Microsoft blame its increases in administrative expenses partly on in financial papers?
What did Microsoft blame the current case's increases in administrative expenses partly on in financial papers?
Who was Joe Sims?
Who has not disclosed its own legal fees?
What has?
What was lead lawyer David Boies hired from?
What did last year ask Jackson to force Microsoft to reimburse?
What is also involved in high-profile litigation against Sun Microsystems Inc. in California and against Caldera Inc. in Utah?
What did the department say Wednesday in its first public accounting have cost $13. 3 million over the past decade?
What do Staples Inc. and Office Depot Inc. succeed on?
Who is described as among the most significant business lawsuits in decades?
What came in response to a written demand from Sen. Slade Gorton from Microsoft's home state of Washington?
What do you 're defending?
What acknowledged it has paid outside experts for advice on how to punish Microsoft if the company lost the case, but refused to identify them or their pay?
What typically does not request attorneys ' fees?
Who spent $20 million over 10 months unsuccessfully fighting antitrust enforcers to allow its merger in 1997?
Who blamed its increases in administrative expenses partly on ``higher legal fees'' in financial papers?
Who said ``That's really rather modest for a case that has been as hard fought as this one has they 've put on''?
What is Microsoft?
Whose merger with Intuit Inc. did the government oppose early in the 1990s?
When were ``general and administrative expenses,'' including lawyers ' fees ended?
Who have denied requests for such information?
Who did the agency acknowledge outside?
What opposed Microsoft's merger with Intuit Inc. early in the 1990s?
When did the government oppose Microsoft's merger with Intuit Inc.?
Who was Kevin Arquit?
What has Microsoft not disclosed?
What did the government disclosures come in from Microsoft's home state of Washington?
Who agreed: ``If you 're defending the antitrust equivalent of a capital murder case, you 're not likely to be pinching pennies?''
What was initially agreed to half his $250 hourly rate?
What's up 59 percent from last year's $433 million?
What did the department also reveal on?
What did Tyler Baker say ``That's really rather modest for a case that has been as hard fought as this one has''?
Who succeed on the merits?
What can costs easily run $750,000 at?
Who 'res defending the antitrust equivalent of a capital murder case?
What is the company also involved in against Sun Microsystems Inc. in California and against Caldera Inc. in Utah?
What did Microsoft blame its increases in administrative expenses partly on ``higher legal fees'' in?
What did the government negotiate a consent decree with the software giant in?
What easily can run $750,000 at other major antitrust cases?
What declined comment Wednesday?
Who is the world's largest software company with $19. 7 billion in sales this year?
What also revealed it has spent $194,140 for public relations on its Internet site?
Who declined comment Wednesday?
What succeed on the merits?
When did Justice open the current case?
What showed ``general and administrative expenses,'' including lawyers ' fees?
Who did Tyler Baker say ``That's really rather modest for a case that has been as hard fought as this one has 've put on''?
What did the company's financial records show?
Whose fees does the agency typically not request?
What were higher legal fees?
What are significantly lower?
What do you 're defending the antitrust equivalent of?
What does the agency typically not request?
When could come this month?
What did Microsoft blame the current case's increases in administrative expenses partly on ``higher legal fees'' in?
What did the department also reveal has spent $194,140 for public relations on its Internet site?
Who was a Washington antitrust lawyer and former senior Justice official?
What can costs easily run at other major antitrust cases?
Who was a Republican?
Who was a New York antitrust lawyer?
When did Staples Inc. and Office Depot Inc. spend $20 million unsuccessfully fighting antitrust enforcers to allow its merger in 1997?
When was private practice initially agreed?
Who did Staples Inc. and Office Depot Inc. spend $20 million over 10 months unsuccessfully fighting to allow its merger in 1997?
What did the government disclosures come in response to a written demand from Sen. Slade Gorton from?
When could the first phase of a two-part verdict come?
What did lead lawyer David Boies then agree to?
What did the government negotiate with the software giant in a related antitrust lawsuit in 1995?
What did the government negotiate a consent decree with in a related antitrust lawsuit in 1995?
What did Staples Inc. and Office Depot Inc. spend over 10 months unsuccessfully fighting antitrust enforcers to allow its merger in 1997?
Who was Sen. Slade Gorton?
Who blamed the current case's increases in administrative expenses partly on ``higher legal fees'' in financial papers?
What were lawyers ' fees of?
Who then agreed to a $104,000 salary?
What did the government oppose early in the 1990s?
When asked Jackson to force Microsoft to reimburse its legal costs?
Who is Microsoft using both in-house lawyers and attorneys from in the federal antitrust case?
Whose home state of Washington did the government disclosures come in response to a written demand from Sen. Slade Gorton from?
Who described the $7 million as paltry compared with the expense of other major antitrust cases each month?
What did Tyler Baker say ``That's really rather modest for they 've put on''?
What did it include?
What were ended June 30?
What is Microsoft using both in-house lawyers and attorneys from New York-based Sullivan & Cromwell in?
What did Tyler Baker say ``for''?
Who did last year ask to force Microsoft to reimburse its legal costs?
Who was hired from private practice?
What negotiated a consent decree with the software giant in a related antitrust lawsuit in 1995?
What did Staples Inc. and Office Depot Inc. spend $20 million over 10 months unsuccessfully fighting antitrust enforcers to allow in 1997?
Who did last year ask Jackson to force to reimburse its legal costs?
What included the pay among $2. 2 million spent in the current trial on such experts?
What did Tyler Baker say ``That's really rather modest for a case that has been as hard fought as this one has 've put on''?
What does that's up 59 percent from?
Who opened the current case in June 1995?
When did Staples Inc. and Office Depot Inc. spend $20 million over 10 months unsuccessfully fighting antitrust enforcers to allow its merger?
What did the department also reveal it has spent on its Internet site?
Who is Microsoft using from New York-based Sullivan & Cromwell in the federal antitrust case?
What did Justice open in June 1995?
Who said, ``I 'm sure is a small fraction of what Microsoft paid its lawyers in that period''?
What do they succeed on?
What did Tyler Baker say ``'s really rather modest for a case that has been as hard fought as this one has they 've put on''?
Who was Tyler Baker?
Who is using both in-house lawyers and attorneys from New York-based Sullivan & Cromwell in the federal antitrust case?
What did Microsoft blame partly on ``higher legal fees'' in financial papers?
What were of $689 million for this business year?
What were litigation costs?
What did the agency include?
What have attorneys general in those states denied?
Who was a Dallas antitrust lawyer?
What did the department also reveal it has spent $194,140 for public relations on?
What did Judge Ronald Whyte in the U. S. District Court in San Jose give personal computer software 90 days to make entirely compatible with Sun's Java?
What does the California ruling raise?
What does it help?
What does it raise?
What's not clear beyond that what the effect will be?
Who is now at the Brookings Institution?
Who is the California ruling badly timed for?
How many companies had Sun argued that by altering the Java programming language, Microsoft had violated a contract had signed in the California case?
Whose Java did Judge Ronald Whyte in the U. S. District Court in San Jose give personal computer software 90 days to make its Internet software entirely compatible with?
What does it raise questions about?
What does the Justice Department and 20 states suing Microsoft in the antitrust case help the atmospherics of?
What had Sun argued that by altering the Java programming language, Microsoft had violated the two companies had signed in the California case?
What is a preliminary injuction?
What is the antitrust trial already well under?
What does the Justice Department and 20 states suing Microsoft in the antitrust case's not clear beyond that?
What does it's not clear beyond what the effect will be?
What helps the atmospherics of the government's case?
Who gave the California ruling 90 days to comply?
Who did Judge Ronald Whyte in the U. S. District Court in San Jose order to stop the practice?
What is not scheduled to begin until next year?
Who was a former senior official in the Justice Department's antitrust division?
Who gave personal computer software 90 days to make its Internet software entirely compatible with Sun's Java?
Who was Robert Litan?
What had Sun argued in the California case?
What does it's not clear beyond that?
What did Judge Ronald Whyte in the U. S. District Court in San Jose give it 90 days to make its Internet software entirely compatible with?
What had Sun argued that by altering the Java programming language, Microsoft had violated a contract had signed in the California case?
Who gave it 90 days to make its Internet software entirely compatible with Sun's Java?
What is difficult to determine?
What did Judge Ronald Whyte in the U. S. District Court in San Jose give personal computer software 90 days to make its Internet software entirely compatible with?
What is already well under way?
What is badly timed for Microsoft?
What did Sherlund note given?
Who is expected to rule early next year?
What does the Justice Department and 20 states suing Microsoft in the antitrust case's not clear beyond what the effect will be?
What do the Justice Department and 20 states suing Microsoft in the antitrust case say by?
What had Sun argued that by altering the Java programming language, Microsoft had violated a contract the two companies had signed in?
What does it help the atmospherics of?
What had Sun argued that by altering the Java programming language, Microsoft had violated a contract in the California case?
What had agreed to do when it signed a technology licensing agreement with Sun?
Who was Richard Sherlund?
What do the Justice Department and 20 states suing Microsoft in the antitrust case say that this is part of a pattern of illegal practices by?
Who had argued that by altering the Java programming language, Microsoft had violated a contract the two companies had signed in the California case?
What does raise questions about the company's strategy of trying to influence the industry to accept Microsoft's version of Internet software standards?
What was Richard Sherlund an analyst for Goldman Sachs & Co. ``Microsoft does not have to pull products out'' of?
What is Litan now at?
What is the order?
Whose Java did Judge Ronald Whyte in the U. S. District Court in San Jose give it 90 days to make its Internet software entirely compatible with?
What did Judge Ronald Whyte in the U. S. District Court in San Jose order Microsoft to stop?
What does the California ruling raise questions about?
Who noted given the antitrust case?
What did Judge Ronald Whyte in the U. S. District Court in San Jose give it 90 days to make entirely compatible with Sun's Java?
What is a preliminary injunction in a private law suit in California?
Who is the ruling Tuesday?
Who gave it 90 days to comply?
Who was an analyst for Goldman Sachs & Co. ``Microsoft does not have to pull products out'' of distribution?
If Sun's Java became an industry-standard, what asserts?
What is uncertain?
Who ordered Microsoft to stop the practice?
What does the Justice Department and 20 states suing Microsoft in the antitrust case help?
What told Microsoft Corp. after a yearlong antitrust investigation?
How many products pC makers in Japan to load separately in April?
Who was Microsoft's general counsel for international affairs?
When did Microsoft say?
Who was a professor at the New York University Law School?
What does Microsoft say the Japanese antitrust agency has?
What did the Justice Department say that Klein had not encouraged Japan ``to take action of any kind against Microsoft'' in?
What did to change permanently one of its marketing practices and pointedly warn the company to watch?
Who visited Japan in December?
When did Microsoft also announce that the South Korean Fair Trade Commission had informed the company two months ago that its investigation of Microsoft was concluded?
When did Microsoft also announce that no further review was expected?
When did Joel I. Klein visit Japan?
What did Microsoft also announce Friday that the South Korean Fair Trade Commission had informed the company two months ago?
What was stepped up after Joel I. Klein visited Japan in December?
Where have the Justice Department and 20 states sued Microsoft?
What did Joel I. Klein visit in December?
What did to change permanently one of Friday's marketing practices and pointedly warn to watch its step in the Internet browser market?
Who looked at the same kinds of things that are at issue in Washington?
Who did the same thing?
Who was Eleanor M. Fox?
What said that Klein had not encouraged Japan ``to take action of any kind against Microsoft'' in response to a Senate question on the matter?
Who said the Japanese antitrust agency began making it easier for PC makers in Japan to load the two products separately in April?
Who said it began making it easier for PC makers in Japan to load the two products separately in April?
Whose business practices did the Japanese antitrust agency state in despite the reprimand?
Who said recently that the European Commission was ``closely watching'' the trial in Washington?
What did to change permanently one of Friday's marketing practices and pointedly warn the company to watch?
What did Microsoft begin bundling to PC makers three years ago?
What did Japan's Fair Trade Commission tell Microsoft Corp. after?
What did Antitrust experts say that most countries still investigating Microsoft's practices were taking?
What did Antitrust experts say?
Where did the Japanese antitrust agency state despite the reprimand?
Who also announced Friday that no further review was expected?
Who did the Justice Department say against in response to a Senate question on the matter?
What did most PC companies still prefer?
Who says it has no plans to challenge the Japanese agency's order?
Who was Brad Smith?
What did Microsoft say began making it easier for PC makers in Japan to load the two products separately in April?
What did a Japanese rival do?
How many products for sales did Microsoft begin bundling to PC makers three years ago?
When did the Japanese investigation of Microsoft accelerate sharply?
What did most countries still investigating Microsoft's practices pendinged the outcome of?
What have the Justice Department and 20 states sued Microsoft at?
Who was Joel I. Klein?
Who says the Japanese antitrust agency has no plans to challenge the Japanese agency's order?
What did find that Microsoft had been engaging in an unfair trade practice by bundling its Excel spreadsheet and Word text program in sales to personal computer makers?
When was the company's investigation begun?
When did the Japanese investigation of Microsoft begin?
When was its investigation begun?
What have sued Microsoft at Washington?
Who was the Japanese rival?
What still preferred the bundled offering?
Who have the Justice Department and 20 states sued at Washington?
What does Microsoft say has no plans to challenge the Japanese agency's order?
What did to change permanently one of its marketing practices and pointedly warn to watch its step in the Internet browser market?
Who was the European commissioner in charge of competition policy?
Who was Justsystem Corp.?
What did Microsoft also announce Friday?
Who to load the two products separately in April?
What began in October 1997?
What pC makers in Japan to load separately in April?
What did the Japanese antitrust agency do find in?
What warned the company to watch its step in the Internet browser market?
Who said that most countries still investigating Microsoft's practices were taking a wait-and-see stance toward the company?
What accelerated sharply on the morning of Jan. 13 when 20 uniformed police officers swept into Microsoft's offices in the Shinjuku district of Tokyo?
What did Microsoft say it began making easier for PC makers in Japan to load the two products separately in April?
Who did Microsoft begin bundling the two products for sales to three years ago?
What did Microsoft say the Japanese antitrust agency began making easier for PC makers in Japan to load the two products separately in April?
Who did Japan's Fair Trade Commission tell after a yearlong antitrust investigation?
When pC makers in Japan to load the two products separately?
Who also announced Friday that the South Korean Fair Trade Commission had informed the company two months ago that its investigation of Microsoft was concluded?
Whose general counsel for international affairs was Brad Smith?
What did most countries still investigating Microsoft's practices pendinged?
What did Microsoft also announce Friday that the South Korean Fair Trade Commission had informed two months ago that its investigation of Microsoft was concluded?
What pendinged the outcome of the major U. S. antitrust case?
Who was assistant attorney general in charge of the Justice Department's antitrust division?
Who began bundling the two products for sales to PC makers three years ago?
What did Microsoft focus on that finding Friday as?
What did the Japanese antitrust agency do find that Microsoft had been engaging in by bundling its Excel spreadsheet and Word text program in sales to personal computer makers?
What did the Japanese antitrust agency state in despite the reprimand?
What does Microsoft say?
What does Microsoft say it has?
Who was Karel van Miert?
What did the Japanese investigators look at?
What was begun in November 1997?
What did Microsoft decline to comment on it may introduce in court during the cross-examination of Norris?
Who declined to comment on documents it may introduce in court during the cross-examination of Norris?
What balked at close cooperation with Microsoft?
What did Microsoft decline to comment on documents it may introduce in court during?
What had Compaq made?
Who also testified that its Windows price rose very sharply?
What did Baber say Sunday that it was ``absolutely not the case'' that Microsoft proposed by IBM to drop OS\/2 from its PC's?
What did Microsoft decline to comment on documents may introduce in court during the cross-examination of Norris?
What did Microsoft decline to comment on documents a document in 1994 called the ``IBM-Microsoft Alliance Proposal may introduce in court during?
What was made last month by Garry Norris?
Who has Baber since retired from?
Who said in his deposition that IBM did pay significantly more for Windows 95 than did a major IBM rival?
Who has since retired from Microsoft?
Who specifically mentioned the proposal being made by Mark Baber?
What did Garry Norris specifically mention?
What did Norris say in that IBM did pay significantly more for Windows 95 than did a major IBM rival?
Who said he worked on the Microsoft effort in 1994 and 1995 to try to repair the strained relationship between the two companies in addition?
What did Baber say was unusually low because, dating back to their days of close cooperation in software, IBM had shared in the development costs?
What was several dollars lower than IBM's price?
What did Baber say he worked on the Microsoft effort in 1994 and 1995 to try to repair in addition?
What did that document call for to promote Microsoft's software on IBM personal computers?
When was the allegation made by Garry Norris?
What did Norris say in his deposition that IBM did pay significantly more for than did a major IBM rival?
What did he also testify?
What did Garry Norris also testify?
Who also testified that IBM's Windows price rose very sharply?
What was the last major PC maker to sign a Windows 95 license agreement with Microsoft?
What does Microsoft fiercely deny?
Who had made a broad agreement with Microsoft?
What did Baber say Sunday by?
What did that effort include drafting?''
What did Baber say was unusually low because, dating back to IBM's days of close cooperation in software, IBM had shared in the development costs?
What called for IBM to promote Microsoft's software on IBM personal computers?
Who oversaw Microsoft's relationship with IBM's P. C. business?
What did Microsoft decline to comment on documents a document in 1994 called the ``IBM-Microsoft Alliance Proposal may introduce in during the cross-examination of Norris?
Who did Baber say worked on the Microsoft effort in 1994 and 1995 to try to repair the strained relationship between the two companies in addition?
What foundered mainly because IBM balked at close cooperation with Microsoft?
What did Baber say he worked on to try to repair the strained relationship between the two companies in addition?
When did Baber say?
What did Norris testify that Microsoft managers repeatedly made in a pretrial deposition in May?
What did Microsoft decline to comment on documents in?
What was the Windows 95 price paid by Compaq several dollars lower than?
What was the earlier version?
Who fiercely denies the allegation?
Whose software did that document call for IBM to promote on IBM personal computers?
Who declined to comment on documents a document in 1994 called the ``IBM-Microsoft Alliance Proposal may introduce in court during the cross-examination of Norris?
Whose price for Windows 3. 1 did Baber say to?
What had shared in the development costs?
What did he specifically mention?
What was Compaq's price for Windows 3. 1?
Who yes have documents that we believe show that?
What was about $20 a copy?
Who was IBM to sign a Windows 95 license agreement with Microsoft?
What had IBM shared in?
What did Norris say in his deposition for?
What did IBM balk at?
Who was a manager who negotiated with Microsoft for IBM's personal computer business, is scheduled to take the stand Monday as witness for the government?
What did Norris testify in a pretrial deposition in May?
What did Baber say he worked on the Microsoft effort in 1994 and 1995 to try to repair the strained relationship between the two companies in?
What did Mark Baber oversee?
What did Microsoft decline to comment on documents it may introduce in during the cross-examination of Norris?
What do yes we have?
What was Windows 3. 1?
What did that document call for IBM to promote on IBM personal computers?
What did that document call for IBM to promote Microsoft's software on?
What did Baber say Sunday that it was ``absolutely not the case'' by?
What was mainly because Compaq had made a broad agreement with Microsoft?
Whose relationship with IBM's P. C. business did Mark Baber oversee?
Who was the allegation made last month by?
What did Microsoft decline to comment on a document in 1994 called the ``IBM-Microsoft Alliance Proposal may introduce in court during the cross-examination of Norris?
What included drafting a document in 1994 called the ``IBM-Microsoft Alliance Proposal?''
Whose price for Windows 3. 1 was about $20 a copy?
What did Baber say on in addition?
Who was Garry Norris?
What does Microsoft charge PC makers for yet antitrust experts say that the Norris testimony was not a knockout punch on its own?
Who did it push particularly hard for?
Who say the offer was probably not a violation?
What was Big IBM?
What introduced an IBM document that cast doubt on Microsoft's statement?
What is certainly legal for Microsoft to offer a distributor _ as the IBM PC business was _ incentives to aggressively distribute its product?
What did IBM select Microsoft to supply in 1981?
What did David Boies say the Norris testimony put on what he called ``some of the most important evidence in the case?''
What was Garry Norris of IBM's litany of accusations at?
What did Microsoft charge more for Windows than it charged other major PC makers?
Who said the Norris testimony put a ``vivid human face'' on what he called ``some of the most important evidence in the case?''
What is in closed sessions?
Who took that testimony in closed sessions?
What were the dates?
What shared in the costs of developing Windows 95 _ a straightforward business rationale for different terms?
Who does Microsoft charge PC makers for its Windows operating system yet say that its legal power may hinge on earlier testimony on the prices?
When were places and names?
What did the document say IBM believed it paid $5 to $15 more for each copy of Windows it loaded on?
What would be an antitrust violation on its face?
What rejected those proposals?
Who does Microsoft charge for its Windows operating system yet antitrust experts say that the Norris testimony was not a knockout punch on its own?
What received a significantly lower price?
What has been out-hustled?
What did Garry Norris of IBM insist?''
What does Microsoft say the exception was because it shared in the costs of developing Windows 95 _ a straightforward business rationale for different terms?
Who is the offer certainly legal for to offer a distributor _ as the IBM PC business was _ incentives to aggressively distribute its product?
Who did William Kovacic assert for?
What were his charges backed up by?
What turned down the Microsoft proposal?
What did the document say IBM believed it paid $5 to $15 more for it loaded on its machines than did Compaq, Hewlett-Packard or Dell Computer?
What was his litany of accusations at?
What was submitted in previous testimony?
What did Judge Thomas Penfield Jackson take?
Whose lawyers had the government recognized that IBM's size, reach and complicated history with Microsoft could be used by to try to undercut its contentions?
What were Garry Norris of IBM's charges backed up by?
What did the exception share in?
Who was Ted Waitt the chairman of?
Who does Microsoft charge for its Windows operating system yet antitrust experts say that its legal power may hinge on earlier testimony on the prices?
If the industry pricing information shows, what may the Norris testimony add more legal ammunition to the government's case?
What is established in a 1984 ruling involving American Airlines?
What does Microsoft charge PC makers for yet antitrust experts say that its legal power may hinge on earlier testimony on the prices?
What was much of the detailed, company-by-company information on the prices to makers for Microsoft's industry-standard Windows operating system submitted in?
What was _ incentives to aggressively distribute its product?
What was Garry Norris of IBM's litany of accusations lengthy and specific _ threats and enticements to not compete against the Microsoft Corp. delivered at meeting after?
What does Microsoft charge PC makers for its Windows operating system yet antitrust experts say that its legal power may hinge on earlier testimony on?
Who had the Justice Department urged to take the stand _?
What was of course?
What do antitrust experts say was probably not a violation?
What were the contract proposals presented in court if IBM agreed to certain promotion and marketing efforts on behalf of Windows?
Who had the government recognized that IBM's size, reach and complicated history with Microsoft could be used by to try to undercut its contentions?
What was Garry Norris of IBM's litany of accusations lengthy and specific _ threats and enticements to not compete against the Microsoft Corp. delivered at after meeting?
What does Microsoft charge PC makers for its Windows operating system yet antitrust experts say that the Norris testimony was not punch on its own?
Who does Microsoft charge PC makers for its Windows operating system yet say that the Norris testimony was not a knockout punch on its own?
What is the legal standard established in?
What did he insist?''
What was the IBM PC business _ to aggressively distribute its product?
What was Big?
What would such an invitation to a competitor to reduce competition be an antitrust violation on?
What supplied some of the most absorbing moments so far in the Microsoft trial?
What does Microsoft charge PC makers for the testimony last week of Garry Norris of IBM's Windows operating system yet antitrust experts say on?
What were backed up by his handwritten notes?
What was the government of?
Who says the exception was the Compaq Computer Corp. because it shared in the costs of developing Windows 95 _ a straightforward business rationale for different terms?
What does Microsoft charge PC makers for its Windows operating system yet antitrust experts say that the Norris testimony was not on?
What did Norris negotiate with Microsoft on from 1995 to 1997?
What stated specifically that IBM must ``drop or eliminate'' OS\/2?
What did IBM reject?
If the industry pricing information shows that IBM was paying more than comparable PC makers, what may add more legal ammunition to the government's case?
If the industry pricing information shows that IBM was paying more than comparable PC makers, what may the Norris testimony add to the government's case?
Who insists there is no evidence that IBM paid a higher price for Windows than its competitors?
Who did he assert for?
What did the document say IBM believed to?
When did Norris negotiate with Microsoft on behalf of IBM's personal computer business from 1995?
What does Microsoft charge PC makers for its Windows operating system yet antitrust experts say on?
Who was Ted Waitt?
What were the contract proposals presented in court a series of if IBM agreed to certain promotion and marketing efforts on behalf of Windows?
Who did Norris negotiate with on behalf of IBM's personal computer business from 1995 to 1997?
Who was the chairman of Gateway Inc.?
What did Litan say ``To the Norris testimony fits into the pattern of Microsoft threats and punishment''?
Who IBM was an imperfect object of sympathy as the representative witness for PC makers?
What would such an invitation to a competitor to reduce competition be on its face?
What were a series of suggested discounts on the price of Windows if IBM agreed to certain promotion and marketing efforts on behalf of Windows?
When did IBM select Microsoft to supply the operating system for the first IBM PC?
Who insisted that the overall effect of the Microsoft terms would be to ``kill OS\/2 in the markeplace?''
What did the document say IBM believed $5 paid $5 to $15 more for each copy of Windows it loaded on?
What was Garry Norris of IBM's litany of accusations delivered at meeting after meeting?
Who charges PC makers for its Windows operating system yet antitrust experts say that the Norris testimony was not a knockout punch on its own?
Who was powerful and itself long a target of government antitrust suits?
If the industry pricing information shows that IBM was paying more than comparable PC makers, what may the Norris testimony add more legal ammunition to?
What did Ted Waitt decide against?
What was the document?
What do antitrust experts say the offer was probably?
What were fleshed out with the dates?
What did he assert that Microsoft repeatedly offered for Windows if it favored Microsoft products ranging from so-called office productivity applications to its Internet browsing software?
Who say it was probably not a violation?
What did the Norris testimony go well beyond?
What did David Boies say put a ``vivid human face'' on what he called ``some of the most important evidence in the case?''
What is the legal standard in such cases in?
What was Big IBM an imperfect object of?
What did IBM turn down?
What is that the evidence be ``uniquely unequivocal'' _ in the airline case, the evidence was a tape-recorded offer to jointly raise fares?
What went well beyond the OS\/2 charge?
What did the government introduce?
What did Litan say ``To''?
Who charges PC makers for its Windows operating system yet antitrust experts say that its legal power may hinge on earlier testimony on the prices?
What had urged other major computer makers to take the stand _?
Who is not punishment meted out by a monopolist?
What was his litany of accusations lengthy and specific _ threats and enticements to not compete against the Microsoft Corp. delivered at after meeting?
What did Litan say ``To the extent fits into the pattern of Microsoft threats and punishment''?
What do antitrust experts say it was probably?
What did it share in?
What is Microsoft?
Who was William Kovacic?
What had the Justice Department urged other major computer makers to take?
Who had the government recognized by?
Who decided against the Justice Department?
What did the document say IBM believed it paid $5 to $15 more for each copy of Windows on?
What may be that IBM was told it would pay a higher price for Windows unless it agreed to ``reduce, drop or eliminate'' shipments of OS\/2?
Who was Norris to testify for the government?
Who was the lead trial lawyer for the Justice Department?
What does Microsoft charge PC makers for its Windows operating system yet antitrust experts say that the Norris testimony was not a knockout punch on?
Who decided against it?
What selected Microsoft to supply the operating system for the first IBM PC in 1981?
What may Microsoft's defense be that IBM was told it would pay for Windows unless it agreed to ``reduce, drop or eliminate'' shipments of OS\/2?
What did David Boies say?''
What was lengthy and specific _ threats and enticements to not compete against the Microsoft Corp. delivered at meeting after meeting?
Who may Microsoft's defense be that IBM was told for?
What did Litan say ``To the extent the Norris testimony fits into''?
What did no Microsoft contract offer state specifically?
What do antitrust experts say?
Who is it certainly legal for to offer a distributor _ as the IBM PC business was _ incentives to aggressively distribute its product?
What was his litany of accusations lengthy and specific _ threats and enticements to not compete against the Microsoft Corp. delivered at meeting after?
Who was David Boies?
Who did IBM select to supply the operating system for the first IBM PC in 1981?
Who was Litan?
When did the testimony last week of Garry Norris of IBM supply?
Who said ``To the extent the Norris testimony fits into the pattern of Microsoft threats and punishment''?
What would be an antitrust violation on Microsoft's defense's face?
What does Microsoft insist?
Who was the former Justice Department official?
What would such an invitation to a competitor to reduce competition be on Microsoft's defense's face?
Who asserted that Microsoft repeatedly offered IBM better terms and prices for Windows if it favored Microsoft products ranging from so-called office productivity applications to its Internet browsing software?
Who charged IBM more for Windows than it charged other major PC makers?
Who was the first representative of a PC maker to testify for the government?
Who was Norris the first representative of to testify for the government?
What did the Compaq Computer Corp. receive?
What did the document say to?
When did the testimony last week of Garry Norris of IBM supply some?
What did the document say IBM believed $5 paid $5 to $15 more for each copy of Windows on?
Who was a law professor at George Washington University?
Who may Microsoft's defense be for?
What was an internal memo?
What is the legal standard in such cases that the evidence be ``uniquely unequivocal'' _ in?
What is earlier testimony in?
When were Garry Norris of IBM's charges fleshed out?
What was Big powerful and itself long a target of?
Who negotiated with Microsoft on behalf of IBM's personal computer business from 1995 to 1997?
When were his charges fleshed out?
What does Microsoft charge PC makers for its Windows operating system yet antitrust experts say that its legal power may hinge on on the prices?
Who did the Justice Department push particularly hard for?
What had recognized that IBM's size, reach and complicated history with Microsoft could be used by Microsoft's lawyers to try to undercut its contentions?
What does Microsoft insist there is?
What pushed particularly hard for Ted Waitt?
What was his litany of accusations delivered at meeting after meeting?
When did Norris negotiate with Microsoft on behalf of IBM's personal computer business to 1997?
What does Microsoft say was the Compaq Computer Corp. because it shared in the costs of developing Windows 95 _ a straightforward business rationale for different terms?
What does Aug. 10- Each side offer book-sized documents detailing what each it believes are the real facts in the case?
Who do 1996: Sept. 19 _ Microsoft reveals that the Justice Department is probing the bundling of with Windows 95?
What was Intuit Inc. maker of?
What do 1996: Sept. 19 _ with?
When _ Microsoft reveals that the Justice Department is probing the bundling of its Internet Explorer browser with Windows 95?
What do 1996: Sept. 19 _ Microsoft reveals with?
What does the agency ponder?
Who did April 27 _ The Justice Department sues to block Microsoft's acquisition of?
What does Jackson issue his own findings of?
What do the Justice Department and 20 states file against Microsoft May 18- After the settlement negotiations fail?
Who do the company's lawyers accuse?
Who accuse the plaintiffs of unwarranted meddling in the rough-and-tumble software industry?
Who does _ Microsoft reveal the Justice Department is investigating?
What will constitute a verdict in the trial _ one that is virtually sure to be appealed?
Who is the case assigned to?
Who seeks to expedite the proceedings by setting an early trial date?
What does Sept. 10- Each side file another stack of?
What is assigned to Jackson?
When says it will comply with Jackson's order by offering computer makers two new options?
What do the company's lawyers accuse the plaintiffs of?
What do Aug. 20 _ The FTC decides to?
Who is Microsoft's general counsel?
What does the defense rest after also calling 12 witnesses?
When files another stack of voluminous rebuttal briefs that largely review Microsoft's prior arguments while disparaging the opponents ' case?
What does Microsoft abandon within a month?
Who do 1994: July 16 _ trustbrusters reach a settlement that requires the company to change a variety of business practices with personal computer makers?
Who abandons its proposed takeover within a month?
When opens in Washington presiding without a jury?
What do 1994: July 16 _ Microsoft and Justice Department trustbrusters reach with personal computer makers?
Whose anti-competitive conduct does U. S. District Judge Stanley Sporkin assert?
When _ Microsoft and Justice Department trustbrusters reach a settlement that requires the company to change a variety of business practices with personal computer makers?
What does a federal appeals court rule?
Who does Sept. 21- Nearly a year after the trial began come to a close with oral arguments from?
What repeatedly seeks to portray Microsoft as a bullying monopolist?
What does the government allege that the company systematically used over the operating system market for personal computers to illegally thwart competition?
What asks Jackson to hold Microsoft in contempt?
What alleges that the company systematically used its dominance over the operating system market for personal computers to illegally thwart competition?
Who reveals the Justice Department is investigating Microsoft Network?
What rests its case after also calling 12 witnesses?
Who does the Justice Department ask to hold Microsoft in contempt?
What does Sept. 21- Nearly a year after the trial began come to from the opposing lawyers?
Who will constitute a verdict in the trial _ one that is virtually sure to be appealed?
What opens After a three-month recess and unsuccessful secrecy-cloaked efforts to reach a settlement?
When comes to a close with oral arguments from the opposing lawyers?
What did June 16 _ upholds the 1994 settlement?
What does a federal appeals court rule that Microsoft did not violate when it combined Windows 95 and Internet Explorer?
Who denies all charges of wrongdoing?
Whose order does Dec. 15- Microsoft say with?
What does Microsoft deny all charges of?
When is the courtroom phase?
Who do 1994: July 16 _ with?
What did April 27 _ sues to block Microsoft's acquisition of Intuit Inc.?
Who abandons a month's proposed takeover within a month?
What do Aug. 20 _ decides to drops its Microsoft probe?
When _ The Justice Department sues to block Microsoft's acquisition of Intuit Inc.?
What does the Justice Department ask Jackson to hold Microsoft in?
What casts Microsoft as a monopolist that squelches competition while the company's lawyers accuse the plaintiffs of unwarranted meddling in the rough-and-tumble software industry?
What does Aug. 10- Each side offer the court book-sized documents detailing are the real facts in the case?
What did April 27 _ The Justice Department sues to block?
What does _ Microsoft reveal is investigating Microsoft Network?
When does Microsoft abandon a month's proposed takeover?
Who issues a preliminary injunction that bars Microsoft from requiring computer makers to install Dec. 11's online browser?
Who issues a preliminary injunction that bars Microsoft from requiring computer makers to install its online browser?
What does the Justice Department say it will take over?
What do 1995: Feb. 14 _ U. S. District Judge Stanley Sporkin rejects?
What does Microsoft deny?
What does Dec. 15- Microsoft say will comply with Jackson's order by offering computer makers two new options?
What do 1993: Feb. 5 _ On?
What does Jackson seek to expedite by setting an early trial date?
Whose order does Dec. 15- Microsoft say it will comply with by offering computer makers two new options?
What did June 16 _?
What would the company claims two new options undermine?
What do 1996: Sept. 19 _ Microsoft reveals that the Justice Department is probing with Windows 95?
What does Dec. 15- Microsoft say with?
What is Microsoft Network?
What does Oct. 19- The federal antitrust trial open in presiding without a jury?
What does the Justice Department say will take over the case?
What says it will take over the case?
Who approves the 1994 settlement agreement?
What do May 14- Microsoft and the Justice Department reveal?
What will they constitute?
Who does the government cast as a monopolist that squelches competition while the company's lawyers accuse the plaintiffs of unwarranted meddling in the rough-and-tumble software industry?
When offers the court book-sized documents detailing what each it believes are the real facts in the case?
What is with Jackson?
What does the trial's rebuttal phase open After?
When _ On a 2-2 vote, FTC deadlocks on taking action against Microsoft?
When _ U. S. District Judge Stanley Sporkin rejects the proposed settlement?
Whose acquisition of Intuit Inc. did April 27 _?
What does Jackson issue?
Who is Washington with?
When _ A federal appeals court upholds the 1994 settlement?
What does Aug. 10- Each side offer the court book-sized documents detailing what each it believes are?
What did April 27 _?
When leaves the stand?
Who is its newly launched online service?
What does June 25- The last rebuttal witness leave?
What is Sept. 21- Nearly the year after the trial began?
What did June 16 _ A federal appeals court upholds?
Where does Oct. 19- The federal antitrust trial open presiding without a jury?
What does the government allege that the company systematically used its dominance over the operating system market for personal computers to illegally thwart?
Who was maker of the popular Quicken personal finance program?
Whose general counsel is William Neukom?
What does _ U. S. District Judge Thomas Penfield Jackson approve?
What does Dec. 15- Microsoft say it will comply with by offering computer makers two new options?
What do 1993: Feb. 5 _ On a 2-2 vote, deadlocks on taking action against Microsoft?
Whose acquisition of Intuit Inc. did April 27 _ The Justice Department sues to block?
What does the government allege that the company systematically used its dominance over to illegally thwart competition?
What do 1993: Feb. 5 _ On, FTC deadlocks on taking action against Microsoft?
What do 1995: Feb. 14 _?
What would two new options undermine computer performance?
What would the company claims undermine computer performance?
Who does the prosecution repeatedly seek to portray as a bullying monopolist?
How many new options would the company claims undermine computer performance?
Who asserts that it does not go far enough to curb Microsoft's anti-competitive conduct?
Who issues his own findings of fact?
Who was Intuit Inc.?
What began?
When reveal that they are conducting settlement talks aimed at heading off a wide-ranging antitrust action?
What do the Justice Department and 20 states file a broad antitrust suit against May 18- After the settlement negotiations fail?
What does U. S. District Judge Stanley Sporkin assert?
When does Microsoft abandon its proposed takeover?
When _ The FTC decides to drops its Microsoft probe?
Who do 1994: July 16 _ Microsoft and Justice Department trustbrusters reach a settlement that requires the company to change a variety of business practices with?
What do 1996: Sept. 19 _ Microsoft reveals that the Justice Department is probing the bundling of its Internet Explorer browser with?
Who does the Justice Department ask Jackson to hold in contempt?
What does the Justice Department say?
What do May 14- Microsoft and the Justice Department reveal that they are conducting?
What do the Justice Department and 20 states file a broad antitrust suit against Microsoft May 18- After negotiations fail?
What ponders charges that Microsoft illegally thwarted competition while adding hidden codes to its operating system software in a bid to hinder competing applications vendors?
Who do 1996: Sept. 19 _ reveals that the Justice Department is probing the bundling of its Internet Explorer browser with Windows 95?
What rules that Microsoft did not violate a previous agreement with the government when it combined Windows 95 and Internet Explorer?
Who is William Neukom?
What file a broad antitrust suit against Microsoft May 18- After the settlement negotiations fail?
What does _ Microsoft reveal?
When files another stack of voluminous rebuttal briefs that largely review their prior arguments while disparaging the opponents ' case?
Who does the government cast Microsoft as?
What does the government allege over?
Who do 1995: Feb. 14 _ rejects the proposed settlement?
What do Aug. 20 _ to?
What does Aug. 10- Each side offer the court?
What does Sept. 10- Each side file?
What does Aug. 10- Each side offer the court are the real facts in the case?
Who does the prosecution repeatedly seek to portray Microsoft as?
Who is the Justice Department's newly launched online service?
Who was head of the antitrust practice at Boston law firm Palmer & Dodge?
What does Scott say the sweeping rejection of Microsoft's view of the case will bear weight with?
What did Caldera chief executive Ray Noorda buy DR-DOS from Novell in?
What has Microsoft had some success before?
Who does the Java computing system allow to write programs that can run on many different types of computers?
What does the Java computing system allow programmers to write?
Who would not rule out this Draconian penalty?
Who will have to argue that even if the facts are accepted as true, they do not constitute a violation of law?
What would Microsoft have to satisfy?
Who 'res a company like Microsoft?
Who ruled that the Caldera-Microsoft case will go to trial in January?
What will be decided by a jury chosen from Caldera's back yard _ a daunting prospect for Microsoft unlike the Justice Department case?
Whose massive defeat in its federal antitrust suit leaves the company facing perhaps the most severe crisis in its 25-year history?
What does it seem unlikely Microsoft can now simply settle?
Who was of Boston law firm?
Who does it seem unlikely can now simply settle the case?
What do Antitrust experts say by?
What is Mass.?
Whose copyright did Microsoft violate to the Java computing system?
Who did Caldera chief executive Ray Noorda formerly run?
Who was Lisa Wood?
Who did Charles Ferguson sell Vermeer Technologies in Cambridge to in 1997?
What could Jackson's ruling have?
What does the case involve?
What seems unlikely Microsoft can now simply settle the case?
Who is Charles Ferguson?
What does Scott say the sweeping rejection of Microsoft's view of the case will bear with the appeals court?
What do Thane Scott 're?
What did the judge rule that the Caldera-Microsoft case will go to in January?
When does Noorda believe?
What is Charles Ferguson a harsh critic of?
Who said, ``Thane Scott think that 're going to fight to the death''?
What are 19 state attorneys general involved in?
What can those competitors use to make life even tougher for Microsoft?
Even if Microsoft avoids action of this magnitude when lie ahead?
If this were not enough for Microsoft, what does the company face another antitrust shootout in?
What does it seem unlikely?
Who was Nutter McClennen & Fish?
Who said, ``They have an uphill battle on appeal''?
What does Wood chair?
When did Charles Ferguson sell Vermeer Technologies in Cambridge to Microsoft?
What was an Orem maker of Linux software?
What did a federal judge in Salt Lake City throw out by Microsoft to have key charges in the case dismissed on Thursday?
What did Ferguson say, ``I think to''?
What does Noorda believe that during the early 1990s, Microsoft used to stamp out DR-DOS and keep it from gaining a foothold in the operating systems market?
When does Noorda believe that, Microsoft used the case's market power to stamp out DR-DOS and keep it from gaining a foothold in the operating systems market?
What does an uphill battle seem unlikely?
What did Caldera Systems Inc. file against Microsoft in 1996?
What will Microsoft have to argue that even if the facts are accepted as true, they do not constitute?
What do Antitrust experts say the findings of fact can be used by as the basis of their own private antitrust actions against the company?
Whose ruling could have an impact on other cases already pending against Microsoft?
Who violated Sun's copyright to the Java computing system?
What has Microsoft had before federal appellate courts?
When does Noorda believe that, Microsoft used its market power to stamp out DR-DOS and keep it from gaining a foothold in the operating systems market?
What will Microsoft have to argue that even if the facts are accepted as true, they do not constitute a violation of?
What will Jackson apply antitrust law to in the next phase?
How many state attorneys general are involved in the suit, as well as the federal government?
Who is a harsh critic of the company?
What was Thane Scott?
What did Microsoft violate to the Java computing system?
What did Ferguson say, ``Thane Scott think to''?
What did an appeals court in August overturn?
When did the judge rule that the Caldera-Microsoft case will go to trial?
What is still fighting against rival Sun Microsystems Inc. in federal court?
Who does Scott say for?
What will the Caldera matter be decided by a jury chosen from Caldera's back yard _ a daunting prospect for Microsoft unlike?
What will Jackson apply antitrust law to the facts he has settled upon in?
What allows programmers to write programs that can run on many different types of computers?
Who was Caldera Systems Inc.?
Who will apply antitrust law to the facts he has settled upon in the next phase?
What filed an antitrust case against Microsoft in 1996?
Who does an uphill battle seem unlikely can now simply settle the case?
Whose massive defeat in Microsoft Corp.'s federal antitrust suit leaves the company facing perhaps the most severe crisis in its 25-year history?
Who bought DR-DOS from Novell in order to pursue a court case against Microsoft?
What does Scott say will bear weight with the appeals court?
What did Lisa Wood say is so severe that it practically ensures Microsoft will fight to the bitter end, rather than settle?
Who is MS-DOS?
Who said, ``federal appellate courts have an uphill battle on appeal''?
Who did he buy DR-DOS from in order to pursue a court case against Microsoft?
Who said, ``It's really a disaster for Microsoft''?
Who did a federal judge in Salt Lake City throw out an effort by to have key charges in the case dismissed on Thursday?
What does Microsoft Corp.'s massive defeat in its federal antitrust suit leave the company facing?
What did Microsoft violate Sun's copyright to?
Who is an operating system once sold by Novell Inc. as an alternative to an early Microsoft product?
Who would have to satisfy them all?
What was Lisa Wood of?
What could have an impact on other cases already pending against Microsoft?
Who did Charles Ferguson sell to Microsoft in 1997?
What did a federal judge in Salt Lake City throw out an effort by Microsoft to have dismissed on Thursday?
Who can use Friday's ruling to make life even tougher for Microsoft?
When did Caldera Systems Inc. file an antitrust case against Microsoft?
Who threw out an effort by Microsoft to have key charges in the case dismissed on Thursday?
What will Microsoft have to argue?
Who can those competitors use Friday's ruling to make life even tougher for?
What did he buy from Novell in order to pursue a court case against Microsoft?
What overturned an injunction against Microsoft?
What does Microsoft Corp.'s massive defeat in Microsoft Corp.'s federal antitrust suit leave the company facing?
What is Cambridge?
What is seeking to have that injunction reinstated?
If Caldera wins, what could obtain damages running into the billions of dollars?
What did he buy DR-DOS from Novell in?
What predicted that Microsoft will soldier on?
Who formerly ran Novell?
What is the firm still fighting against rival Sun Microsystems Inc. in?
If Caldera wins, what could it obtain?
Who says the sweeping rejection of Microsoft's view of the case will bear weight with the appeals court?
Who has had some success before federal appellate courts?
What did Wood predict?
What did Lisa Wood say the danger of private suits based on Friday's ruling is so severe that it practically ensures to?
What would Joel Klein Friday not rule out?
What does Microsoft Corp.'s massive defeat in its federal antitrust suit leave facing perhaps the most severe crisis in its 25-year history?
What did Lisa Wood say to?
What does an uphill battle seem unlikely Microsoft can now simply settle?
What seems unlikely because the government is now in a position to make very tough demands?
What is DR-DOS?
Who 're a company like Microsoft?
What does Microsoft Corp.'s massive defeat in Microsoft Corp.'s federal antitrust suit leave facing perhaps the most severe crisis in its 25-year history?
What chairs a committee on antitrust law for the American Bar Association?
What was Caldera Systems Inc. an Orem maker of?
What did Caldera chief executive Ray Noorda buy from Novell in order to pursue a court case against Microsoft?
What do you 're?
Who say the findings of fact can be used by dozens of Microsoft's competitors as the basis of their own private antitrust actions against the company?
What will the Caldera matter be decided by _ a daunting prospect for Microsoft unlike the Justice Department case?
What involves DR-DOS?
Who said, ``I think they 're going to fight to the death''?
What can those competitors use Friday's ruling to make for Microsoft?
What does Scott say bodes ill for Microsoft in the next phase of the trial, and even reduces the likelihood of a successful appeal?
Who believes that during the early 1990s, Microsoft used its market power to stamp out DR-DOS and keep it from gaining a foothold in the operating systems market?
When did a federal judge in Salt Lake City throw out an effort by Microsoft to have key charges in the case dismissed?
What do Antitrust experts say can be used by dozens of Microsoft's competitors as the basis of their own private antitrust actions against the company?
Who did Caldera Systems Inc. file an antitrust case against in 1996?
Who did Caldera chief executive Ray Noorda buy DR-DOS from in order to pursue a court case against Microsoft?
What will Jackson apply to the facts he has settled upon in the next phase?
Who said, ``Friday's ruling's really a disaster for Microsoft''?
What is the firm still fighting against in federal court?
What does Scott say with?
What did the judge rule to?
What do Antitrust experts say the findings of fact can be used by dozens of Microsoft's competitors as?
Who sold Vermeer Technologies in Cambridge to Microsoft in 1997?
What did Lisa Wood say the danger of private suits based on Friday's ruling is so severe to?
What leaves the company facing perhaps the most severe crisis in its 25-year history?
Who are involved in the suit, as well as the federal government?
What did Attorney General Janet Reno declare herself pleased that the court had agreed with?
What did Klein see as an example?
What did Boies say ``Joel Klein had my shot in''?
Who did not get to be Microsoft by shrinking from the battlefield?
Who said it showed that ``in America, no person and no company is above the law?''
Who said he expected the decision to ``unleash powerful engines of innovation and consumer benefit?''
What was Joel Klein head of?
Who did Klein deflect a question to compare the case against to another landmark antitrust case?
What do Joel Klein think about?
Who called antitrust law ``the Magna Carta of consumer protection?''
What did Boies indicate with?
What did Blumenthal say he would not rule out like Klein?
Who responded that theatrics are always interesting?
What did Blumenthal have some of?
What was the landmark antitrust case?
Who was Bill Lockyer?
Who said, ``Silicon Valley is cautiously cheering''?
Who was a victory that one official attributed not to any brilliant strategy but to the simple truth?
Whose comments is the Justice Department's lead lawyer in the Microsoft case one of the most highly regarded litigators in the country notwithstanding?
When did Attorney General Janet Reno say ``This is''?
Who said, ``In some senses, this is not a surprise''?
What did Klein say showed that ``in America, no person and no company is above the law?''
What deep enough to wage a long fight?
What did Blumenthal assert?
Who recalled that he had likened the suit to D-Day in its complexity and far-reaching implications?
Who said ``I had my shot in the courtroom''?
What did Boies say ``I had in the courtroom''?
Who did Blumenthal say would not rule out any remedy to break up Microsoft's hold on the software industry like Klein?
What was some of the most damning evidence against Microsoft furnished by Microsoft itself in that proved the company is a monopoly determined to remain a monopoly?
Who exulted in a 207-page decision that found for the government on virtually every important point?
What did Klein deflect to compare the case against Microsoft to another landmark antitrust case?
Who said, ``Today, innovation have established a solid beachhead'', ``Today, we have established a solid beachhead''?
Who responded that there were some fun moments in this trial?
What did Klein see another reason to hold up the Microsoft case as?
Who did WASHINGTON _ Justice Department lawyers savor a resounding victory Friday evening in their case against?
Who indicated that he thought the outcome had less to do with strategy and more to do with facts?
Who said ``This is a great day for American consumers''?
Who shied away from the microphone?
What did California's attorney general say he expected?''
What is the Justice Department's lead lawyer in the Microsoft case one of the most highly regarded litigators in the country notwithstanding?
What is exactly what the evidence showed, ``In a lot of ways''?
Who did Blumenthal say he would not rule out any remedy to break up Microsoft's hold on the software industry like?
Who did Boies say ``had my shot in the courtroom''?
Who lie ahead?
Who smiled broadly?
When did Blumenthal recall that he had likened the suit in its complexity and far-reaching implications?
Who deflected a question to compare the case against Microsoft to another landmark antitrust case?
What do I think this case was about?
Who was the attorney general for Connecticut who worked closely with the Justice Department?
What did Boies indicate that he thought had less to do with strategy and more to do with facts?
What did Blumenthal have?
What was some of the most damning evidence against Microsoft furnished by Microsoft itself in its internal e-mail and other records?
What did Klein deflect a question to compare against Microsoft to another landmark antitrust case?
Who is Microsoft?
Who is the Justice Department's lead lawyer in the Microsoft case one of Klein's comments notwithstanding?
What was Klein asked if he thought during?
What did Attorney General Janet Reno declare herself pleased with?
What did Boies indicate that he thought with?
What did Klein respond?
Who was Richard Blumenthal?
Where did Klein say?''
Who is the Justice Department's lead lawyer in the Microsoft case?
What did Blumenthal of Connecticut call antitrust law ``the Magna Carta of?''
What did Boies say ``in''?
What did Boies say ``I had my shot in''?
Who pronounced himself ``enormously pleased'' with the decision?
What Microsoft deep enough to wage?
What did Klein pronounce David Boies ``enormously pleased'' with?
Who thinks this case was about the evidence?
Who is the Justice Department's lead lawyer in the Microsoft case Klein's comments notwithstanding?
Who encouraged Boies to say something?
What did Blumenthal of Connecticut call?''
Who savored a resounding victory Friday evening in their case against Microsoft?
What do I think about?
What was some of the most damning evidence against Microsoft furnished by Microsoft itself in its internal e-mail and other records that proved the company is?
Who was asked if he thought Microsoft had made any strategic errors during the trial?
What did Attorney General Janet Reno say ?
When did Klein respond that there were?
Who had some of the harshest words for Microsoft?
Who is a powerful adversary with deep pockets _ not as deep as the government's?
What did Boies say ``Joel Klein had in the courtroom''?
What did Klein say in?''
Who think this case was about the evidence?
Who said, ``Joel Klein 're the man''?
What did Blumenthal recall that he had likened the suit to D-Day in?
Who said, ``This case is about the protection of innovation, competition and the consumers ' right to choose the products they want''?
What was furnished by Microsoft itself in its internal e-mail and other records that proved the company is a monopoly determined to remain a monopoly?
What do Joel Klein think this case was about?
Who said, ``Today, we have established a solid beachhead'', ``Today, we have established a solid beachhead''?
What did Klein pronounce himself ``enormously pleased'' with?
What was Microsoft?
Who did Attorney General Janet Reno declare pleased that the court had agreed with the government?
Who saw another reason to hold up the Microsoft case as an example?
What did Reno say, ``This case is about the protection of innovation, competition and the consumers ' right to choose the products''?
Who is one of the most highly regarded litigators in the country Klein's comments notwithstanding?
Who said, ``You 're the man''?
When do only about a year and a half elapsed from the start of the case to Friday's decision _?
What did Richard Blumenthal encourage Boies to say?
What did Blumenthal recall that he had likened to D-Day in its complexity and far-reaching implications?
What do I think was about the evidence?
What did Attorney General Janet Reno say ``is a great day for American consumers''?
Who declared herself pleased that the court had agreed with the government?
Who said he would not rule out any remedy to break up Microsoft's hold on the software industry like Klein?
What was some of the most damning evidence against Microsoft furnished by Microsoft itself in its internal e-mail and other records that proved?
What did California's attorney general say?''
Who said, ``California is so impacted by the colossus of Microsoft''?
Who said, ``so many businesses were impacted and felt that their competitive opportunities were smothered''?
What is this, ``In a lot of ways''?
What was Joel Klein?
When _ lightning speed for such a complex case?
Who did California's attorney general say expected the decision to ``unleash powerful engines of innovation and consumer benefit?''
What did Boies shy away from?
When did Blumenthal recall?
What did Klein deflect a question to compare the case against Microsoft to?
Who pronounced David Boies ``enormously pleased'' with the decision?
What did Joel Klein exult in?
Who did Microsoft not get to be by shrinking from the battlefield?
What do Joel Klein think was about the evidence?
What did Blumenthal say like Klein?
What did WASHINGTON _ Justice Department lawyers savor a resounding victory Friday evening in against Microsoft?
Who said ``Joel Klein had my shot in the courtroom''?
Who did Richard Blumenthal encourage to say something?
Who was head of the antitrust division?
Who was California's attorney general?
Who asserted that the opinion by federal Judge Thomas Penfield Jackson had portrayed ``a predator that has misused its monopolistic power''?
Who is David Boies?
What was the one that reconfigured the nationwide telephone system?
What is Posner chief judge of?
Who was Thomas Penfield Jackson?
Where do Antitrust experts expect that Posner will try to deliver a sobering helping of reality?
Who is Richard Posner?
What are scheduled for Feb. 22 before Jackson at U. S. District Court in Washington?
What have the government and Microsoft been summoned to on Tuesday for their first round of settlement talks under Richard Posner?
When do Thomas Penfield Jackson not think at the time?
What do Antitrust experts expect to?
Who do they predict will tell the government and states that their hand is as strong as it will ever be that it violated the law?
What did Thomas Penfield Jackson tell lawyers for the two sides in a meeting last Thursday?
What could the law sharply increase to class-action lawsuits?
If a settlement is reached, what will most likely happen in the next two months or not at all?
Who is chief judge of the 7th U. S. Circuit Court of Appeals in Chicago?
Who are final oral arguments in the case scheduled for Feb. 22 before at U. S. District Court in Washington?
What are the mediation talks the government and Microsoft under?
What do they predict he will tell the government and states that their hand is as strong as it will ever be?
Who is regarded as both an antitrust expert and a brilliant jurist?
When do I not think he is going to be prepared to waste a whole lot of time if it looks from the outset that it's not promising?
Who is not an arbiter?
Who was the trial judge for the Microsoft case?
What predict he will tell the government and states that their hand is as strong as it will ever be that it violated the law?
When was the suit filed?
What do they predict?
What are final oral arguments in the case scheduled for Feb. 22 before Jackson at?
What could sharply increase its vulnerability to class-action lawsuits?
What are the mediation talks themselves?
What is Posner serving as a mediator for?
What are the mediation talks the government and Microsoft?
What have been summoned to Chicago on Tuesday for their first round of settlement talks under Richard Posner?
What do Antitrust experts expect that Posner will try to deliver a sobering helping of reality to?
When are final oral arguments in the case scheduled before Jackson at U. S. District Court in Washington?
What do they predict he will tell the government and states that their hand is as strong as it will ever be that it violated?
Who is the federal appeals court judge?
Who is the mediator?
Who did Thomas Penfield Jackson tell that he had asked Posner to mediate in a meeting last Thursday?
What is it hit with?
Who told lawyers for the two sides that he had asked Posner to mediate in a meeting last Thursday?
What was filed in May 1998?
What are the mediation talks themselves under?
What do Antitrust experts expect that Posner will try to deliver a sobering helping of to both sides?
Who predict he will tell the government and states that their hand is as strong as it will ever be that it violated the law?
Who expect that Posner will try to deliver a sobering helping of reality to both sides?
When have the government and Microsoft been summoned to Chicago for their first round of settlement talks under Richard Posner?
What stalled?
What have the government and Microsoft been summoned to Chicago on Tuesday for?
What are secret deliberations?
What do they predict he will tell that their hand is as strong as it will ever be that it violated the law?
What do they predict he will tell the government and states?
Who is Posner?
Where have the government and Microsoft been summoned on Tuesday for their first round of settlement talks under Richard Posner?
Who did Thomas Penfield Jackson tell lawyers for the two sides that he had asked to mediate in a meeting last Thursday?
What is hit with a final ruling?
Who is Posner regarded as?
What could the law sharply increase its vulnerability to?
Who is expected to quickly assess the chances of any settlement between the two sharply divided sides?
Who is Posner serving as for the settlement talks?
When do I not think at the time?
What are under court rules?
What do Antitrust experts expect that Posner will try to deliver to both sides?
Who is serving as a mediator for the settlement talks?
Where do Antitrust experts expect?
What did Thomas Penfield Jackson tell lawyers for the two sides that he had asked Posner to mediate in?
What did Laurence Lessig state that if a 1998 appeals court ruling in a related case applies in this suit as well, then Microsoft did not engage in?
What does an advocate's brief amplify the arguments of?
What do some antitrust experts say may give Jackson the legal blueprint he needs for concluding that Microsoft did violate tying law?
What did Lessig suggest that tying doctrine had?
What do the Justice Department and 19 states assert that Microsoft did precisely that by bundling the company Explorer browser with?
Who was given a chance at a software tying case?
What do the Justice Department and 19 states assert with?
What do some antitrust experts say the Lessig brief may give Jackson the legal blueprint he needs for concluding?
Who asserts that the browser is not a separate product but an ``integrated feature'' of Windows?
Who protested his participation in the case?
Who say the Lessig brief may give Jackson the legal blueprint he needs for concluding that Microsoft did violate tying law?
What observed that how tying law applies to software was ``unsettled''?
What did the relevant case law tend to deal with?
What did the Microsoft antitrust case add?
What offers a 45-page analysis of one issue: how antitrust law on product ``tying'' should apply to the case?
What is the Lessig brief had been eagerly not?
What did he add?
What did a Harvard legal scholar tell the judge in the Microsoft antitrust case Tuesday?
What did the Microsoft antitrust case add that the 1998 ruling was ?
Who said that if the 1998 case did not apply _ and he raises doubts that it does _ Microsoft might well have violated the law?
What does Microsoft assert?
What did the court filing come at?
Who was Herbert Hovenkamp?
What did Lessig say?
Who was a professor at the University of Iowa law school?
What assert that Microsoft did precisely that by bundling its Internet Explorer browser with its Windows operating system?
Who suggested that tying doctrine had a hard time dealing with software?
What do the Justice Department and 19 states assert that Microsoft did precisely with?
Who was the court filing written by?
What did a Harvard legal scholar then proceed to provide?
Who said, ``Lessig's brief supplies the judge with a sensible rationale for finding there were two products and a tying violation''?
What was written by Laurence Lessig, a legal scholar and software expert?
What did he then proceed to provide?
Who observed that how tying law applies to software was ``unsettled''?
What will probably provide each side with some legal ammunition?
What amplifyes the arguments of one side or the other?
Who did a federal appeals court rule to in 1998?
What did Herbert Hovenkamp say, ``Lessig's brief supplies the judge with a sensible rationale for finding''?
What did a Harvard legal scholar then proceed to provide a legally innovative road map for determining?
What did he add that the 1998 ruling was ?
What did Lessig suggest?
What will the intellectually wide-ranging document probably provide each side with?
What did the Microsoft antitrust case observe to?
What did Lessig not come to in his friend-of-the-court brief?
What did Lessig say that if the 1998 case did not apply _ and he raises doubts that it does _ Microsoft might well have violated?
What did Microsoft protest?
Whose brief is it not?
What did the Lessig brief had been eagerly await by?
What does Microsoft assert that the browser is?
What did Lessig not come to a single conclusion in?
Who was a professor at Harvard law school and a fellow of the Berkman Center for Internet and Society?
What added that the 1998 ruling was ``just one''?
What is it not?
What is not an advocate's brief?
Who then proceeded to provide a legally innovative road map for determining that the bundling strategy violated the law?
What came at the request of Judge Thomas Penfield Jackson?
What will the intellectually wide-ranging document probably provide with some legal ammunition?
What did he state in?
What does it offer?
What does it offer a 45-page analysis of?
Whose brief amplifyes the arguments of one side or the other?
What does an advocate's brief amplify?
Whose brief is the Lessig brief had been eagerly not?
What do the Justice Department and 19 states assert that Microsoft did precisely that by bundling its Internet Explorer browser with?
Who stated that if a 1998 appeals court ruling in a related case applies in this suit as well, then Microsoft did not engage in illegal tying?
Who added that the 1998 ruling was ``just one''?
What was Lessig given?
What did he state that if a 1998 appeals court ruling in a related case applies in this suit as well, then Microsoft did not engage in?
What do some antitrust experts say?
What is guilty of illegal tying if it makes consumers accept a second product as a condition of buying a market-leading product?
What did Laurence Lessig state in?
What did he observe to?
Who did not come to a single conclusion in his friend-of-the-court brief?
What did he then proceed to provide a legally innovative road map for determining?
Who was Lessig?
What tended to deal with physical products like cars and tires?
What awaited by the government, Microsoft and antitrust experts?
What assert that Microsoft did precisely that by bundling the company Explorer browser with its Windows operating system?
Whose arguments did David Boies's counterpart dismiss one of as ``entirely wrong?''
Who were Settlement talks mediated by?
What did David Boies say was based on trying to ``bribe and coerce'' other companies in the computer industry at one point?
What were mediated by Richard Posner?
Who is Richard Posner?
What does WASHINGTON _ In its closing argument in the Microsoft trial, the government said Tuesday that it is ``simply impossible to imagine''?
What did David Boies's counterpart dismiss one of as ``entirely wrong?''
What were Tuesday's presentations?
Who was a Microsoft lawyer?
Who began by saying that Microsoft ``respectfully disagreed'' with a large part of the judge's findings of fact?
What did Microsoft seem to have elements of a loss-limitation strategy in?
What are continuing?
Who is planning to fare better on appeal?
What are expected sometime in the next few months?
What did he then go on to tell Jackson that his ruling might well shape for competition in the high-tech economy?
What do Tuesday's courtroom statements _?
Who was David Boies's counterpart?
Who issued findings of fact last November that supported the government's version of the case in nearly every respect?
What focuses on the company's ``fights with competitors in a highly competitive, fast-moving industry?''
What are the nation's antitrust laws based on?
What were the final attempt by both sides to try to influence Jackson's thinking?
Who does the Microsoft case focus on the company's ``fights with?''
What do Tuesday's courtroom statements _ uncompromising attacks from each side _ only seemed to underline?
Whose counterpart dismissed one of Boies ' arguments as ``entirely wrong?''
What did his counterpart dismiss one of as ``entirely wrong?''
What has Jackson not yet issued his conclusions of?
Who then went on to tell Jackson that his ruling might well shape the ground rules for competition in the high-tech economy?
What does WASHINGTON _ In its closing argument in the Microsoft trial, the government said Tuesday?
What did Judge Thomas Penfield Jackson issue findings of fact last November in?
What are based on the mountains of courtroom evidence?
What did David Boies say in at one point?
What has Jackson not yet issued?
Who said Microsoft's business strategy was based on trying to ``bribe and coerce'' other companies in the computer industry at one point?
What did David Boies say Microsoft's business strategy was based on trying to ``bribe and coerce'' other companies in the computer industry at?
How many sides remain divided?
What did Microsoft seem to have elements of in its courtroom presentation?
Who is chief judge of the federal appeals court in Chicago?
When are law expected?
What is sitting on a big lead?
Who opened his remarks by stressing that the Supreme Court has long recognized that antitrust cases are ``especially fact-based cases?''
What did Boies open his remarks by stressing that the Supreme Court has long recognized?''
Who is trying to limit a big lead's losses in Jackson's court?
What did Boies open his remarks by stressing?''
Who did he then go on to tell that his ruling might well shape the ground rules for competition in the high-tech economy?
What did Boies open by stressing that the Supreme Court has long recognized that antitrust cases are ``especially fact-based cases?''
Whose business strategy did David Boies say in at one point?
What was John Warden?
Who was the Justice Department's lead trial lawyer?
What did he then go on to tell Jackson that his ruling might well shape the ground rules for?
Who was David Boies?
What did Warden begin by saying that Microsoft ``respectfully disagreed'' with?
Whose arguments did his counterpart dismiss one of as ``entirely wrong?''
What did he then go on to tell Jackson for?
Who seemed to have elements of a loss-limitation strategy in the government?
What does the Microsoft case focus on with competitors in a highly competitive, fast-moving industry?''
What does WASHINGTON _ In?
What did his counterpart dismiss as ``entirely wrong?''
Who is trying to change the subject with such arguments in the government's view?
What did Microsoft seem to have in the government?
Who was his counterpart?
What is Richard Posner chief judge of?
What _ uncompromising attacks from each side _ only seemed to underline the gap between the government and Microsoft?
Who seemed to have elements of a loss-limitation strategy in its courtroom presentation?
What did David Boies's counterpart dismiss as ``entirely wrong?''
What dismissed one of Boies ' arguments as ``entirely wrong?''
Who was John Warden?
What did Microsoft seem to have in its courtroom presentation?
What encourages competition even when that rough-and-tumble competition hurts a company's rivals?
Whose counterpart was John Warden?
What is the government sitting on?
Who has not yet issued his conclusions of law?
Who is trying to limit its losses in Jackson's court?
Whose business strategy did David Boies say was based on trying to ``bribe and coerce'' other companies in the computer industry at one point?
What did Microsoft seem to have elements of in the government?
What do Tuesday's courtroom statements _ _ only seemed to underline the gap between the government and Microsoft?
What remain divided?
What did Warden begin by saying with a large part of the judge's findings of fact?
What does antitrust doctrine encourage?
What is Microsoft trying to change the subject with such arguments in?
What were the Justice Department and 19 states suing Microsoft Corp. playing a stong hand after Judge Thomas Penfield Jackson issued findings of fact last November in?
Who noted that the ``SPA and SIIA management have worked directly against Microsoft on competition issues?''
Who did Herbold note against?''
What did the Software and Information Industry Association file in February on behalf of the Justice Department?
What did the trade group's board vote two years ago to support the government in?
When did the Software and Information Industry Association file a friend-of-the-court brief on behalf of the Justice Department?
What did Microsoft Corp. quit Tuesday after a long-running dispute over the group's support for the government in the Microsoft antitrust case?
What has pushed Microsoft's share price down 25 percent from its 52-week high in recent weeks despite the introduction of its Windows 2000 operating system in February?
What did Herbold say in his letter of resignation?
Who was the Goldman, Sachs & Co. analyst?
What was $92. 875 an increase of?
Who said the association's board's relationship with Microsoft had been ``a difficult one?''
What did Herbold add?
What did Herbold say was increasingly ineffective in his letter of resignation?
Who was the group's president?
What was an increase of 2. 48 percent?
What did Ken Wasch say by in a fiery reply?
Who said its relationship with Microsoft had been ``a difficult one?''
Who did Herbold note that the ``SPA and SIIA management have worked directly against on competition issues?''
Who said the group was increasingly ineffective in Ken Wasch's letter of resignation?
What has the shadow of the antitrust suit pushed Microsoft's share price down 25 percent from its 52-week high in recent weeks despite?
What did Herbold add that Microsoft had come to believe?
What did Ken Wasch say that by quitting, ``Microsoft has again proven that their tactics resemble that of a schoolyard bully'' in?
What is about $8 million?
What did a Goldman, Sachs & Co. analyst release suggesting that settlement talks with the government in the antitrust case ``may be heating up''?
What filed a friend-of-the-court brief in February on behalf of the Justice Department?
Who paid membership fees of $125,000 a year?
What was the Software and Information Industry Association formerly known as?
Whose letter of resignation did Herbold say that the group's membership was ``sagging'' in?
What did the Software and Information Industry Association argue?
What did Herbold say in Ken Wasch's letter of resignation?
What did Herbold say the group was increasingly ineffective in?
Who said the group was increasingly ineffective in his letter of resignation?
What did Herbold say was increasingly ineffective in Ken Wasch's letter of resignation?
What did Wasch say had been ``a difficult one?''
Who was Ken Wasch?
What did the Software and Information Industry Association file a friend-of-the-court brief in February on?
What did Microsoft Corp. quit the nation's oldest and largest software industry trade association Tuesday after?
Who was Rick Sherlund?
Who was a member of the association's board?
What was formerly known as the Software Publishers Association?
What did Herbold say that its membership was ``sagging'' in?
What was Herbold?
What did Herbold say that the group's membership was ``sagging'' in?
What has the shadow of the antitrust suit pushed Microsoft's share price down 25 percent from despite the introduction of its Windows 2000 operating system in February?
Who added that Microsoft had come to believe that was no longer true?
What was $92. 875?
Who released a research memo suggesting that settlement talks with the government in the antitrust case ``may be heating up''?
What was Herbold a member of?
What voted two years ago to support the government in the antitrust case?
What did the stock price fall back to?
What did Microsoft's stock jump more than 5 percent at one point Tuesday after a Goldman, Sachs & Co. analyst released a research memo suggesting?''
What did Wasch reply?''
What did Ken Wasch say that by quitting, ``Microsoft has again proven'' in a fiery reply?
What did Herbold note that the ``SPA and SIIA management have worked directly against Microsoft on?''
What argued that Microsoft had a monopoly in personal computer operating systems and used it to expand its market power?
What fell back to $92. 875?
Who said that by quitting, ``Microsoft has again proven that their tactics resemble that of a schoolyard bully'' in a fiery reply?
What is the trade group's annual budget?
Who said that the group's membership was ``sagging'' in Ken Wasch's letter of resignation?
What did Wasch say?''
What did a Goldman, Sachs & Co. analyst release a research memo suggesting?
Who replied that the Software and Information Industry Association was ``thriving?''
What did the trade group's board vote two years ago to support in the antitrust case?
Whose letter of resignation did Herbold say the group was increasingly ineffective in?
Who said that its membership was ``sagging'' in his letter of resignation?
How many sides had been talking for almost four months?
Who met with lawyers for both sides Tuesday?
What will the federal and state governments propose the remedies, or penalties, want to impose in those hearings?
What did he issue?
Who has told both sides that he will issue a verdict in the case as soon as Tuesday?
What does it remain possible that Microsoft will offer in the next two days?
What had been talking for almost four months?
What will the federal and state governments propose the remedies, or penalties, in those hearings?
What did one official say, ``the end was not nearly enough'' in?
When does the end remain possible that Microsoft will offer a new or modified proposal?
What did officials say Saturday afternoon WASHINGTON _ After reviewing a last-ditch settlement proposal offered by Microsoft Friday night, lawyers for the government concluded?
When has Judge Thomas Penfield Jackson told both sides that he will issue a verdict in the case as soon?
What will the federal and state governments propose they want to impose in those hearings?
What included so much technical detail that it took lawyers hours to decipher it?
What did evening fax to the Justice Department and the 19 state attorneys general who are suing Microsoft as a result on Friday?
When does the end remain possible?
When did evening include so much technical detail that it took to decipher it?
What did one official say, ``it was not nearly enough'' in?
What did two officials say had been scheduled?
What do they face one of in the case: forging agreement between the federal government and 19 state attorneys general on an appropriate remedy between now and then?
What does the end remain possible that Microsoft will offer in the next two days?
How many officials said no new talks had been scheduled?
What did evening include so much technical detail that it took lawyers hours to decipher?
What does no one doubt that Judge Thomas Penfield Jackson will find Microsoft in?
When did it include so much technical detail that it took to decipher it?
Where did one official say, ``it was not nearly enough''?
What did Judge Thomas Penfield Jackson issue?
Who said, ``it was not nearly enough'' in the end?
What did evening fax a several-page settlement offer to as a result on Friday?
What did evening include that it took lawyers hours to decipher it?
What started Nov. 30?
What do the federal and state governments face one of the most difficult tasks in the case: forging between now and then?
What did it include so much technical detail?
Who would discuss the settlement proposal?
What has Judge Thomas Penfield Jackson told that he will issue a verdict in the case as soon as Tuesday?
What did officials say Saturday afternoon WASHINGTON _?
When did Jackson meet with lawyers for both sides?
Where did one official say, ``the end was not nearly enough''?
When included so much technical detail that it took lawyers hours to decipher it?
What does no one doubt that he will find Microsoft in?
What did Jackson give lawyers for the government a week to settle before he issued a verdict?
If Jackson rules in favor of the government this week, who will also set out the procedures and schedule for remedy hearings?
Who said no new talks had been scheduled?
What will the federal and state governments propose the remedies, or penalties, they want to impose in?
Who said, ``the end was not nearly enough'' in the end?
What are likely to collapse?
Who gave them a week to settle the case before he issued a verdict?
If Jackson rules in favor of the government this week, what will he also set out for remedy hearings?
When did the ongoing settlement talks start?
Who did Jackson meet with Tuesday?
What did evening include so much technical detail?
Who gave lawyers for the government a week to settle the case before he issued a verdict?
When had the two sides been talking?
Who issued a verdict?
What has Judge Thomas Penfield Jackson told both sides that he will issue as soon as Tuesday?
What did it include that it took lawyers hours to decipher it?
What doubts that Judge Thomas Penfield Jackson will find Microsoft in broad violation of antitrust law?
When did evening fax a several-page settlement offer to the Justice Department and the 19 state attorneys general who are suing Microsoft as a result?
What does no one doubt in?
When faxed a several-page settlement offer to the Justice Department and the 19 state attorneys general who are suing Microsoft as a result on Friday?
Who will the federal and state governments propose the remedies, or penalties, want to impose in those hearings?
What did Jackson give them a week to settle before he issued a verdict?
When does it remain possible that Microsoft will offer a new or modified proposal?
What remains possible that Microsoft will offer a new or modified proposal in the next two days?
What would none of the state or federal officials involved with the suit discuss?
Who does no one doubt that he will find in broad violation of antitrust law?
What did evening fax a several-page settlement offer to the Justice Department and the 19 state attorneys general who are suing Microsoft as on Friday?
When does it remain possible?
What doubts that he will find Microsoft in broad violation of antitrust law?
What do they face in the case: forging agreement between the federal government and 19 state attorneys general on an appropriate remedy between now and then?
If Jackson rules in favor of the government this week, what will he also set out the procedures and schedule for?
Who does no one doubt that Judge Thomas Penfield Jackson will find in broad violation of antitrust law?
What will propose the remedies, or penalties, they want to impose in those hearings?
What did it include so much technical detail that it took lawyers hours to decipher?
What do they face one of the most difficult tasks in the case: forging between now and then?
What did two officials say?
Who declined to comment?
When has Judge Thomas Penfield Jackson told both sides?
Who did not explicitly embrace the antitrust action?
Who must decide on any enforcement sanctions against the company?
What was Joel Klein head of?
Whose decision will provide the basis for further court hearings _?
Who was Wash.?
Who said, ``It demonstrates once again that no company can refuse to play by the rules, and thwart competition for America's consumers''?
Who said the ruling showed how no company is above the law?
Who do settlement negotiations _ to determine on?
What did Klein say?
Who wrote that Microsoft violated the Sherman Antitrust Act in his ruling?
What did Attorney General Janet Reno say ``Justice Department antitrust officials are pleased that the court agreed with the department that Microsoft abused''?
Who did Attorney General Janet Reno say ``are pleased that the court agreed with the department that Microsoft abused its monopoly power''?
Whose abuses of its monopoly did Connecticut Attorney General Richard Blumenthal urge Jackson to ``adopt remedies that are as far-reaching and fundamental as?''
What said they favored strict sanctions?
What did Federal District Judge Thomas Penfield Jackson write that Microsoft violated the Sherman Antitrust Act in?
What will his decision provide?
What did Attorney General Janet Reno express satisfaction over the ruling at?
Who did Connecticut Attorney General Richard Blumenthal urge to ``adopt remedies that are as far-reaching and fundamental as Microsoft's abuses of its monopoly?''
What did Gore receive when he visited the company's headquarters in Redmond last November?
Who said then that ``the values that are inherent in the antitrust laws are ones that are sound?''
What did she say ``We are pleased that the court agreed with the department that Microsoft abused''?
Who offered little indication of what specific steps government lawyers would recommend to Jackson at a news conference?
What did attorneys general for some of the states that joined in the government's case say favored strict sanctions?
Who did attorneys general for some of the states that joined in the government's case say favored strict sanctions?
Who expressed satisfaction over the ruling at the news conference?
Who received an icy reception when he visited the company's headquarters in Redmond last November?
What did Joel Klein say showed how no company is above the law?
Who was head of the Justice Department's antitrust division?
What did Attorney General Janet Reno say ``with''?
What did the company say?
What did the company say would appeal?
Who urged Jackson to ``adopt remedies that are as far-reaching and fundamental as Microsoft's abuses of its monopoly?''
Whose abuses of Microsoft's monopoly did Connecticut Attorney General Richard Blumenthal urge Jackson to ``adopt remedies that are as far-reaching and fundamental as?''
What did Attorney General Janet Reno express over the ruling at the news conference?
What _ to determine what remedies to impose on Microsoft?
What did a spokesman for Vice President Al Gore say?
What did Attorney General Janet Reno say ``Justice Department antitrust officials are pleased with''?
What did Attorney General Janet Reno say ``Justice Department antitrust officials are pleased that the court agreed with that Microsoft abused its monopoly power''?
What did Connecticut Attorney General Richard Blumenthal urge Jackson to ``adopt remedies that are as far-reaching and fundamental as?''
Who did Gov. George W. Bush of Texas say as?
Who said that Gore had no comment on the ruling?
What did Connecticut Attorney General Richard Blumenthal urge Jackson to ``adopt as Microsoft's abuses of Microsoft's monopoly?''
What did Joel Klein offer at a news conference?
What did Connecticut Attorney General Richard Blumenthal urge Jackson to ``adopt as Microsoft's abuses of its monopoly?''
What did he say the ruling showed above?
Who was the likely Democratic presidential candidate?
What did Joel Klein say the ruling showed above?
What did she say ``We are pleased that the court agreed with the department''?
What did he say above?
What do the decision culminate?
What did Attorney General Janet Reno say ``Justice Department antitrust officials are pleased that the court agreed with the department''?
What said it would appeal?
What did he say showed how no company is above the law?
Who said the ruling would bring positive change?
Who said ``Justice Department antitrust officials are pleased that the court agreed with the department that Microsoft abused its monopoly power''?
What did Justice Department antitrust officials say Monday WASHINGTON _ Ebullient over their legal victory against Microsoft?
Who was Vice President Al Gore?
What did attorneys general for some of the states that joined in the government's case say?
What must Jackson decide on?
What did Klein say would bring positive change?
What did Federal District Judge Thomas Penfield Jackson write that Microsoft violated in his ruling?
What did Attorney General Janet Reno express satisfaction over at the news conference?
What did Gore not explicitly embrace?
What did the case remain in?
Who urged Jackson to ``adopt remedies that are as far-reaching and fundamental as Microsoft's abuses of Microsoft's monopoly?''
What did she say ``with''?
What did she say ``We are pleased that the court agreed with that Microsoft abused its monopoly power''?
What remained in litigation?
What will provide the basis for further court hearings _?
What did Klein say the ruling would bring?
What did Joel Klein offer little indication of what specific steps government lawyers would recommend to Jackson at?
Who said ``We are pleased that the court agreed with the department that Microsoft abused its monopoly power''?
Who did she say ``are pleased that the court agreed with the department that Microsoft abused its monopoly power''?
What did attorneys general for some of the states that joined in the government's case say they favored?
Who did Connecticut Attorney General Richard Blumenthal urge to ``adopt remedies that are as far-reaching and fundamental as Microsoft's abuses of Microsoft's monopoly?''
What was Joel Klein?
What was Redmond?
What did Justice Department antitrust officials say Monday that they would examine possible remedies to put WASHINGTON _ Ebullient over their legal victory against Microsoft?
What did she say ``We are pleased with''?
What did a spokesman for Vice President Al Gore say that Gore had?
What did Federal District Judge Thomas Penfield Jackson write in his ruling?
What was the likely Republican candidate?
What will Federal District Judge Thomas Penfield Jackson's decision provide?
What culminated the Clinton administration's most ambitious antitrust effort?
What did Joel Klein say above?
Who was Texas?
What did it remain in?
When did a federal judge rule WASHINGTON _ Microsoft Corp. violated the nation's antitrust laws through predatory and anticompetitive behavior?
Who seemed to take little solace from prevailing on that point?
What had closed?
What did several experts say?
What overwhelmingly supported that view?
What did Monday's ruling apply the antitrust laws to?
What did Bill Gates not even refer to the one judgment in when he announced that Microsoft would appeal?
Who was Bill Gates?
Who was Thomas Penfield Jackson of U. S. District Court?
Who did not even refer to the one judgment in the company's favor when he announced that Microsoft would appeal?
What collapsed?
Whose findings of fact in the case overwhelmingly supported that view?
Who said that Monday's ruling laid the foundation for a powerful remedy?
What plunged Monday?
Who was the company's chairman?
What did that help fuel?
Who issued his judgment at 5 p. m.?
Who sided with the government on the most important points in its exhaustive antitrust suit?
What did Gates say, ``This ruling turns on its head the reality to''?
What will be decided in a separate proceeding to begin within a few weeks?
Whose stock plunged Monday?
Who did a federal judge rule Monday kept ``an oppressive thumb'' on the scale of competitive fortune?
Where did a federal judge surprise lawyers by ruling for Microsoft in one area?
What did a federal judge rule Monday WASHINGTON _ Microsoft Corp. kept ``an oppressive thumb'' on?
What did the judge side with on the most important points in its exhaustive antitrust suit?
What fell 8 percent?
What did Jackson issue his judgment at?
Who did a federal judge rule Monday violated the nation's antitrust laws through predatory and anticompetitive behavior?
Who ruled Monday WASHINGTON _ Microsoft Corp. kept ``an oppressive thumb'' on the scale of competitive fortune?
What was issued in November?
What did a federal judge surprise lawyers on by ruling for Microsoft in one area?
What did the judge rule at the same time?
What did he surprise lawyers on by ruling for Microsoft in one area?
What came just 48 hours after settlement talks collapsed?
Who range from imposing restrictions on Microsoft's conduct to breaking up the company?
Whose marketing arrangements with other companies to promote Microsoft's Web browser at Netscape's expense did the judge rule at the same time?
What reacted to the failure of the settlement talks and in anticipation of the judgment?
Who ruled Monday WASHINGTON _ Microsoft Corp. violated the nation's antitrust laws through predatory and anticompetitive behavior?
What did senior government officials familiar with the views of the state and federal officers who are pursuing the case say?
What did Gates say, ``This ruling turns on its head the reality that consumers know _ to''?
When was the case issued?
What did the Justice Department and the 19 states pressing the suit contend in?
Who did he surprise on both sides by ruling for Microsoft in one area?
When did a court-appointed mediator announce on Saturday?
What did several experts say that Monday's ruling laid?
What was the judge Thomas Penfield Jackson of?
What did Monday's ruling apply to those findings?
What did the Nasdaq composite index fall?
Who did a federal judge surprise on both sides by ruling for Microsoft in one area?
What did a federal judge rule Monday WASHINGTON _ Microsoft Corp. violated the nation's antitrust laws through?
What will that be decided in to begin within a few weeks?
When did Microsoft's stock plunge?
Whose marketing arrangements with other companies to promote its Web browser at Netscape's expense did the judge rule at the same time?
What did the judge side with the government on the most important points in?
What applied the antitrust laws to those findings?
Whose stock reacted to the failure of the settlement talks and in anticipation of the judgment?
What did Jackson's findings of fact in the case overwhelmingly support?
Who said that many were interested in requesting a breakup?
What did Microsoft seem to take from prevailing on that point?
What had been made?
What did Jackson issue at 5 p. m.?
When did a federal judge rule WASHINGTON _ Microsoft Corp. kept ``an oppressive thumb'' on the scale of competitive fortune?
What did the judge side with the government on in its exhaustive antitrust suit?
What did Bill Gates not even refer to in the company's favor when he announced that Microsoft would appeal?
Where did he surprise lawyers by ruling for Microsoft in one area?
Who was the judge?
What helped fuel a broad decline in the Nasdaq composite index?
What did a federal judge rule Monday WASHINGTON _ Microsoft Corp. violated through predatory and anticompetitive behavior?
Who surprised lawyers on both sides by ruling for Microsoft in one area?
What contended that Microsoft had hurt consumers by stifling competition in the software marketplace, particularly at the expense of the Netscape browser?
When did a court-appointed mediator announce that, the gulf between the two sides remained unbridgeable on Saturday?
Who is Thomas Penfield Jackson?
Who is the judge?
Who said it ``relies on statements made before Microsoft had engaged in the numerous illegal acts found in the current case''?
Who can decide whether to approve public comment?
Who does the nine-page brief risk irritating?
What stated that all of the previous breakups have been a result of settlements of antitrust suits among them?
Who wrote, ``For all its sophistry in discussing the case law, the government fails to identify a single precedent for its radical breakup proposal''?
Who did not ask for another filing from Microsoft when he laid out the schedule for the remedy phase of the case?
What was disparaging executives argued that Microsoft ought to be broken up instead?
What did the company state that the courts have never broken up for antitrust violations among them?
Who had engaged in the numerous illegal acts found in the current case?
Who was the Microsoft spokesman?
What was the document part of from an older antitrust case against Microsoft?
What did the Justice Department not respond to?
What stated that all of the previous breakups have been a result of settlements of antitrust suits among several legal arguments?
What did the company state that all of the previous breakups have been among several legal arguments?
What stated that the courts have never broken up a company for antitrust violations among several legal arguments?
Who also repeated several legal arguments it had made previously?
Who also repeated several legal arguments the Justice Department had made previously?
When was Microsoft resolved?
What was disparaging executives called the proposed settlement inadequate?
Who responded with the schedule for the remedy phase of the case's own proposal while denouncing the government's plan?
What did a lawyer who is close to the government's current case say on?
What was the legal document quoted in the Microsoft brief taken from against Microsoft?
Who was Jim Cullinan?
What filed a reply to Microsoft's brief?
What did not respond to Microsoft's filing?
What was taken from the court record of the Justice Department's first antitrust suit against Microsoft?
What stated that the courts have never broken up a company for antitrust violations among them?
What did Microsoft also repeat the Justice Department had made previously?
What did the Justice Department say was ``a cosmetic remedy'' of no real worth?
What was settled when Microsoft accepted several behavioral restrictions?
What did the company state that the courts have never broken up for antitrust violations among several legal arguments?
What did a Microsoft spokesman say the company ``believes for?''
What said the company's proposal was ``a cosmetic remedy'' of no real worth?
What did the Justice Department file a reply to?
What did the company state among several legal arguments?
Who did the company state that the courts have never broken up a company for antitrust violations among?
What was a short list of narrow restrictions on its behavior?
What was its own proposal a short list of?
What did the company state that all of the previous breakups have been a result of among several legal arguments?
What did the company state that the courts have never broken up a company for among several legal arguments?
What did the company state that the courts have never broken up a company for antitrust violations among?
What must any settlement of an antitrust suit be put up for public comment before the judge can decide under a law known as the Tunney Act?
What did the company state among them?
What filed the brief Microsoft quoted Monday?
What did the Justice Department say?
What found in the long antitrust trial under the schedule set by Jackson in April?
Who can decide whether to approve it?
Who did the company state that all of the previous breakups have been a result of settlements of antitrust suits among?
What did Microsoft respond with while denouncing the government's plan?
What did the company state for among several legal arguments?
What was the document part of the public record from?
What risks irritating the judge?
What did the company state that all of the previous breakups have been among them?
What did the Justice Department file to Microsoft's brief?
What did last Wednesday say was ``a cosmetic remedy'' of no real worth?
What did the Justice Department say the company's proposal was?
What did Microsoft cite documents?
What must any settlement of an antitrust suit be put up for before the judge can decide whether to approve it under a law known as the Tunney Act?
What did the Justice Department file?
What was to have been the last filing?
What did the company state for among them?
Who was the legal document quoted in the Microsoft brief taken from the court record of the Justice Department's first antitrust suit against?
What did Microsoft also repeat it had made previously?
What did Microsoft repeatedly violate after the previous proceeding?
What must be put up for public comment before the judge can decide whether to approve it under a law known as the Tunney Act?
When said the company's proposal was ``a cosmetic remedy'' of no real worth?
What did last Wednesday say the company's proposal was?
What was Microsoft?
What was the document from an older antitrust case against Microsoft?
Whose filing did the Justice Department not respond to?
What did Microsoft also repeat several legal arguments had made previously?
Who responded with its own proposal while denouncing the government's plan?
What was part of the public record from an older antitrust case against Microsoft?
What gives Microsoft the final word before a hearing on Wednesday?
What did the Justice Department respond to?
Who was resolved in 1995?
What had Microsoft engaged in?
What did the company state that all of the previous breakups have been a result of among them?
What did the company state that all of the previous breakups have been a result of settlements of antitrust suits among?
What did Thomas Penfield Jackson not ask for when he laid out the schedule for the remedy phase of the case?
What did the Justice Department say the company's proposal was ``a cosmetic remedy'' of?
Who repeatedly violated the law after the previous proceeding?
What did Microsoft repeatedly violate the law after?
What must any settlement of an antitrust suit be put up for public comment before the judge can decide whether to approve it under?
What was the schedule for the remedy phase of the case's own proposal a short list of?
Who was the Justice Department's first suit against the company?
What responded to those public comments?
What did last Wednesday say?
Whose brief did the Justice Department file a reply to?
Who cited the old Justice Department documents?
What did the company state that the courts have never broken up a company for among them?
Who said the Justice Department ``relies on statements made before Microsoft had engaged in the numerous illegal acts found in the current case''?
What did a Microsoft spokesman say for?''
What can the judge decide?
What was its own proposal?
What did Microsoft cite?
What did Microsoft also repeat several legal arguments?
What did last Wednesday say the company's proposal was ``a cosmetic remedy'' of?
What was the schedule for the remedy phase of the case's own proposal?
What did John Warden say in court on May 24?
What did lawyers interpret?
What would also put in place almost immediately a wide range of remedies intended to modify Microsoft's conduct while the breakup is being carried out?
Whose comments would delay all of the remedies?
What do the company's response heavily revised the government proposal _ gutting in fact?
What did John Warden say the company wanted an opportunity to ``comment on the form of the proposed decree prior to its entry'' in?
What would Microsoft's comments delay?
What would one hold the Windows operating systems for for spreadsheet calculations?
What did Jackson give the government until Monday to respond, and Microsoft until Wednesday to file?
What do the company's response heavily revised the government proposal _ gutting fact in?
What asked U. S. District Court Judge Thomas Penfield Jackson Thursday for an opportunity to reply to Microsoft's comments on the government's remedy proposal?
Who was a Microsoft lawyer?
Who would Microsoft's comments modify most of?
What asked him Thursday for an opportunity to reply to Microsoft's comments on the government's remedy proposal?
What _ gutting it in fact?
Whose comments would modify most of them?
What did Jackson give until Monday to respond, and Microsoft until Wednesday to file a counter response?
What is being carried out?
What did lawyers interpret that to mean that Microsoft did not intend to make?
What would Microsoft's comments delay all of?
What would the proposal also put in place almost immediately?
What did John Warden say wanted an opportunity to ``comment on the form of the proposed decree prior to its entry'' in court on May 24?
What would Microsoft's comments modify?
What would the proposal also put in place almost immediately a wide range of?
What would one hold the Windows operating systems for word processing and Excel for?
Who had planned to issue his final ruling?
What would modify most of them?
Who said the company wanted an opportunity to ``comment on the form of the proposed decree prior to its entry'' in court on May 24?
What would Microsoft's comments modify most of?
Who did the Justice Department and 17 state attorneys general propose to break into two companies?
What do the company's response heavily revised the government proposal _ gutting it in?
Who was John Warden?
What proposed to break Microsoft into two companies?
Whose final ruling was widely expected to call for a breakup of the company, Thursday or Friday?
Who interpreted that to mean that Microsoft did not intend to make substantive changes?
What would the proposal also put in almost immediately a wide range of remedies intended to modify Microsoft's conduct while the breakup is being carried out?
What _ gutting fact in fact?
What did Jackson give the government until Monday to until Wednesday to file a counter response?
When did Jackson give the government until Monday to respond, and Microsoft to file a counter response?
What would delay all of the remedies?
What did lawyers interpret that to mean?
What would one hold for word processing and Excel for spreadsheet calculations?
What had U. S. District Court Judge Thomas Penfield Jackson planned to issue?
What was widely expected to call for a breakup of the company, Thursday or Friday?
What did John Warden say the company wanted in court on May 24?
When did Jackson give the government to respond, and Microsoft until Wednesday to file a counter response?
What did the Justice Department ask him Thursday for?
What did the Justice Department and 17 state attorneys general propose to break Microsoft into?
Who gave the government until Monday to respond, and Microsoft until Wednesday to file a counter response?
What did the Justice Department ask U. S. District Court Judge Thomas Penfield Jackson Thursday for?
Whose comments would modify most of all of the remedies?
Where would the proposal also put almost immediately a wide range of remedies intended to modify Microsoft's conduct while the breakup is being carried out?
What would modify most of all of the remedies?
What would hold the Windows operating systems for word processing and Excel for spreadsheet calculations?
What did George A. Hay say, ``Thursday reminds people''?
Where is it?
What were the antitrust concepts like?
Who said, ``Thursday reminds people that there are antitrust laws out there''?
What did Moglen say ``on''?
Who added that the judge in the Microsoft case thought Jackson had worked to try to protect the decisions from being overturned?
What did they say had made it more difficult for Microsoft to suggest that the computer industry ought to be given more leeway than traditional businesses under antitrust law?
Who said the decision that Windows and the browser were two products illegally tied together could be vulnerable in an appeal?
What is it in?
What did Moglen add that the judge in the Microsoft case thought?
Who said he took some risks but grounded his ruling in fundamental principles governing fair competition?
What did the judge say in that Microsoft had maintained its dominance by keeping ``an oppressive thumb on the scale of competitive fortune?''
Who had decided it abused its monopoly power?
Who said ``He was as orthodox on antitrust issues as he could possibly be''?
What was on that issue that the federal appeals court in Washington overruled Jackson in an earlier phase of the company's battle with the government?
What did some experts say might overturn that decision and could order new hearings?
Who said the company's sense that it was the victim of an injustice was a familiar defense?
Who said ``the judge in the Microsoft case was as orthodox on antitrust issues as he could possibly be''?
What did several of the legal experts say that the computer age might require to some antitrust concepts?
What did they say the actions of the judge had made it more difficult for Microsoft to suggest than?
What did some of the experts say?
Who was a professor at Columbia Law School?
Who praised Jackson for refusing to be drawn into that approach?
What gave the judge in the Microsoft case saying he took some risks but grounded his ruling in fundamental principles governing fair competition?
What had the judge in the Microsoft case decided some lesser remedy abused?
What did the company's chairman say it was into ``a marketplace that has been an engine of economic growth for America?''
What did some of the experts say the judge's emphasis on traditional antitrust principles could blunt Microsoft's public efforts to suggest that the Justice Department was overstepping?
Whose emphasis on traditional antitrust principles did some of the experts say?
What did several experts say was his treatment of Microsoft's Windows operating system and its Web browser as two separate products that it had illegally tied together?
If, as Microsoft urged what should its Web browser more correctly have been viewed as an innovation that enhanced Windows might be vulnerable on?
What is in the high-tech field?
What did Moglen say ``the judge in the Microsoft case was as orthodox on as he could possibly be''?
Who said, ``It is very hard to second-guess him''?
What did Eben Moglen say could be vulnerable in an appeal?
What did elhauge of Harvard say the company's sense that the company was the victim of an injustice was?
What did the company's chairman say it was an ``unwarranted intrusion'' into?''
Who did Goetz praise for refusing to be drawn into that approach?
What did they say that the computer age might require adjustments to?
Who said Jackson's decision on Wednesday had to be viewed in the context of his earlier findings?
If, as Microsoft urged what should the company's Web browser more correctly have been viewed as an innovation on?
Who said ``to distinguish this case from traditional antitrust cases because it is in the high-tech field ``There has been an attempt by Microsoft''?
What is the Microsoft case in?
Where is the Microsoft case?
What did George A. Hay say, ``It reminds people''?
What did the company's chairman say the company was into ``a marketplace that has been an engine of economic growth for America?''
What did legal experts say?
What were traditional antitrust principles like?
What Microsoft to suggest that the computer industry ought to be given than traditional businesses under antitrust law?
What Microsoft to suggest than?
What are the heart of the legal system's effort to keep commercial markets competitive?
What did some of the experts say could blunt Microsoft's public efforts to suggest that the Justice Department was overstepping the appropriate bounds of antitrust enforcement?
Who did Moglen add that he thought had worked to try to protect the decisions from being overturned?
What did Moglen say ``He was as orthodox on as he could possibly be''?
What can a company that has a dominant product not take by requiring customers to buy another product under antitrust rules?
What had the judge in the Microsoft case decided?
What did he say have proved difficult to police?
What did Goetz say ``to distinguish this case from traditional antitrust cases because it is in the high-tech field ?
Who had decided some lesser remedy abused its monopoly power?
What did the company's chairman say was an ``unwarranted intrusion'' into ``a marketplace that has been an engine of economic growth for America?''
Who was George A. Hay?
What did the judge say in an earlier ruling that Microsoft had maintained by keeping ``an oppressive thumb on the scale of competitive fortune?''
What was about?
What did Eben Moglen say in?
What did several of the legal experts say Thursday that they saw?
What had he decided abused its monopoly power?
Who said the company was an ``unwarranted intrusion'' into ``a marketplace that has been an engine of economic growth for America?''
When was it on that issue that the federal appeals court in Washington overruled Jackson?
What has the company suggested that the suit was to Microsoft?
What did they say than?
Who was charged with engaging in very costly attempts to try to prevent competition from those products?
What was it on that the federal appeals court in Washington overruled Jackson in an earlier phase of the company's battle with the government?
What cannot take advantage of its dominance by requiring customers to buy another product under antitrust rules?
Who said, ``It reminds people that there are antitrust laws out there''?
Who did give high marks Thursday for his handling of the case saying he took some risks but grounded his ruling in fundamental principles governing fair competition?
What said that the computer age might require adjustments to some antitrust concepts?
Who praised Jackson for focusing on Microsoft's competitive style?
What did some of the experts say the judge's emphasis on traditional antitrust principles could blunt Microsoft's public efforts to suggest?
What did the judge say in an earlier ruling on?''
Whose decision on Wednesday did Einer Elhauge say had to be viewed in the context of his earlier findings?
What did several experts say?
Who was a professor of antitrust law at Harvard Law School?
What did Jackson make?
What Microsoft to suggest that the computer industry ought to be given more leeway than under antitrust law?
What can a company that has a dominant product not take advantage of its dominance by requiring customers to buy another product under?
What did elhauge of Harvard say?
Who was Bill Gates?
What said he took some risks but grounded his ruling in fundamental principles governing fair competition?
What did high marks Thursday for the judge in the Microsoft case's handling of the case say?
What did they say to?
Who continued, ``But mere fast change is not the issue''?
What are evidence of intimidation or efforts at collusion the heart of competitive?
If those findings are accepted what does the conclusion to order a breakup appear ``entirely sensible'' under?
Who said the judge in the Microsoft case took some risks but grounded his ruling in fundamental principles governing fair competition?
Who was the company's chairman?
Who said that the computer age might require adjustments to some antitrust concepts?
Who did Goetz praise for focusing on Microsoft's competitive style?
What did Moglen add that he thought Jackson had worked to try to protect from being overturned?
If, as Microsoft urged what should more correctly have been viewed as an innovation that enhanced Windows might be vulnerable on appeal?
What was Einer Elhauge a professor of at Harvard Law School?
If those findings are accepted what appears ``entirely sensible'' under legal precedents?
What is going to be very hard for an appeals court to second-guess him on his factual findings?
If, as Microsoft urged what should its Web browser more correctly have been viewed as that enhanced Windows might be vulnerable on appeal?
Who said the company's sense that the company was the victim of an injustice was a familiar defense?
Who was it on that issue that the federal appeals court in Washington overruled in an earlier phase of the company's battle with the government?
What did high marks Thursday for his handling of the case say?
Whose decision on Wednesday did Einer Elhauge say in?
Whose treatment of Microsoft's Windows operating system and Microsoft's Web browser as two separate products did several experts say?
What did Goetz say ``to distinguish this case from because it is in the high-tech field ``There has been an attempt by Microsoft''?
What did Moglen add that he thought?
Who was Einer Elhauge?
What did elhauge of Harvard say was a familiar defense?
What did several of the legal experts say Thursday?
What had he decided it abused?
If, as Microsoft urged what should the company's Web browser more correctly have been viewed as that enhanced Windows might be vulnerable on appeal?
When was it on that issue?
Who did Moglen say ``was as orthodox on antitrust issues as he could possibly be''?
Who said lesser remedies like orders to monopoly companies to cease abusive tactics have proved difficult to police?
Who was a professor of antitrust law at Cornell Law School?
What did give the judge in the Microsoft case high marks Thursday for his handling of the case saying?
What did Einer Elhauge say Jackson's decision on Wednesday had to be viewed in?
What did Moglen add that the judge in the Microsoft case thought Jackson had worked to try to protect from being overturned?
Who did Moglen add that the judge in the Microsoft case thought had worked to try to protect the decisions from being overturned?
Who has the company suggested to?
Who did legal experts say took some risks but grounded his ruling in fundamental principles governing fair competition?
What did Einer Elhauge say have proved difficult to police?
What did Einer Elhauge say in?
What did several experts say one of Jackson's legally risky decisions was Einer Elhauge's treatment of that it had illegally tied together?
Who was Thomas Penfield Jackson?
Who was Eben Moglen?
Who has the company suggested that the suit was an anti-capitalist attack that would be harmful not just to?
What did several experts say one of Jackson's legally risky decisions was his treatment of Microsoft's Windows operating system and its Web browser as two separate products?
What had the judge in the Microsoft case decided abused its monopoly power?
What did Einer Elhauge say had to be viewed in the context of his earlier findings?
Who made extensive efforts to portray his approach as consistent with the law?
If, as Microsoft urged what should its Web browser more correctly have been viewed as an innovation on?
What were like the question of whether an operating system and a Web browser are really separate products?
What are evidence of intimidation or efforts at collusion competitive?
What did Moglen add?
What did Goetz say ``to distinguish from traditional antitrust cases because it is in the high-tech field ``There has been an attempt by Microsoft''?
What did the company's chairman say into?''
Who said it was an ``unwarranted intrusion'' into ``a marketplace that has been an engine of economic growth for America?''
Who added that he thought Jackson had worked to try to protect the decisions from being overturned?
What did several experts say one of Jackson's legally risky decisions was that it had illegally tied together?
Who did high marks Thursday for his handling of the case say took some risks but grounded his ruling in fundamental principles governing fair competition?
What did elhauge of Harvard say the company's sense that it was the victim of an injustice was?
What did several experts say one of Jackson's legally risky decisions was his treatment of that it had illegally tied together?
Who said in an earlier ruling that Microsoft had maintained its dominance by keeping ``an oppressive thumb on the scale of competitive fortune?''
What was George A. Hay a professor of at Cornell Law School?
What has suggested that the suit was an anti-capitalist attack that would be harmful not just to Microsoft?
Who said appeals courts might overturn that decision and could order new hearings?
What did several of the legal experts say to?
What did several of the legal experts say that the computer age might require adjustments to?
What did they say that the computer age might require to some antitrust concepts?
What did Goetz say ``to distinguish this case from traditional antitrust cases because it is in the high-tech field ``There has been''?
If, as Microsoft urged what should the company's Web browser more correctly have been viewed as an innovation that enhanced Windows might be vulnerable on?
Who could possibly be?
What Microsoft to suggest that the computer industry ought to be given more leeway than traditional businesses under?
What did he say lesser remedies like orders to monopoly companies to cease abusive tactics have proved difficult to?
Who was the judge?
What did the company's chairman say the company was an ``unwarranted intrusion'' into?''
What did some experts say?
What did Einer Elhauge say lesser remedies like orders to monopoly companies to cease abusive tactics have proved difficult to?
What can a company that has a dominant product not take advantage of by requiring customers to buy another product under antitrust rules?
What to suggest that the computer industry ought to be given more leeway than traditional businesses under antitrust law?
What were like rules against intimidation by monopolies?
What did Eben Moglen say the decision that Windows and the browser were two products illegally tied together could be vulnerable in?
What had he decided?
What was Intuit Inc. maker of?
What did Netscape Communication Corp. write to the Justice Department last month asking to examine possible antitrust violations in the marketing and distribution of Microsoft's Internet Explorer software?
Who wrote to the Justice Department last month asking regulators to examine possible antitrust violations in the marketing and distribution of Microsoft's Internet Explorer software?
What has Microsoft been in the past years?
Whose product did last month say to?''
What did a Justice Department spokesman confirm Thursday?
What reported today?
When did Netscape Communication Corp. write to the Justice Department asking regulators to examine possible antitrust violations in the marketing and distribution of Microsoft's Internet Explorer software?
What did Netscape Communication Corp. write to the Justice Department last month asking regulators to examine?
Who has been the focus of antitrust investigations in the past years?
What did the Justice Department oppose?
Who had to pay Intuit 46. 2 million dollars for the trouble?
Who said Thursday that ``the facts will show that Microsoft is competing vigorously and legally?''
What is Microsoft based in?
Who was Netscape Communication Corp.?
When did a Justice Department spokesman confirm that an ongoing investigation's continuing?
What did a Justice Department spokesman confirm Thursday that we have?
What opposed Microsoft's planned 2-billion-dollar purchase of Intuit Inc.?
Who confirmed Thursday that we have an ongoing investigation?
When has Microsoft been the focus of antitrust investigations?
What are more and more fierce and complicated?
When has the U. S. government strengthened its antitrust efforts as the market competitions are more and more fierce and complicated?
Who did the Justice Department oppose Microsoft's planned 2-billion-dollar purchase of?
Who was Intuit Inc.?
Who confirmed Thursday that an ongoing investigation's continuing?
Whose major rival in the U. S. market for software was Netscape Communication Corp.?
What has strengthened its antitrust efforts in recent years as the market competitions are more and more fierce and complicated?
When did a Justice Department spokesman confirm that we have an ongoing investigation?
Whose product did it say to?''
When did a Justice Department spokesman confirm that it's continuing?
Who did last month say to?''
Who did it say to?''
Who dismissed those claims as ``wide and untrue?''
Whose planned 2-billion-dollar purchase of Intuit Inc. did the Justice Department oppose?
What has Microsoft been the focus of in the past years?
Who was maker of Quicken personal finance software?
What did Microsoft dismiss as ``wide and untrue?''
When did U. S. newspapers report?
When did Microsoft Senior Vice President William H. Neukom say that ``the facts will show that Microsoft is competing vigorously and legally?''
Who confirmed Thursday that it's continuing?
Who was Microsoft's major rival in the U. S. market for software?
What did Microsoft Senior Vice President William H. Neukom say Thursday that ``the facts will show?''
Who is based in Redmond of Washington?
What did Microsoft have to pay Intuit 46. 2 million dollars for?
What has the U. S. government strengthened in recent years as the market competitions are more and more fierce and complicated?
What did Netscape Communication Corp. write to last month asking regulators to examine possible antitrust violations in the marketing and distribution of Microsoft's Internet Explorer software?
Who originally planned to ship its new Windows 98 operating system in PC to retailers Friday?
What did Microsoft originally put on shelves of computer stores on June 25?
If they proceed, what could the suits be among?
When did Microsoft originally put it on shelves of computer stores?
When did Microsoft originally put on shelves of computer stores on June 25?
What has agreed to hold back on the shipment of Windows 98 while settlement talks with the U. S. Department of Justice and state attorneys generals are still under way?
What would its critics like to see block the planned public release?
What did sources who reached the public Thursday morning say?
What would its critics like to see a court block?
Who did NBC News report Wednesday that the Justice Department and at least 19 states plan to file historic antitrust cases Thursday against?
Who did NBC News report Wednesday against?
What would Friday's critics like to see block the planned public release?
Who originally planned to ship NBC News's new Windows 98 operating system in PC to retailers Friday?
What has NEW YORK agreed to hold back on while settlement talks with the U. S. Department of Justice and state attorneys generals are still under way?
What is May 14-- Microsoft Corp.?
What did Microsoft originally plan to ship NBC News's new Windows 98 operating system in to retailers Friday?
If the U. S. Department of Justice and state attorneys generals proceed, what could the suits be among?
What did Microsoft originally plan to ship its new Windows 98 operating system in to retailers Friday?
Who originally put it on shelves of computer stores on June 25?
Who originally put Friday on shelves of computer stores on June 25?
When did NBC News report that the Justice Department and at least 19 states plan to file historic antitrust cases Thursday against Microsoft?
What are still under way?
What is said?
Who did Microsoft originally plan to ship NBC News's new Windows 98 operating system in PC to Friday?
Who would like to see a court block the planned public release?
What are settlement talks with the U. S. Department of Justice and state attorneys generals still under?
What did Microsoft originally put it on on June 25?
What did sources who reached the public Thursday morning say that the parties held the 11th negotiations earlier Thursday concerning?
If they proceed, what could be among the biggest corporate challenges in history?
What reported Wednesday that the Justice Department and at least 19 states plan to file historic antitrust cases Thursday against Microsoft?
Who is making a last minute offer to settle the charges?
When did Microsoft originally put Friday on shelves of computer stores?
Who did Microsoft originally plan to ship its new Windows 98 operating system in PC to Friday?
What is the company purposely embedded a Web brower into the new software which they claim designed to enslave the entire Internet-using public to Microsoft's will to?
What would Friday's critics like to see a court block?
Who is the company purposely embedded a Web brower into the new software which they claim designed to enslave the entire Internet-using public to Microsoft's will to?
Who said that the parties held the 11th negotiations earlier Thursday concerning a major Sherman Antitrust case that was about to be launched against the software giant?
What is Microsoft Corp. making?
What did Microsoft originally put Friday on on June 25?
What is designed to enslave the entire Internet-using public to Microsoft's will to them?
When is NEW YORK?
If the U. S. Department of Justice and state attorneys generals proceed, what could be among the biggest corporate challenges in history?
What is Microsoft based at?
Who did the other which was carried by Los Angeles Times say that consumers would be if the government wins?
What did the federal government and 20 states kick off?
What said that Microsoft is wrongly targeted?
What was October 19-- Business?
What quoted a Microsoft employee as saying that two articles are all concentrating on our individual jobs?
What kicked off the trial that accused Microsoft of illegal activities?
Who is scheduled to release its quarterly financial results on Tuesday?
What did its Web site on Monday carry in favor of Microsoft?
Where is Microsoft based?
Who is based at Seattle?
What was Washington state?
Who predicted another solid, high-profit quarter?
When is Microsoft scheduled to release Tuesday's quarterly financial results?
What fired off five upbeat, product-oriented press releases and other announcements?
What quoted a Microsoft employee as saying that we are all concentrating on our individual jobs?
What did Computer Reseller News on Monday quote a Microsoft employee as saying on?
Who did Computer Reseller News on Monday quote as saying that only a small number of attorneys and executives are focused on the trial?
What carried two articles in favor of Microsoft?
How many articles did the company's Web site on Monday carry in favor of Microsoft?
Who did Computer Reseller News on Monday quote as saying that we are all concentrating on our individual jobs?
When was LOS ANGELES?
Who is scheduled to release Tuesday's quarterly financial results on Tuesday?
What did its Web site on Monday carry two articles in?
What did the company fire off?
What did analysts predict?
What did the company's Web site on Monday carry in favor of Microsoft?
What did LOS ANGELES seem as usual at?
What quoted a Microsoft employee as saying that only a small number of attorneys and executives are focused on the trial?
When is Microsoft scheduled to release its quarterly financial results?
What did the company's Web site on Monday carry two articles in?
How many articles did its Web site on Monday carry in favor of Microsoft?
What said that consumers would be losers if the government wins?
What seemed as usual at Microsoft headquarters on the first day of the U. S. government's antitrust trial against this software giant?
What did the other which was carried by Los Angeles Times say?
Who did Computer Reseller News on Monday quote as saying that two articles are all concentrating on our individual jobs?
What was Seattle?
How many upbeat, product-oriented press releases and other announcements did the company fire off?
Who have rejected a breakup?
What were separate products as?
What do both sides hope to turn in?
What is considered likely to end up before the Supreme Court?
What has Microsoft already made clear?
If the Justice Department calls for breaking up Microsoft, what would it be the agency's first such action since?
Who said Monday, ``There is nothing in the trial record or in this case that would justify such an extreme and radical remedy''?
What did local press reports say that attorneys for the Justice Department and the 19 states that successfully sued Microsoft for antitrust violations are considering?
What does they say far beyond?
When was WASHINGTON?
What has been scheduled for May 24?
What has until Friday to submit proposed remedies to U. S. District Judge Thomas Penfield Jackson?
When may it ask depending on the remedies requested?
What has Microsoft already made clear that it will appeal?
What does Microsoft officials say far beyond?
Who has until May 10 to respond to the government's proposal?
What have rejected a breakup?
What does they say that such a remedy reaches far beyond?
What did one report would be to split the company into two or three parts?
What hope to turn in a single proposal?
What did local press reports say?
Who would another alternative be for to divest its popular Office software?
Who has already made clear that the U. S. Justice Department will appeal the ruling against it?
Whose ruling have Microsoft officials said?
What did U. S. District Judge Thomas Penfield Jackson rule on April 3 that Microsoft illegally used Friday's dominance in to hurt competition?
What have the option of filing separate recommendations?
When did U. S. District Judge Thomas Penfield Jackson rule that Microsoft illegally used Friday's dominance in the operating systems market to hurt competition?
What does Microsoft officials say that such a remedy reaches far beyond?
Who ruled on April 3 that Microsoft illegally used its dominance in the operating systems market to hurt competition?
When has a court hearing to consider remedies been scheduled?
Who have said they will appeal Judge Jackson's ruling and expect to prevail?
What does Microsoft have until May 10 to respond to?
When may a court hearing to consider remedies ask depending on the remedies requested?
What does each have until Friday to submit to U. S. District Judge Thomas Penfield Jackson?
Who were WASHINGTON-- Antitrust lawyers from the U. S. Justice Department summoned to the White House Tuesday to?
Who ruled on April 3 that Microsoft illegally used Friday's dominance in the operating systems market to hurt competition?
What reported option would be to split the company into two or three parts?
When does Microsoft have to respond to the government's proposal?
What have they rejected?
What may ask for an extension depending on the remedies requested?
When did U. S. District Judge Thomas Penfield Jackson rule that Microsoft illegally used its dominance in the operating systems market to hurt competition?
Who have Microsoft officials said will appeal Judge Jackson's ruling and expect to prevail?
What have Microsoft officials rejected?
What did U. S. District Judge Thomas Penfield Jackson rule on April 3 that Microsoft illegally used in the operating systems market to hurt competition?
What did U. S. District Judge Thomas Penfield Jackson rule on April 3 that Microsoft illegally used its dominance in the operating systems market to hurt?
How many parts each sold separate products?
What did U. S. District Judge Thomas Penfield Jackson rule on April 3 that Microsoft illegally used Friday's dominance in the operating systems market to hurt?
What were such as the Windows operating system and Internet content?
What came after a 78-day trial that began in October 1998?
What did two or three parts each sell?
What did U. S. District Judge Thomas Penfield Jackson rule on April 3 that Microsoft illegally used its dominance in to hurt competition?
What did U. S. District Judge Thomas Penfield Jackson rule on April 3 in?
What did one report into?
What was April 25?
What do the government and the states have?
What did the ruling come after?
What have Microsoft officials said will appeal Judge Jackson's ruling and expect to prevail?
Who says that such a remedy reaches far beyond the evidence presented in the trail?
What has Microsoft already made clear that the U. S. Justice Department will appeal?
What have Microsoft officials said?
What would be for Microsoft to divest its popular Office software?
When does each have to submit proposed remedies to U. S. District Judge Thomas Penfield Jackson?
What each sold separate products?
Who does each have until Friday to submit proposed remedies to?
What says that such a remedy reaches far beyond the evidence presented in the trail?
Who has already made clear that it will appeal the ruling against it?
What was June 7?
Who has gone along with the government recommendation that the software giant be split in two?
What did the U. S. Justice Department and 17 of the states that sued Microsoft propose after Jackson concluded on April 3 that the firm violated U. S. antitrust law?
What did Jackson cite its failure to comply with a court ruling earlier in the 1990s?
What did several legal experts say they believed the high court would decline to receive on an expedited basis?
What does the Windows system run on?
When was WASHINGTON?
What could the company's appeal bypass process?
What runs on over 80 percent of personal computers?
Who said they believed the high court would decline to receive the case on an expedited basis?
Who cited the past's failure to comply with a court ruling earlier in the 1990s that preceded the antitrust case?
What does the government say that splitting Microsoft would prevent from being used to force companies and consumers to use other Microsoft products?
What is two?
What did Microsoft Chairman Bill Gates say immediately after that the company would appeal?
What would a breakup eventually affect computer users worldwide with?
What did Jackson say in, ``Microsoft is unwilling to accept the notion that it broke the law or accede to an order amending its conduct''?
What could bypass the normal appeals court process?
Who said, ``We have a very strong appeal''?
Who would a breakup eventually affect worldwide with 60 foreign offices and its software used around the world?
What did several legal experts say they believed on?
What would eventually affect computer users worldwide with 60 foreign offices and its software used around the world?
Who says a breakup would harm consumers by preventing it from developing integrated products?
Who agreed to spin off the ``baby bell'' regional phone companies in 1982?
Who said immediately after the ruling that the company would appeal?
What did several legal experts say they believed the high court would decline to receive the case on?
When did Jackson conclude that the firm violated U. S. antitrust law?
Who cited its failure to comply with a court ruling earlier in the 1990s that preceded the antitrust case?
What did several legal experts say believed the high court would decline to receive the case on an expedited basis?
What is one that would sell operating systems, and another that would develop and market Microsoft's popular Office software and Internet properties?
When did Jackson say ``Microsoft has proved untrustworthy''?
Who said ``Microsoft has proved untrustworthy in the past''?
What does Microsoft expect to win on?
Who expects to win on appeal?
What did the U. S. Justice Department and 17 of the states that sued Microsoft propose the split after Jackson concluded on April 3?
What did Jackson cite?
When did Jackson say ?
Who did Jackson say ``has proved untrustworthy in the past''?
What does the government say?
Who did several legal experts say believed the high court would decline to receive the case on an expedited basis?
What does Microsoft say would harm consumers by preventing the government from developing integrated products?
Who says a breakup would harm consumers by preventing the government from developing integrated products?
What says?
What has Microsoft grown to become the world's most valuable software company with annual revenues of over 20 billion U. S. dollars a year since?
What did several legal experts say they believed would decline to receive the case on an expedited basis?
Who does Microsoft say a breakup would harm by preventing the government from developing integrated products?
What says that splitting Microsoft would prevent the Windows system from being used to force companies and consumers to use other Microsoft products?
What did Jackson cite the past's failure to comply with a court ruling earlier in the 1990s?
What did Microsoft Chairman Bill Gates say immediately after the ruling?
What has District Court Judge Thomas Penfield Jackson gone along with?
Who concluded on April 3 that the firm violated U. S. antitrust law?
What did Jackson conclude on April 3?
What could the company's appeal go straight to the Supreme Court under?
What did several legal experts say on?
What did Jackson conclude on April 3 that the firm violated?
What could go straight to the Supreme Court under a mechanism available in major antitrust cases?
Who has grown to become the world's most valuable software company with annual revenues of over 20 billion U. S. dollars a year since its 1975 founding?
What does Microsoft say would harm consumers by preventing it from developing integrated products?
What does Microsoft say?
If the judgment is upheld, what would it be since AT&T agreed to spin off the ``baby bell'' regional phone companies in 1982?
What proposed the split after Jackson concluded on April 3 that the firm violated U. S. antitrust law?
Who does Microsoft say a breakup would harm by preventing it from developing integrated products?
What could the company's appeal go straight to under a mechanism available in major antitrust cases?
