Who did Kamal Kharrazi say after a meeting with his British counterpart does not support it?
What was Robin Cook?
Who was his British counterpart?
What did Kamal Kharrazi say after a meeting with his British counterpart does not support it?
Whose British counterpart was Robin Cook?
Who was Kamal Kharrazi's British counterpart?
What did Kamal Kharrazi say after the Iranian ``government disassociates'' Thursday from any reward which has been offered in this regard and does not support it?
What did UNITED NATIONS _ Iran's foreign minister say Thursday that his government was distancing itself from?
What did UNITED NATIONS _ Iran's foreign minister say Thursday from?
What did Kamal Kharrazi say after the Iranian ``government disassociates'' itself from any reward which has been offered in this regard and does not support it?
What did Iran's foreign minister say his government was distancing itself from the reward for killing Rushdie, and was ready to exchange ambassadors with Britain at?
What did Rushdie say: ``seems that this has been done in Iran with consensus?''
Who said after the meeting, ``I believe the European Union and the opening of a new chapter in our relations''?
Who said: ``It seems that this has been done in Iran with consensus?''
What did Rushdie say: ``It seems that this has been done in Iran with?''
What did LONDON _ British author Salman Rushdie say Thursday that it appeared?
What did Rushdie say that some organizations would be upset by?
Who did Britain's Foreign Secretary Robin Cook say was delighted with Iran's decision?
Who said Kharrazi was delighted with Iran's decision?
What did Britain's Foreign Secretary Robin Cook say Kharrazi was delighted with?
What did Iran distance from an Islamic death sentence against him?
Who met Kharrazi on the sidelines of the U. N. General Assembly session?
Who said, ``This looks like Thursday''?
What did Britain's Foreign Secretary Robin Cook say with?
Who did the novel bring an Iranian ``fatwa,'' or death sentence from in February 1989?
What did Cook say after, ``I believe the European Union and the opening of a new chapter in our relations''?
What contended that an uproar among Muslims insulted Islam?
Where did Rushdie say: ``It seems?''
When did LONDON _ British author Salman Rushdie say that it appeared his nearly 10-year ordeal had ended?
What did publication of Salman Rushdie's Satanic Verses in 1988 cause around the world?
When did the novel bring an Iranian ``fatwa,'' or death sentence from Iran's Ayatollah Ruholla Khomeini?
What did the world contend?
What did Britain's Foreign Secretary Robin Cook say he was delighted with?
What did Rushdie say there did not seem to be within Iran?
What caused an uproar among Muslims around the world?
What brought an Iranian ``fatwa,'' or death sentence from Iran's Ayatollah Ruholla Khomeini in February 1989?
Where did Rushdie say: ``It seems that this has been done with consensus?''
Who said, ``This looks like its over''?
What did the world contend that it insulted?
Who said his government was distancing itself from the reward for killing Rushdie, and was ready to exchange ambassadors with Britain at the United Nations in New York?
What distanced itself from an Islamic death sentence against him?
Who said there did not seem to be much mainstream opposition within Iran?
What was the European Union with?
What did Iran distance itself from?
Who said Thursday that it appeared his nearly 10-year ordeal had ended?
What did islamic militants put a 1. 2 million pound bounty on?
What did islamic militants put on the Indian-born British writer's head?
What did the novel bring from Iran's Ayatollah Ruholla Khomeini in February 1989?
Who said that some organizations would be upset by the decision?
Who said, ``An extraordinary thing has been achieved''?
What did Rushdie say there did not seem to be much mainstream opposition within?
Whose head did islamic militants put a 1. 2 million pound bounty on?
What did Rushdie say within?
What did the world contend that an uproar among Muslims insulted?
Who said he was delighted with Iran's decision?
What did Iran's foreign minister say from at the United Nations in New York?
Where did Britain's Foreign Secretary Robin Cook meet Kharrazi?
What did LONDON _ British author Salman Rushdie say Thursday?
What did Britain's Foreign Secretary Robin Cook meet Kharrazi on?
Who spoke outside the Foreign Office where he was briefed on the development that came out British talks with Iran in New York?
What did Rushdie say by?
What did Rushdie say: ``It seems that this has been done in with consensus?''
Who did Britain's Foreign Secretary Robin Cook meet on the sidelines of the U. N. General Assembly session?
What did Rushdie speak outside?
Who spoke after Iran distanced itself from an Islamic death sentence against him?
Who put a 1. 2 million pound bounty on the Indian-born British writer's head?
What did publication of Salman Rushdie's Satanic Verses in 1988 cause an uproar among Muslims around?
What contended that it insulted Islam?
What did LONDON _ British author Salman Rushdie say Thursday that it appeared had ended?
What did Rushdie say: ``It seems in?''
What was with Iran?
What did ISLAMABAD say Saturday that they were outraged?
What did ISLAMABAD say Saturday that they were outraged that Iran had softened?
Who says it will not adopt any measures that threaten british writer Salman Rushdie's life, or anyone connected to his book-- The Satanic Verses?
What does Iran say?
What was ISLAMABAD?
What does Iran stop?
What said Saturday that they were outraged that Iran had softened its stand toward British writer Salman Rushdie?
When did ISLAMABAD say that they were outraged that Iran had softened its stand toward British writer Salman Rushdie?
What does Iran say it will not adopt?
What stops short of revoking a death sentence against Rushdie?
What does Iran say will not adopt any measures that threaten british writer Salman Rushdie's life, or anyone connected to his book-- The Satanic Verses?
What was Pakistan _ Pakistani Islamic groups?
What does Iran say will not adopt any measures that threaten his life, or anyone connected to his book-- The Satanic Verses?
What did ISLAMABAD say Saturday?
Who says it will not adopt any measures that threaten his life, or anyone connected to his book-- The Satanic Verses?
Who sees new safety for himself in Iran's distancing itself from the Islamic edict calling for his murder?
When did it point out that the government's position has been not to seek Rushdie's death?
What made in New York Thursday by Iran's foreign minister distancing his government from a dlrs 2. 5 million reward for Rushdie's death on Sunday?
What did both newspapers and ordinary Iranians debated the announcement make in New York Thursday by Iran's foreign minister distancing his government from on Sunday?
What called for Rushdie's death?
What did the hard-line Jomhuri Eslami say in that the late Ayatollah Ruhollah Khomeini's ``fatwa,'' or Islamic edict was still applicable?
What are debating whether anything has really changed?
When did the Iran News point out?
What does TEHRAN, Iran _ British writer Salman Rushdie see in Iran's distancing itself from the Islamic edict calling for his murder?
When was the Iran News?
What has really changed?
Whose statement that his ``government disassociates itself did the Iran News say in?''
What said there was nothing new in Foreign Minister Kamal Kharrazi's statement that his ``government disassociates itself from any reward. . . and does not support it?''
What said there is no room for optimism by Rushdie and the hard-line Jomhuri Eslami's supporters?
What are many in Iran debating?
What did the hard-line Jomhuri Eslami say in an editorial?
What said there is no room for optimism by Rushdie and his supporters?
When did it point out?
What does TEHRAN, Iran _ British writer Salman Rushdie see in Iran's distancing Iran from the Islamic edict calling for his murder?
What did islamic edict call for?
Whose death did islamic edict call for?
Who sees new safety for himself in Iran's distancing Iran from the Islamic edict calling for his murder?
Whose statement that the hard-line Jomhuri Eslami's ``government disassociates Foreign Minister Kamal Kharrazi did the Iran News say in?''
What did the paper say there is?
What pointed out that the government's position has for several years been not to seek Rushdie's death?
Who said in an editorial that the late Ayatollah Ruhollah Khomeini's ``fatwa,'' or Islamic edict was still applicable?
When did the Iran News point out that the government's position has been not to seek Rushdie's death?
What was a moderate daily close to the foreign ministry?
What did the Iran News say in?''
What was VIENNA?
Who were quoted as saying no one can reverse it in Tehran?
Whose book was The Satanic Verses?
What has Britain also sought better ties in order to benefit from in Iran?
Where has Britain also sought better ties in order to benefit from lucrative projects?
Who called for his death on Feb. 14,1989?
What did the EU say the Iranian decision opens the way for closer cooperation between Europe and the Tehran government in?
How many influential clerics were quoted as saying no one can reverse fatwa in Tehran?
When did iranian Foreign Minister Kamal Kharrazi distance his government from a dlrs 2. 5 million reward for Rushdie's death?
What has the Rushdie affair been in Iran's efforts to improve ties with the European Union?
What did iranian Foreign Minister Kamal Kharrazi distance from a dlrs 2. 5 million reward for Rushdie's death on Thursday?
What were two influential clerics quoted as saying no one can reverse fatwa in?
What said the Iranian decision opens the way for closer cooperation between Europe and the Tehran government in a statement issued here?
What were two influential clerics quoted as saying no one can reverse it in?
What has been the main hurdle in Iran's efforts to improve ties with the European Union?
What did two senior Iranian clerics say?
What have Iran gone to?
When did the late Ayatollah Ruhollah Khomeini call on Feb. 14,1989?
Who were quoted as saying the edict, or fatwa, must be enforced in Tehran?
Who did not?
How many senior Iranian clerics said the ruling was irrevocable?
What was issued here because Austria holds the presidency?
How many influential clerics were quoted as saying the edict, or fatwa, must be enforced in Tehran?
Who was his book?
What did the EU say opens the way for closer cooperation between Europe and the Tehran government in a statement issued here?
Who was the late Ayatollah Ruhollah Khomeini's book?
What did the late Ayatollah Ruhollah Khomeini claim?
When did the late Ayatollah Ruhollah Khomeini call for his death on?
How many influential clerics were quoted as saying no one can reverse it in Tehran?
Who said the ruling was irrevocable?
Where have Iran gone?
What was Austria-- The European Union on Monday?
What has Britain also sought better ties in order to benefit from lucrative projects in?
What did two senior Iranian clerics say was irrevocable?
Where were two influential clerics quoted as saying no one can reverse it?
What did VIENNA welcome a move by the Iranian government to distance itself from even as two senior Iranian clerics said the ruling was irrevocable?
What did the EU say in a statement issued here?
What also has sought better ties in order to benefit from lucrative projects in Iran?
What were two influential clerics quoted as saying the edict, or fatwa, must be enforced in?
What blasphemed Rushdie has spent nearly a decade in hiding since the late Ayatollah Ruhollah Khomeini called for his death on Feb. 14,1989?
What did the EU say the Iranian decision opens in a statement issued here?
Who were quoted as saying no one can reverse fatwa in Tehran?
When does Austria hold?
Where were two influential clerics quoted as saying the edict, or fatwa, must be enforced?
Who did Islam blaspheme has spent nearly a decade in hiding since the late Ayatollah Ruhollah Khomeini called for his death on Feb. 14,1989?
Where were two influential clerics quoted as saying no one can reverse fatwa?
What was The Satanic Verses?
Who claimed his book?
Who distanced his government from a dlrs 2. 5 million reward for Rushdie's death on Thursday?
What did iranian Foreign Minister Kamal Kharrazi distance his government from on Thursday?
What has Britain also sought better ties in to benefit from lucrative projects in Iran?
When did Islam blaspheme Rushdie has spent in hiding since the late Ayatollah Ruhollah Khomeini called for his death on Feb. 14,1989?
What has Britain also sought in order to benefit from lucrative projects in Iran?
What has the Rushdie affair been the main hurdle in?
What holds the presidency?
What have gone to France and other European countries?
Who had spent nearly a decade in hiding since Khomeini issued the edict?
What were powerful government hard-liners not happy with?
Whose efforts to improve ties with the West since he took office last year were powerful government hard-liners dismayed over?
Who took office last year?
Who did the paper say had earlier delivered a letter of protest to the Foreign Ministry?
When had Rushdie spent since Khomeini issued the edict?
What did Khomeini issue?
Who recently voiced relief the ordeal was over?
Who were not happy with the government position on Rushdie?
What did the paper say the students had earlier delivered a letter of protest to?
Who were dismayed over Khatami's efforts to improve ties with the West since he took office last year?
What did the paper say the students had earlier delivered a letter of to the Foreign Ministry?
Who issued the edict?
What were powerful government hard-liners dismayed over?
What did half the members of Iran's hard-line parliament sign?
What did he recently voice relief?
Who signed a letter saying the death edict against Rushdie still stands?
What did Salman Rushdie and the historical edict of Imam Khomeini. . . caused deep regret and sorrow among Iranians and all over the Muslim world recently voice relief?
What did the paper say the students had earlier delivered to the Foreign Ministry?
What did he recently voice relief was over?
What said the students had earlier delivered a letter of protest to the Foreign Ministry?
What did he recently voice the ordeal was over?
What did half the members of Iran's hard-line parliament sign a letter saying?
Who had spent nearly a decade in hiding since Khomeini issued the edict?
How many members of Iran's hard-line parliament signed a letter saying the death sentence stands?
Whose efforts to improve ties with the West since he took office last year were powerful government hard-liners dismayed over?
Who claimed Salman Rushdie's book ``The Satanic Verses'' blasphemed Islam?
What did Salman Rushdie recently voice relief?
What distanced itself from the death edict and an earlier reward of dlrs 2. 5 million?
What has TEHRAN A hard-line Iranian student group offered to anyone who kills Salman Rushdie?
Who issued the fatwa, or religious edict, on Rushdie in 1989?
Who were dismayed over Khatami's efforts to improve ties with the West since he took office last year?
How many riyals has TEHRAN A hard-line Iranian student group offered to anyone who kills Salman Rushdie?
What were powerful government hard-liners dismayed over?
What did the semiofficial Khordad Foundation later offer to anyone who killed Rushdie?
What did he recently voice relief?
Whose British counterpart was Robin Cook?
What had iranian Foreign Minister Kamal Kharrazi portrayed the move as?
What said the students had earlier delivered a letter of protest to the Foreign Ministry?
Who was President Mohammad Khatami's British counterpart?
Who did Ayatollah Ruhollah Khomeini claim Salman Rushdie's book ``The Satanic Verses'' blasphemed?
Who took office last year?
Who did the paper say had earlier delivered a letter of protest to the Foreign Ministry?
When had Rushdie spent since Khomeini issued the edict?
What came just weeks after the relatively moderate government of President Mohammad Khatami distanced itself from the death edict and an earlier reward of dlrs 2. 5 million?
What did Salman Rushdie recently voice relief was over?
What did Khomeini issue?
Who recently voiced relief the ordeal was over?
When did Ayatollah Ruhollah Khomeini issue the fatwa, or religious edict, on Rushdie?
What did the paper say the students had earlier delivered a letter of protest to?
What did the paper say the students had earlier delivered a letter of to the Foreign Ministry?
What did the relatively moderate government of President Mohammad Khatami distance itself from?
Whose pledge did the Association of Hezbollah University students say despite?
What was Robin Cook?
Who did Ayatollah Ruhollah Khomeini claim his book ``The Satanic Verses'' blasphemed?
What did the paper say the students had earlier delivered to the Foreign Ministry?
What did the relatively moderate government of President Mohammad Khatami distance from the death edict and an earlier reward of dlrs 2. 5 million?
What did he recently voice the ordeal was over?
What did iranian Foreign Minister Kamal Kharrazi make?
What were powerful government hard-liners not happy with?
Who had portrayed the move as a way to improve ties that have remained strained over the issue and agreed to exchange ambassadors?
What did more than half the members of Iran's hard-line parliament sign a letter saying?
What has TEHRAN A hard-line Iranian student group offered 1 billion riyals to?
Who was his British counterpart?
What did not say where the students would obtain the funds?
Who did Ayatollah Ruhollah Khomeini issue the fatwa, or religious edict, on in 1989?
What did Ayatollah Ruhollah Khomeini claim?
What did Ayatollah Ruhollah Khomeini claim blasphemed Islam?
Who were not happy with the government position on Rushdie?
What did Ayatollah Ruhollah Khomeini issue on Rushdie in 1989?
Who claimed his book ``The Satanic Verses'' blasphemed Islam?
What did he recently voice relief was over?
Who made the announcement in New York, and his British counterpart?
What did the semiofficial Khordad Foundation later offer the initial reward to?
What is Iran _?
What did more than half the members of Iran's hard-line parliament sign?
Whose book ``The Satanic Verses'' did Ayatollah Ruhollah Khomeini claim?
Whose book ``The Satanic Verses'' did Ayatollah Ruhollah Khomeini claim blasphemed Islam?
What is TEHRAN?
What is Salman Rushdie?
Who later offered the initial reward to anyone who killed Rushdie?
What did Salman Rushdie recently voice the ordeal was over?
What did the Association of Hezbollah University students say despite?
Who issued the edict?
Who is the second bounty on the British author's head?
Who made the announcement in New York, and President Mohammad Khatami's British counterpart?
What has offered 1 billion riyals to anyone who kills Salman Rushdie?
Who signed a letter saying the death sentence stands?
What had iranian Foreign Minister Kamal Kharrazi portrayed as a way to improve ties that have remained strained over the issue and agreed to exchange ambassadors?
What tried to distance itself from the bounty?
What is Iran _?
What did the Iranian government try to distance itself from?
What has added dlrs 300,000 to the reward for Salman Rushdie's death?
What has TEHRAN An Iranian foundation added dlrs 300,000 to?
When was Ayatollah Hassan Saneii quoted as saying by Jomhuri Islami newspaper, ``I add dlrs 300,000 to the reward for implementing the edict''?
Who was quoted as saying by Jomhuri Islami newspaper Monday, ``I add dlrs 300,000 to the reward for implementing the edict''?
What did the Iranian government try to distance from the bounty?
What is TEHRAN?
What did Rushdie express relief?
Who was a ``fatwa,'' or religious edict issued by the late Ayatollah Ruhollah Khomeini against in 1989 on grounds his book was blasphemous?
What said, ``The edict is irrevocable''?
What was a ``fatwa,'' or religious edict issued by the late Ayatollah Ruhollah Khomeini against Rushdie in 1989 on?
What raised the reward to dlrs 2. 8 million on Monday?
What did Abdollah Nouri deliver a speech at the university on?
What was issued by the late Ayatollah Ruhollah Khomeini against Rushdie in 1989 on grounds his book was blasphemous?
Who was attacked along with Ataollah Mohajerani on Sept. 4 by militants?
Who was Nouri attacked along with on Sept. 4 by militants?
What did a foundation that initially offered dlrs 2. 5 million to anyone who kills Rushdie raise to dlrs 2. 8 million on Monday?
What distanced itself from the reward offering?
What did Khatami's government distance itself from?
What did a hard-line student group offer?
What does four body guard whisked him away in?
What was a militia that assists the army in wartime?
What was the statement distributed by the Basij Resistance Forces?
What did TEHRAN shout in?
Who is a close ally of President Mohammad Khatami?
Who was a ``fatwa,'' or religious edict issued by against Rushdie in 1989 on grounds his book was blasphemous?
Who was leaving the campus?
Who delivered a speech at the university on civil liberties?
What did the demonstrators call for?
What did Khomeini issue?
What was The Satanic Verses?
What guards whisked him away in his car?
Who were many of them militia volunteers?
Who tried to hit Nouri as he was leaving the campus?
Who called for the death of Rushdie?
What said, ``we emphasize the implementation of this edict against apostate Salman Rushdie independent of any diplomatic negotiations conducted by Iran's government''?
When did Rushdie spend in hiding after Khomeini issued the edict?
What was he leaving?
When was a ``fatwa,'' or religious edict issued by the late Ayatollah Ruhollah Khomeini against Rushdie on grounds his book was blasphemous?
Who spent nearly a decade in hiding after Khomeini issued the edict?
What did TEHRAN shout that the religious edict against writer Salman Rushdie remained in?
Who was Nouri attacked along with Ataollah Mohajerani on Sept. 4 by?
Who was Ataollah Mohajerani?
What has Khatami's government tried to distance itself from offers by Iranian groups to pay money to?
Whose book was The Satanic Verses?
What is Nouri?
What is Iran and the West?
Who were about 1,000 hard-liners?
How many hard-liners were many of them militia volunteers?
What offered its own reward of dlrs 333,000?
What guards whisked Abdollah Nouri away in his car?
What has Khatami's government tried to distance itself from offers by Iranian groups to pay to anyone implementing the fatwa?
What has strained ties between Iran and the West?
What guards protected Abdollah Nouri?
When was Nouri attacked along with Ataollah Mohajerani by militants?
What does the edict have?
Who was his book?
Who was a deputy to moderate President Mohammad Khatami?
What does four body guard whisked Abdollah Nouri away in?
What did a foundation that initially offered dlrs 2. 5 million to anyone who kills Rushdie raise the reward to on Monday?
What guards protected him?
What did Khatami's government distance from the reward offering?
What has tried to distance itself from offers by Iranian groups to pay money to anyone implementing the fatwa?
Who does four body guard whisked away in his car?
What did Abdollah Nouri deliver on civil liberties?
What did Rushdie express that the ordeal was over?
What was Ataollah Mohajerani the minister of?
What has Khatami's government tried to distance itself from offers by to pay money to anyone implementing the fatwa?
What restored diplomatic relations last month after Khatami's government distanced itself from the reward offering?
Who was the minister of culture and Islamic guidance?
Whose government distanced itself from the reward offering?
Who was Abdollah Nouri?
What was Abdollah Nouri leaving?
Who did one of the hard-liners try to hit as he was leaving the campus?
What occurred as Abdollah Nouri delivered a speech at the university on civil liberties?
Who was writer Salman Rushdie's book?
What did a hard-line student group offer its own reward of?
Whose government has tried to distance itself from offers by Iranian groups to pay money to anyone implementing the fatwa?
When did a foundation that initially offered dlrs 2. 5 million to anyone who kills Rushdie raise the reward to dlrs 2. 8 million?
What has Khatami's government tried to distance itself from by Iranian groups to pay money to anyone implementing the fatwa?
Who is Nouri a close ally of?
Who does four body guard protected?
What did TEHRAN demonstrate outside?
Who issued the edict?
What is Britain?
What demonstrated outside Tehran University on Tuesday?
What shouted that the religious edict against writer Salman Rushdie remained in force?
Who expressed relief that the ordeal was over?
What has Khatami's government tried to distance from offers by Iranian groups to pay money to anyone implementing the fatwa?
What stressed that it was private?
What did the Foreign Office decline to say?
What did Cook meet Iranian Foreign Minister Kamal Kharrazi in?
What declined to say anything about the meeting?
Where did Cook meet Iranian Foreign Minister Kamal Kharrazi?
What did the Foreign Office decline to say anything about?
What raised the reward to dlrs 2. 8 million on Monday?
What did Kharrazi say his government was distancing itself from?
What did LONDON _ Foreign Secretary Robin Cook meet Salman Rushdie for Friday?
What offered its own reward of dlrs 333,000?
Who has been protected by the government since 1989?
What did a hard-line student group offer its own reward of?
Who did Cook meet in New York?
What did Kharrazi say his government was distancing from rewards offered for Rushdie's death?
What has Rushdie been protected by since 1989?
When did a foundation that initially offered dlrs 2. 5 million to anyone who kills Rushdie raise the reward to dlrs 2. 8 million?
What did Kharrazi say was distancing itself from rewards offered for Rushdie's death?
Who met Salman Rushdie for private discussions Friday?
What did a foundation that initially offered dlrs 2. 5 million to anyone who kills Rushdie raise to dlrs 2. 8 million on Monday?
Who said his government was distancing itself from rewards offered for Rushdie's death?
When has Rushdie been protected by the government?
What did the Foreign Office stress?
What did Kharrazi say from?
Who met Iranian Foreign Minister Kamal Kharrazi in New York?
What did a foundation that initially offered dlrs 2. 5 million to anyone who kills Rushdie raise the reward to on Monday?
What did a hard-line student group offer?
What dlrs 2. 5 million to anyone who kills Rushdie raised the reward to dlrs 2. 8 million?
Who was the Satanic Verses?
What was India to ban ``The Satanic Verses'' after it provoked angry protests from the Muslim community in 1988?
Who was born in Bombay?
What did Rushdie complain in an interview?
What was he born in?
What does a foundation that initially offered dlrs to anyone who kills Rushdie raised the reward to dlrs 2. 8 million?
What quoted Lal Krishna Advani as saying, ``He is an outstanding writer and is welcome to return home''?
What did the Iranian government distance itself from offers by Iranian groups to pay money to execute?
Where was he born?
What did the Satanic Verses say in?
Who complained in an interview that he was banned from entering India?
What was Lal Krishna Advani born in?
What does a foundation that initially offered dlrs 2. 5 million to?
Who did the Times of India quote as saying, ``the Satanic Verses is an outstanding writer and is welcome to return home''?
What was the first country in the world to ban ``The Satanic Verses'' after it provoked angry protests from the Muslim community in 1988?
What did Rushdie complain in that he was banned from entering India?
What did the Iranian government distance itself from to pay money to execute the edict?
Who called for his death in 1989?
What was withdrawn from bookshelves within weeks of its release in India after directions from Indian customs in 1996?
When has Rushdie spent since Iran's late Ayatollah Ruhollah Khomeini called for his death in 1989?
When did Iran's late Ayatollah Ruhollah Khomeini call in 1989?
Whose book ``The Moor's Last Sigh'' was withdrawn from bookshelves within weeks of its release in India after directions from Indian customs in 1996?
What quoted Lal Krishna Advani as saying, ``the Satanic Verses is an outstanding writer and is welcome to return home''?
What was Rushdie's book ``The Moor's Last Sigh'' withdrawn from within weeks of its release in India after directions from Indian customs in 1996?
Whose statement came nearly two weeks after Rushdie complained in an interview that he was banned from entering India?
When did Iran's late Ayatollah Ruhollah Khomeini call for his death?
When did it provoke angry protests from the Muslim community?
What did the Iranian government distance itself from offers by Iranian groups to pay to execute the edict?
Where was Lal Krishna Advani born?
When was Rushdie's book ``The Moor's Last Sigh'' withdrawn from bookshelves after directions from Indian customs in 1996?
What did Advani's statement come nearly two weeks after Rushdie complained in an interview?
Who was India's minister for internal security?
What came nearly two weeks after Rushdie complained in an interview that he was banned from entering India?
Who said in an interview published Saturday?
Who has spent nearly a decade in hiding since Iran's late Ayatollah Ruhollah Khomeini called for his death in 1989?
When did India provoke angry protests from the Muslim community?
When was Rushdie's book ``The Moor's Last Sigh'' withdrawn from bookshelves within weeks of its release in India after directions from Indian customs?
What does Iran's late Ayatollah Ruhollah Khomeini claim?
What distanced itself from offers by Iranian groups to pay money to execute the edict?
What did India provoke in 1988?
What did it provoke in 1988?
Who claims ``The Satanic Verses'' blasphemed Islam?
What was Rushdie's book ``The Moor's Last Sigh'' withdrawn from bookshelves within weeks of its release in India after in 1996?
Who did the Times of India quote as saying, ``He is an outstanding writer and is welcome to return home''?
What provoked angry protests from the Muslim community in 1988?
What did the Iranian government distance from offers by Iranian groups to pay money to execute the edict?
What said last month it did not support the bounty?
What is Kiapey near?
What reported Sunday TEHRAN, Iran _ Residents of a village in northern Iran have offered land and carpets to anyone who kills British author Salman Rushdie?
What did hard-liners stage in support of the death sentence?
What did the government say decided to upgrade hard-liners who support the killing of the Booker Prize-winning author's relations to ambassadorial level?
Whose relations did the government say Britain and Iran decided to upgrade to ambassadorial level?
Who do Iranians believe Mazeh intended to kill?
Whose book was The Satanic Verses?
What did a newspaper report Sunday TEHRAN, Iran _ Residents of a village in northern Iran have offered to anyone who kills British author Salman Rushdie?
What did the late Ayatollah Ruhollah Khomeini rule that his book blasphemed?
What have the villagers also invited the parents of Mustapha Mazeh to live in?
Whose relations did the government say to?
What said Britain and Iran decided to upgrade hard-liners who support the killing of the Booker Prize-winning author's relations to ambassadorial level?
Who did the late Ayatollah Ruhollah Khomeini condemn to death in 1989?
What did a semi-government foundation in Iran raise the bounty on Rushdie's head from dlrs 2. 5 million to?
What is Sari?
What said Britain and Iran decided to upgrade their relations to ambassadorial level?
What does the move follow?
Who have also invited the parents of Mustapha Mazeh to live in Kiapey?
Who do Iranians believe intended to kill Rushdie?
What do Iranians believe?
Who staged two demonstrations in Tehran in support of the death sentence?
Whose book did the late Ayatollah Ruhollah Khomeini rule?
Who has a population of 2,000?
What did the late Ayatollah Ruhollah Khomeini rule that british author Salman Rushdie's book blasphemed?
Who was his book?
Who was british author Salman Rushdie's book?
What did the government say Britain and Iran decided to upgrade their relations to?
Who was the late Ayatollah Ruhollah Khomeini?
What was the late Ayatollah Ruhollah Khomeini the founding spiritual leader of?
What did a semi-government foundation in Iran raise the bounty on Rushdie's head from to dlrs 2. 8 million?
Who ruled that british author Salman Rushdie's book blasphemed Islam?
Who have the villagers also invited to live in Kiapey?
What does Kiapey have?
What did the late Ayatollah Ruhollah Khomeini condemn Rushdie to in 1989?
What did a semi-government foundation in Iran raise from dlrs 2. 5 million to dlrs 2. 8 million?
What have british police dismissed?
Who ruled that his book blasphemed Islam?
What will the people of Kiapey give?
What have dismissed this theory?
What did the government say to?
Who did a newspaper report Sunday have offered land and carpets to anyone who kills British author Salman Rushdie?
Who condemned Rushdie to death in 1989?
What raised the bounty on Rushdie's head from dlrs 2. 5 million to dlrs 2. 8 million?
What will give 10 carpets?
What did the government say Britain and Iran decided to upgrade to ambassadorial level?
Who was the founding spiritual leader of the Islamic republic?
Who blew the late Ayatollah Ruhollah Khomeini up while working on a home-made bomb in a London hotel in 1989?
How many carpets will the people of Kiapey give?
What did a newspaper report Sunday TEHRAN, Iran _ Residents of a village in northern Iran have offered land and carpets to?
Who is a French citizen of Moroccan origin?
What was The Satanic Verses?
What did the late Ayatollah Ruhollah Khomeini rule?
Who did Mustapha Mazeh blow up while working on a home-made bomb in a London hotel in 1989?
What is the capital of Mazandaran province?
Who blew himself up while working on a home-made bomb in a London hotel in 1989?
How many demonstrations in Tehran did hard-liners stage in support of the death sentence?
When did a newspaper report TEHRAN, Iran _ Residents of a village in northern Iran have offered land and carpets to anyone who kills British author Salman Rushdie?
What did the government say decided to upgrade their relations to ambassadorial level?
What is Sari the capital of?
What is Mazeh a French citizen of?
What did the government say Britain and Iran decided to upgrade hard-liners who support the killing of the Booker Prize-winning author's relations to?
What did the government say?
Who believe Mazeh intended to kill Rushdie?
Who is Mazeh?
What did the government say last month it did not support?
What does Kiapey have a population of?
When did the late Ayatollah Ruhollah Khomeini condemn Rushdie to death?
Who said?
Who is near Sari?
What did hard-liners stage two demonstrations in Tehran in?
What did an Iranian newspaper report Saturday TEHRAN, Iran _ Thousands of Iranian clerics and theological students have pledged?
What did the newspaper Kayhan report in a pledge sent to Iran's supreme leader, Ayatollah Ali Khamenei said?
Who offered land and carpets to anyone who kills Rushdie?
Who receive monthly stipends of about 200,000 rials?
Who ruled that his book ``The Satanic Verses'' was blasphemous?
What did the newspaper Kayhan report in, Ayatollah Ali Khamenei said they were ``ready to carry out the edict against Salman Rushdie''?
What shows the continuing division over Rushdie?
What was Qom?
Who was Iran?
What did a semi-government foundation in Iran raise the bounty on Rushdie's head from dlrs 2. 5 million to?
What did residents of a north Iranian village offer to anyone who kills Rushdie?
What followed the government's distancing itself from the reward?
What was Rushdie condemned to death in 1989 after the late Ayatollah Ruhollah Khomeini ruled?
What did Tehran distance from the bounty?
What did the move follow the government's distancing from the reward?
When did Britain restore full diplomatic relations with Iran after Tehran distanced itself from the bounty?
What did a semi-government foundation in Iran raise the bounty on Rushdie's head from to dlrs 2. 8 million?
Who was condemned to death in 1989 after the late Ayatollah Ruhollah Khomeini ruled that his book ``The Satanic Verses'' was blasphemous?
What did the move follow the government's distancing itself from?
Who earn about 300,000 rials?
What is the government of President Mohammad Khatami?
What did a semi-government foundation in Iran raise from dlrs 2. 5 million to dlrs 2. 8 million?
What has been fiercely opposed by hard-line critics of the government of President Mohammad Khatami?
What is the late Ayatollah Ruhollah Khomeini the founding spiritual leader of?
Who was students and teachers in the holy city of Qom?
What do seminary students in Qom receive monthly stipends of?
What is a political moderate?
Who was Ayatollah Ali Khamenei?
What raised the bounty on Rushdie's head from dlrs 2. 5 million to dlrs 2. 8 million?
What does the pledge show?
When was Rushdie condemned to death after the late Ayatollah Ruhollah Khomeini ruled that his book ``The Satanic Verses'' was blasphemous?
What was Rushdie condemned to in 1989 after the late Ayatollah Ruhollah Khomeini ruled that his book ``The Satanic Verses'' was blasphemous?
What did the move follow distancing the government of President Mohammad Khatami from the reward?
What do seminary students in Qom receive?
What do teachers earn?
What did Tehran distance itself from?
Who is the founding spiritual leader of the Islamic republic?
Who has the move been fiercely opposed by?
What did the late Ayatollah Ruhollah Khomeini rule?
What did the move follow distancing itself from the reward?
What did Britain restore after Tehran distanced itself from the bounty in September?
What restored full diplomatic relations with Iran after Tehran distanced itself from the bounty in September?
What added, ``Thousands have also signed up to give a month's wages to any person who carries out the historical edict against Salman Rushdie''?
Who is the late Ayatollah Ruhollah Khomeini?
What did the move follow the government's distancing the government of President Mohammad Khatami from?
Who reported in a pledge sent to Iran's supreme leader, Ayatollah Ali Khamenei said they were ``ready to carry out the edict against Salman Rushdie''?
How many rials do teachers earn?
What distanced itself from the bounty?
Who did the move follow the government's distancing the government of from the reward?
What did an Iranian newspaper report Saturday have pledged a month's salary toward a bounty for the killing of British author Salman Rushdie?
What did residents of a north Iranian village offer land and carpets to?
What followed the government's distancing the government of President Mohammad Khatami from the reward?
What said U2 hopes to release the single to coincide with the April 13 release of Rushdie's novel?
When did the Guardian newspaper report LONDON-- Author Salman Rushdie has contributed lyrics to a new song by the Irish rock band U2?
What do hard-liners insist there's still?
What said?
What reported Friday LONDON-- Author Salman Rushdie has contributed lyrics to a new song by the Irish rock band U2?
What did the Guardian newspaper report Friday has contributed lyrics to a new song by the Irish rock band U2?
What did the newspaper say hopes to release the single to coincide with the April 13 release of Rushdie's novel?
What did the Guardian newspaper report Friday LONDON-- Author Salman Rushdie has contributed?
What declined to comment on The Guardian's report?
What did the Iranian government say it was distancing itself from in October?
What was Rushdie condemned to death in 1989 after the late Ayatollah Ruhollah Khomeini ruled to?
What do hard-liners insist?
Whose report did Rushdie's literary agency decline to comment on?
What quoted Rushdie as saying, ``Bono and I have been friends for several years''?
Who does the novel tell the myth of?
Who was the late Ayatollah Ruhollah Khomeini?
What was the late Ayatollah Ruhollah Khomeini the founding spiritual leader of?
What did Rushdie's literary agency decline to comment on?
Who did the newspaper quote as saying, ``I sent him the novel when I 'd finished the report''?
What did the Iranian government say it was distancing from the edict in October?
When was Rushdie condemned to death after the late Ayatollah Ruhollah Khomeini ruled ``The Satanic Verses'' was blasphemous to Islam?
What did the Iranian government say from in October?
When did the Iranian government say it was distancing itself from the edict?
Who was condemned to death in 1989 after the late Ayatollah Ruhollah Khomeini ruled ``The Satanic Verses'' was blasphemous to Islam?
What was Rushdie condemned to in 1989 after the late Ayatollah Ruhollah Khomeini ruled ``The Satanic Verses'' was blasphemous to Islam?
What quoted Rushdie as saying, ``he responded by coming up with this beautiful melody''?
Who was the founding spiritual leader of the Islamic republic?
What does the novel tell?
Who ruled ``The Satanic Verses'' was blasphemous to Islam?
What did the late Ayatollah Ruhollah Khomeini rule to?
What did the Iranian government say was distancing itself from the edict in October?
What did the newspaper say U2 hopes to release the single to coincide with the April 13 release of?
Whose literary agency declined to comment on The Guardian's report?
What did the newspaper say U2 hopes to release?
What did the newspaper say?
What tells the myth of Orpheus and Eurydice?
What quoted Rushdie as saying, ``I sent him the novel when I 'd finished it''?
Who did the newspaper quote as saying, ``Bono and I have been friends for several years''?
What quoted Rushdie as saying, ``I sent him the novel when I 'd finished the report''?
Who insist there's still a price on the author's head?
Who did the newspaper quote as saying, ``I sent him the novel when I 'd finished it''?
What said it was distancing itself from the edict in October?
Whose novel did the newspaper say U2 hopes to release the single to coincide with the April 13 release of?
Who did the newspaper quote as saying, ``he responded by coming up with this beautiful melody''?
Who did he say the lifting of the death sentence would allow to focus on being a novelist rather than the center of a political debate?
What did the ``Satanic Verses'' author say?
What does LIEGE say has improved since Iran distanced itself last year from a death sentence against him?
What does LIEGE say from?
When did the ``Satanic Verses'' author say at a news conference, ``It is not 100 percent normal''?
What did the ``Satanic Verses'' author say at Friday, ``compared to what the last 10 years have been like, it is better''?
What distanced itself last year from a death sentence against LIEGE?
What did the ``Satanic Verses'' author say at Friday, ``compared to what the last 10 years have been like, LIEGE is better''?
Who said at a news conference Friday, ``LIEGE is not 100 percent normal''?
What distanced itself last year from a death sentence against him?
Who said at a news conference Friday, ``compared to what the last 10 years have been like, it is better''?
When did the ``Satanic Verses'' author say at a news conference, ``LIEGE is not 100 percent normal''?
Who said at a news conference Friday, ``compared to what the last 10 years have been like, LIEGE is better''?
Who says his life has improved since Iran distanced itself last year from a death sentence against him?
Who said at a news conference Friday, ``It is not 100 percent normal''?
Who said the lifting of the death sentence would allow him to focus on being a novelist rather than the center of a political debate?
Who was in Liege to receive an honorary doctorate in literature from Liege University?
What is LIEGE?
What did Iran distance itself last year from?
Who did he say would allow him to focus on being a novelist rather than the center of a political debate?
Who was the writer in to receive an honorary doctorate in literature from Liege University?
What did the ``Satanic Verses'' author say at Friday, ``LIEGE is not 100 percent normal''?
What did the ``Satanic Verses'' author say at Friday, ``It is not 100 percent normal''?
What did he say?
Who did the ``Satanic Verses'' author say would allow him to focus on being a novelist rather than the center of a political debate?
Who is Belgium-- Salman Rushdie?
What agreed to upgrade their diplomatic relations in May 1999?
What said LONDON-- Iranian hard-liners said Sunday that the 1989 death sentence ordered against British novelist Salman Rushdie remained in effect?
What did Khomeini announce on Feb. 14?
Who did an Iranian radio report say LONDON-- Iranian hard-liners said Sunday that the 1989 death sentence ordered against British novelist remained in effect?
Who did Mohammad Khatami take over as in August 1997?
What have Muslims said before?
Who took over as president in August 1997?
Who did an Iranian radio report say LONDON-- Iranian hard-liners said Sunday that the 1989 death sentence ordered against Salman Rushdie remained in effect?
Who claimed Rushdie had blasphemed Islam in ``The Satanic Verses''?
When did an Iranian radio report say LONDON-- Iranian hard-liners said that the 1989 death sentence ordered against British novelist Salman Rushdie remained in effect?
Who did an Iranian radio report say LONDON-- Iranian hard-liners said Sunday against?
What was the Rushdie affair?
What did ease the threat to Rushdie?
What reportedly said, ``. . . the ruling against the apostate Salman Rushdie is still valid''?
When did Britain and Iran agree to upgrade their diplomatic relations?
What did Khomeini claim in?
What did an Iranian radio report say LONDON-- Iranian hard-liners said Sunday that the 1989 death sentence ordered against British novelist Salman Rushdie remained in?
Who did Khomeini claim had blasphemed Islam in ``The Satanic Verses''?
When did Khomeini announce the sentence?
What did Khomeini claim Rushdie had blasphemed Islam in?
When did he emerge from his shadowy existence?
Who was a moderate cleric?
What did he underscore?
Who spent nearly a decade in hiding under police protection?
What had been trying to change its foreign policy since Mohammad Khatami took over as president in August 1997?
Who was Mohammad Khatami?
What was the main hurdle in Iran's efforts to improve ties with the European Union?
What did the Iranian government's decision ease?
Who have said before that the fatwa cannot be lifted formally?
When did Mohammad Khatami take over as president?
Who have always supported the death sentence?
Who announced the sentence on Feb. 14?
Who underscored the need to replace confrontation with dialogue in Iran's relations with the West?
What did Salman Rushdie underscore?
When did Salman Rushdie emerge from his shadowy existence?
What did an Iranian radio report say said Sunday that the 1989 death sentence ordered against British novelist Salman Rushdie remained in effect?
What did Britain and Iran agree to upgrade in May 1999?
What have powerful hard-liners inside the Islamic regime always supported?
Who are likely to continue to do so?
What did an Iranian radio report say LONDON-- Iranian hard-liners said Sunday that the 1989 death sentence ordered against British novelist in?
What did Khomeini claim Rushdie had blasphemed in ``The Satanic Verses''?
When did the 52-year-old Rushdie spend in hiding under police protection?
What the author Salman Rushdie has lived in safe houses around London, guarded around the clock by?
What did Iran's president seem to signal?
Who did rushdie and several representatives from the International Rushdie Defense Committee meet with on Wednesday?
When did LONDON _ The British government say Wednesday?
When did rushdie and several representatives from the International Rushdie Defense Committee meet with members of the Foreign Office?
Who was Iran's foreign secretary?
What is what Robin Cook will be doing when a spokesman for the Foreign Office meets Kamal Kharazi tomorrow?
What is that?
What has always insisted that nothing short of a complete lifting of the death sentence would be an acceptable solution?
Who is as well as the revocation of the $2. 5 million bounty on Rushdie's head pledged by a revolutionary foundation in Tehran?
Who wrote the novel ``The Satanic Verses''?
What did the committee issue a statement saying about?
When has never explicitly revoked the death sentence, nor canceled the bounty?
What is what Robin Cook will be doing when he meets Kamal Kharazi tomorrow?
Who was Iran's president?
What was Rushdie accused of?
What has Britain always insisted?
What is the complete lifting as well as the revocation of the $2. 5 million bounty on Rushdie's head pledged by?
Who has the Iranian government said in the past that it would not actively encourage anyone to kill?
What do we 've always taken?
What is the complete lifting as well as pledged by a revolutionary foundation in Tehran?
Who met with members of the Foreign Office on Wednesday?
Who was Rushdie condemned to death in a religious decree by in 1989?
What was Rushdie condemned to by Ayatollah Ruhollah Khomeini in 1989?
What he has lived in safe houses around London, guarded around by British agents?
What has Britain always insisted that nothing short of a complete lifting of the death sentence would be?
Who seemed to signal a softening of Iran's position on Tuesday?
What has said in the past that it would not actively encourage anyone to kill Rushdie?
When has the Iranian government said that it would not actively encourage anyone to kill Rushdie?
What did Iran's president seem to signal a softening of?
What did LONDON _ The British government say Wednesday that it would continue to press Iran to lift on Thursday?
What issued a statement saying that it remained ``cautiously optimistic'' about Thursday's meeting?
Who was condemned to death in a religious decree by Ayatollah Ruhollah Khomeini in 1989?
When was Rushdie condemned to death in a religious decree by Ayatollah Ruhollah Khomeini?
Who said, ``We 're working to achieve a resolution to the problem that is going to be acceptable to both sides''?
Who was Mohammad Khatami?
What he has lived in safe houses around London, guarded around the clock by?
What has the Iranian government said in the past that it would not actively encourage to kill Rushdie?
What the author Salman Rushdie has lived in, guarded around the clock by British agents?
What did the committee issue?
What he has lived in, guarded around the clock by British agents?
Who was Robin Cook?
Who 've always taken the opportunity to press for assurances of Salman Rushdie's safety?
What has the Iranian government said in the past?
What the author Salman Rushdie has lived in safe houses around London, guarded around by British agents?
Who has lived in safe houses around London, guarded around the clock by British agents?
Who was its foreign secretary?
What has never explicitly revoked the death sentence, nor canceled the bounty?
Who was accused of blasphemy against Islam?
What is the death sentence in?
When did LONDON _ British Airways say that Iran would not permit the writer Salman Rushdie to fly on its planes?
What did LONDON _ British Airways say Friday that it would not permit the writer Salman Rushdie to fly on?
What did LONDON _ British Airways say Friday on?
Who has made many overseas trips since 1989?
What has Rushdie made since 1989?
Who said Friday that it would not permit the writer Salman Rushdie to fly on its planes?
When has Rushdie made many overseas trips?
Who have every sympathy with Rushdie's difficulties with overseas travel?
What is in the form of a religious edict?
Who said, ``We maintain close contact with the relevant authorities in all matters that might affect the safety and security of our passengers''?
Who did LONDON _ British Airways say Friday that Iran would not permit to fly on its planes?
When did LONDON _ British Airways say that it would not permit the writer Salman Rushdie to fly on its planes?
What did LONDON _ British Airways say Friday that Iran would not permit the writer Salman Rushdie to fly on?
Who is Bruce Tobin?
Who said Friday that Iran would not permit the writer Salman Rushdie to fly on its planes?
What do we have?
Who is a spokesman for the airline?
Who did LONDON _ British Airways say Friday that it would not permit to fly on its planes?
What did the ministry declare that authors have to receive permission prior to in a sudden about-face in its publication policy?
Who reported in February that former deputy guidance minister resigned over differences pertaining the new restrictions imposed on authors?
What came under heavy attacks in 1995 by the religious conservatives that took the ministry for allowing the publication of romantic novels?
When did TEHRAN declare here that it will take the case of insulting religious sanctities like the Rushdie affair to the United Nations?
What was March 7-- Iran?
What did the Ministry of Culture and Islamic Guidance come under by the religious conservatives that took the ministry for allowing the publication of romantic novels?
What did he say, ``We believe''?
Who did he add by?
What did liberal weekly Bahman report in February that former deputy guidance minister resigned over?
What did TEHRAN declare here today that it will take the case of insulting religious sanctities like the Rushdie affair to?
Who added that his ministry was committed to defend Islamic culture and rejected allegations by critics that his ministry took sides with the religious conservatives?
Who was Minister of Culture and Islamic Guidance?
Who answered the question by Xinhua?
Who said during his recent trip to central Asian states that Iran will resume talks with the European Union on the Rushdie issue?
What did the Iranian culture minister not say?
What did he say we have to defend?
Who said, ``We think there is room for such an action at different international forums including the U. N.''?
What intends to drop late religious leader Ayatollah Khomeini's fatwa against Salman Rushdie?
What did iranian Foreign Minister Ali Akbar Velayati say during his recent trip to central Asian states that Iran will resume on the Rushdie issue?
What did the ministry declare to in a sudden about-face in its publication policy?
What did Mostafa Mirsalim stress that the concept of freedom in the West led to?
What did iranian Foreign Minister Ali Akbar Velayati say during that Iran will resume talks with the European Union on the Rushdie issue?
Who was Mostafa Mirsalim?
What did he say, ``We think''?
What was Mostafa Mirsalim Minister of?
What declared that authors have to receive permission prior to publication of their books in a sudden about-face in its publication policy?
What did Mirsalim answer by Xinhua?
What did iranian Foreign Minister Ali Akbar Velayati say during his recent trip to central Asian states that Iran will resume talks with the European Union on?
What has resulted in the Rushdie issue?
Who stressed that the concept of freedom in the West led to violations of the rights of others?
What did liberal weekly Bahman report in February over?
What did iranian Foreign Minister Ali Akbar Velayati say during his recent trip to central Asian states on?
Who said we have to defend the Islamic culture?
Whose fatwa against Salman Rushdie did the Iranian culture minister not say?
When did liberal weekly Bahman report that former deputy guidance minister resigned over differences pertaining the new restrictions imposed on authors?
When was TEHRAN?
Who was former deputy guidance minister?
What did the ministry declare that authors have to receive permission prior to publication of their books in?
Who spoke through an interpreter to an international corps of reporters here to report on March 8th parliamentary elections?
Who did Mirsalim answer the question by?
What has insulting religious sanctities resulted in?
Who did Mostafa Mirsalim speak through?
What did he stress that the concept of freedom in the West led to?
What did TEHRAN declare here today to?
Who did he say have to defend the Islamic culture?
What did Mostafa Mirsalim stress to?
What did Mostafa Mirsalim say at a press conference here in?
Who did the Ministry of Culture and Islamic Guidance come under heavy attacks in 1995 by?
What did he stress to?
Who did not say whether Iran intends to drop late religious leader Ayatollah Khomeini's fatwa against Salman Rushdie?
What did Mostafa Mirsalim say at a press conference here that Iran will ask the United Nations to effectively put a ban on insulting religious sanctities in?
What did TEHRAN declare here today that it will take to the United Nations?
What did TEHRAN declare here today that it will take the case of to the United Nations?
Who was Ahmad Masjed Jame'ie?
Who did Salman Rushdie add by?
Who said ``Iran is planning to take the issue of insulting religious sanctities?''
What did the ministry declare that authors have to receive prior to publication of their books in a sudden about-face in its publication policy?
What declared here today that it will take the case of insulting religious sanctities like the Rushdie affair to the United Nations?
What had been committed to respecting the religious beliefs of the people?
Who did he speak through?
When did iranian President Akbar Hashemi Rafsanjani say at a press conference that ``the death sentence was never meant to be carried out?''
What did an observer here say that with U. S. pressure mounting on Iran, Iranian authorities have decided to solve the Rushdie issue to gain?
What did iranian Foreign Minister Ali Akbar Velayati reiterate here last week?
Who said at a press conference this morning that ``the death sentence was never meant to be carried out?''
What did iranian President Akbar Hashemi Rafsanjani say: made hue and cry over it?
What did iranian President Akbar Hashemi Rafsanjani say?
What did he say ``The question is not from''?
What did Mostafa Mirsalim say at a press conference held last week that Iran will take the case of to the United Nations?
What did Mostafa Mirsalim say in?
What did he say that Iran will ask the United Nations to effectively put in a bid to prevent disputes such as the Rushdie affair?
What did he say: made hue and cry over it?
Who said, ``The Iranians no longer want any of the troubles they went through over the Rushdie issue''?
What did he say ``from''?
Who do not allow it to be solved?
What did an observer here say that with U. S. pressure mounting on Iran, Iranian authorities have decided to solve the Rushdie issue to gain cooperation of?
What did one observer say, ``The Iranians no longer want any of the troubles over''?
Who said that the indirect Tehran-EU talks on Salman Rushdie is producing some understanding?
Who was Mostafa Mirsalim?
Who said ``The question is not whether but how to withdraw from previous position face both at home and abroad''?
Who said: The Europeans made hue and cry over it?
What was Mostafa Mirsalim Minister of?
What did iranian President Akbar Hashemi Rafsanjani add, ``Europe really do not think on''?
What did he say: The Europeans made over it?
What did an observer here say that with, Iranian authorities have decided to solve the Rushdie issue to gain cooperation of the European Union?
What did observers here say that the indirect Tehran-EU talks on Salman Rushdie is producing?
What did Mostafa Mirsalim say that Iran will ask the United Nations to effectively put in a bid to prevent disputes such as the Rushdie affair?
What did he add, ``We really do not think it is prudent on''?
What did iranian President Akbar Hashemi Rafsanjani say: The Europeans made over it?
Who added, ``We really do not think it is prudent that we would dwell on this issue so much''?
When did iranian Foreign Minister Ali Akbar Velayati reiterate here that Iran would not send anyone to kill the author?
What have the two sides agreed that the case should be regarded merely as?
What do not allow it to be solved?
Who said that Iran will ask the United Nations to effectively put a ban on insulting religious sanctities in a bid to prevent disputes such as the Rushdie affair?
What did he say that Iran will ask the United Nations to effectively put a ban on insulting religious sanctities in?
What have agreed that the case should be regarded merely as a religious and theoretical issue?
What did he say?
When announced here today that it drops the death sentence on Salman Rushdie?
What did he say in?
What did Rafsanjani add he only said?
Who said that Khomeini did not mean the death sentence to be a command?
What was Britain?
What did an observer say ``The question is not from''?
What did March 11-- Iran announce here today?
When can the fatwa issued by Imam Khomeini be found in all the books on Islamic law?
What did observers here say?
What did Mostafa Mirsalim say that Iran will ask to effectively put a ban on insulting religious sanctities in a bid to prevent disputes such as the Rushdie affair?
Who told prominent Egyptian journalist Muhammad Hassanein Haykal that there was a difference between a fatwa and hokm in 1993?
When did Rafsanjani tell prominent Egyptian journalist Muhammad Hassanein Haykal that there was a difference between a fatwa and hokm?
Who attacked Europe?
What did he add, ``We really do not think on''?
Who did Rafsanjani add only said something which existed in these books?
Who said at a press conference held last week that Iran will take the case of insulting religious sanctities like the Rushdie affair to the United Nations?
What did an observer here say that with U. S. pressure mounting on Iran, Iranian authorities have decided to solve to gain cooperation of the European Union?
Who was Minister of Culture and Islamic Guidance?
What did Mostafa Mirsalim say at a press conference held last week that Iran will take to the United Nations?
What did iranian President Akbar Hashemi Rafsanjani add, ``Europe really do not think the fatwa issued by Imam Khomeini is prudent on''?
How many sides have agreed that the case should be regarded merely as a religious and theoretical issue?
What did Mostafa Mirsalim say at a press conference held last week that Iran will take the case of insulting religious sanctities like the Rushdie affair to?
What did he say: The Europeans made hue and cry over?
What have the two sides agreed as?
Who added, ``Europe really do not think the fatwa issued by Imam Khomeini is prudent that we would dwell on this issue so much''?
What did March 11-- Iran announce here today that it drops?
What did Rafsanjani tell prominent Egyptian journalist Muhammad Hassanein Haykal that there was in 1993?
Who was Salman Rushdie?
What did iranian President Akbar Hashemi Rafsanjani say at this morning that ``the death sentence was never meant to be carried out?''
What did he say that Khomeini did not mean the death sentence to be?
Who did Rafsanjani tell that there was a difference between a fatwa and hokm in 1993?
What can the fatwa issued by Imam Khomeini be found in for the past 1,000 years?
What did iranian President Akbar Hashemi Rafsanjani say that Khomeini did not mean the death sentence to be?
What did an observer say ``from''?
What did an observer say ``is not whether but how to withdraw from previous position face both at home and abroad''?
What do they not allow to be solved?
What did Mostafa Mirsalim say that Iran will ask the United Nations to effectively put a ban on insulting religious sanctities in?
What do Europe not allow to be solved?
What did Mostafa Mirsalim say at a press conference held last week to?
Who here said that with U. S. pressure mounting on Iran, Iranian authorities have decided to solve the Rushdie issue to gain cooperation of the European Union?
What did iranian President Akbar Hashemi Rafsanjani say: The Europeans made hue and cry over?
What did Rafsanjani tell prominent Egyptian journalist Muhammad Hassanein Haykal in 1993?
When did March 11-- Iran announce here that it drops the death sentence on Salman Rushdie?
Who added he only said something which existed in these books?
What did he say ``is not whether but how to withdraw from previous position face both at home and abroad''?
What did iranian Foreign Minister Ali Akbar Velayati reiterate here last week that Iran would not send to kill the author?
What can be found in all the books on Islamic law for the past 1,000 years?
What did an observer here say with?
What did Mostafa Mirsalim say at that Iran will take the case of insulting religious sanctities like the Rushdie affair to the United Nations?
Who was a British writer accused of defaming Islam in his novel?
What did iranian President Akbar Hashemi Rafsanjani say that Khomeini did not mean to be a command?
What did he say that Khomeini did not mean to be a command?
Who reiterated here last week that Iran would not send anyone to kill the author?
What did Rafsanjani attack?
What did he say that Iran will ask to effectively put a ban on insulting religious sanctities in a bid to prevent disputes such as the Rushdie affair?
What was Europe?
Who did iranian Foreign Minister Ali Akbar Velayati reiterate here last week that Iran would not send anyone to kill?
What has drawn criticism from a national newspaper Jomhuri Eslami?
What did the official at presidential office say that Rafsanjani wanted to draw the attention to?
Who was as the Supreme Jurisprudent?
What did Mostafa Mirsalim say that Iran will ask the United Nations to effectively put in a bid to prevent disputes such as Rushdie affairs?
What has to be done regardless of time, place and individuals involved?
What did President Akbar Hashemi Rafsanjani say at that ``the death sentence was not essentially an Executive issue?''
What did Mostafa Mirsalim say that Iran will ask to effectively put a ban on insulting religious sanctities in a bid to prevent disputes such as Rushdie affairs?
Who did a high-ranking official at presidential office say here today TEHRAN-- Iran's Supreme Leader Ali Khamenei is?
What have given into tremendous pressures from the European Union after the death of Khomeini?
What did Mostafa Mirsalim say at a press conference held last week that Iran will take the case of to the United Nations?
What did Mostafa Mirsalim say in?
What did he say that Iran will ask to effectively put a ban on insulting religious sanctities in a bid to prevent disputes such as Rushdie affairs?
What did a high-ranking official at presidential office say here today is the only person who has the authority to cancel the death sentence on Salman Rushdie?
What was March 13?
What did the two sides say that with, Iranian authorities have decided to solve the Rushdie issue to gain the cooperation of the European Union?
What warned the decree hence cannot be changed to adjust to new political conditions?
What did the official at presidential office say that Rafsanjani wanted to draw to the religious importance of the decree?
What have been given to European Union by President Rafsanjani and Parliament Speaker Ali Akbar Nateq-Nouri?
Who added, ``The British with their hue and cry wanted to make it sound that the decree was an executive one''?
What did President Akbar Hashemi Rafsanjani say at a press conference here Monday?
What said, ``an end was the British themselves who did not want to have this issue resolved''?
Who was Mostafa Mirsalim?
Who said that the indirect talks on Salman Rushdie between EU and Tehran is producing some understanding?
Who said that with U. S. pressures mounting on Iran, Iranian authorities have decided to solve the Rushdie issue to gain the cooperation of the European Union?
What issued an editorial Tuesday?
What did the paper say?
What was Mostafa Mirsalim Minister of?
What did Foreign Minister Ali Akbar Velayati tell a press conference here last week that Iran would not send to kill Rushdie?
Who said that Rafsanjani wanted to draw the attention to the religious importance of the decree?
Who said at a press conference here Monday that the sentence on Salman Rushdie was an issue of Islamic law?
Who was the decree issued by?
What did the paper say that Rushdie still has to face because ``no one has the right to change the divine command''?
Who said at a press conference here Monday that ``the death sentence was not essentially an Executive issue?''
What did a political analyst here say ``is not whether, but how''?
What has not been canceled?
When was TEHRAN?
How many sides have agreed the case be regarded merely as a religious and theoretical issue?
What did President Akbar Hashemi Rafsanjani say at that ``it was not essentially an Executive issue?''
What said that with U. S. pressures mounting on Iran, Iranian authorities have decided to solve the Rushdie issue to gain the cooperation of the European Union?
What did they say that with U. S. pressures mounting on Iran, Iranian authorities have decided to solve the Rushdie issue to gain the cooperation of?
What have iranian authorities given into after the death of Khomeini?
Who said, ``even now their actions show they do not seek an end to it''?
What did it warn the decree is not?
What did he say that Iran will ask the United Nations to effectively put in a bid to prevent disputes such as Rushdie affairs?
Who has Rafsanjani's Monday statement on Rushdie drawn criticism from?
What have agreed the case be regarded merely as a religious and theoretical issue?
Who have similar assurances been given to European Union by?
Who said at a press conference here Monday that ``it was not essentially an Executive issue?''
What did a political analyst here say ``The question is not''?
When does this punishment have to be done regardless involved?
Who does the death promise not to dispatch to kill Rushdie?
What did they say that with U. S. pressures mounting on Iran, Iranian authorities have decided to solve the Rushdie issue to gain?
What did he say that Iran will ask the United Nations to effectively put a ban on insulting religious sanctities in?
How many sides said that with U. S. pressures mounting on Iran, Iranian authorities have decided to solve the Rushdie issue to gain the cooperation of the European Union?
Who do iranian authorities also face tremendous pressure and opposition from?
What did the decree warn is not a governmental or personal decree?
What did he add, ``The British with their hue and cry wanted to make it sound''?
What did he say, ``even now their actions show to''?
What did he say in?
What did a political analyst here say ?
What did the two sides say that with U. S. pressures mounting on Iran, Iranian authorities have decided to solve the Rushdie issue to gain the cooperation of?
Who did the official at presidential office who spoke on condition of anonymity say by?
Who said here today TEHRAN-- Iran's Supreme Leader Ali Khamenei is the only person who has the authority to cancel the death sentence on Salman Rushdie?
What did the two sides say that with U. S. pressures mounting on Iran, Iranian authorities have decided to solve the Rushdie issue to gain?
What did the decree warn the decree is not?
What did they say with?
What did observers here say?
What did he say, ``it was the British''?
What have the two sides agreed be regarded merely as a religious and theoretical issue?
What did they say that with U. S. pressures mounting on Iran, Iranian authorities have decided to solve to gain the cooperation of the European Union?
Whose Monday statement on Rushdie has drawn criticism from a national newspaper Jomhuri Eslami?
What have the two sides agreed the case be regarded merely as?
What have iranian officials stated recently with?
Who have stated recently that they want to adopt a protective stance with regard to issues such as Rushdie affair?
What does no one have?
What did it warn hence cannot be changed to adjust to new political conditions?
Who said at a press conference held last week that Iran will take the case of insulting religious sanctities like the Rushdie affair to the United Nations?
Who was Minister of Culture and Islamic Guidance?
What did President Akbar Hashemi Rafsanjani say at a press conference here Monday that the sentence on Salman Rushdie was an issue of?
Who said, ``The president wanted to make a distinction between a religious, jurisprudential decree and an executive, administrative one''?
What did the decree warn hence cannot be changed to adjust to new political conditions?
What was issued by a religious scholar of the high stature of Khomeini?
What did Mostafa Mirsalim say at a press conference held last week that Iran will take to the United Nations?
What did Mostafa Mirsalim say at a press conference held last week that Iran will take the case of insulting religious sanctities like the Rushdie affair to?
What has turned into a big controversial problem that hinders the relations between Iran and European countries?
What did President Akbar Hashemi Rafsanjani say at a press conference here Monday that the sentence on Salman Rushdie was?
What do iranian authorities also face from the religious extremists inside the country on the issue of Rushdie?
What have similar assurances been given to by President Rafsanjani and Parliament Speaker Ali Akbar Nateq-Nouri?
What did the official at presidential office say to?
What did observers here say that the indirect talks on Salman Rushdie between EU and Tehran is producing?
Who said ``The question is not whether, but how''?
What promises not to dispatch any commandos to kill Rushdie?
What did Mostafa Mirsalim say that Iran will ask the United Nations to effectively put a ban on insulting religious sanctities in?
What did it warn is not a governmental or personal decree?
What did Mostafa Mirsalim say at a press conference held last week to?
What have iranian authorities given into tremendous pressures from the European Union after?
Who does the death promise not to dispatch any commandos to kill?
What has Rafsanjani's Monday statement on Rushdie drawn from a national newspaper Jomhuri Eslami?
What did Foreign Minister Ali Akbar Velayati tell a press conference here last week?
What did Mostafa Mirsalim say at that Iran will take the case of insulting religious sanctities like the Rushdie affair to the United Nations?
What did fact say, ``an end was the British''?
What did the two sides say with?
Who was Ayatollah Khamenei as?
What warned the decree is not a governmental or personal decree?
What said that Rushdie still has to face death sentence because ``no one has the right to change the divine command''?
Who said that since the decree was issued by a religious scholar of the high stature of Khomeini it could not be changed by officials?
Who told Xinhua today?
What have iranian officials stated recently that they want to adopt with regard to issues such as Rushdie affair?
What did the two sides say that with U. S. pressures mounting on Iran, Iranian authorities have decided to solve to gain the cooperation of the European Union?
What did President Akbar Hashemi Rafsanjani say at that the sentence on Salman Rushdie was an issue of Islamic law?
What have iranian officials stated recently that they want to adopt a protective stance with?
What has the Rushdie issue turned into?
Who told a press conference here last week that Iran would not send anyone to kill Rushdie?
What also face tremendous pressure and opposition from the religious extremists inside the country on the issue of Rushdie?
What was except for Ayatollah Khamenei?
What did they say that with, Iranian authorities have decided to solve the Rushdie issue to gain the cooperation of the European Union?
Who said that Iran will ask the United Nations to effectively put a ban on insulting religious sanctities in a bid to prevent disputes such as Rushdie affairs?
Who did Foreign Minister Ali Akbar Velayati tell a press conference here last week that Iran would not send anyone to kill?
What has the right to change the divine command?
Who said, ``it was the British themselves who did not want to have this issue resolved''?
What has Ludovico Ortona already left for Rome to make preparations for?
What did Italy and Iran sign an agreement in November for several industrial projects totalling 561 million U. S. dollars from?
Where did the source say?
What will TEHRAN start his two-day official visit Tuesday to Italy in a bid do improve?
Who is Ludovico Ortona?
What said that Iran-Italian economic relations will be on the top of agenda between Velayati and Ludovico Ortona Lamberto Dini?
What will start his two-day official visit Tuesday to Italy in a bid improve the bilateral relations?
What will TEHRAN start iranian Foreign Minister Ali Akbar Velayati Tuesday to Italy in do improve the bilateral relations?
Who did an Iranian source from the Foreign Ministry say on?
What will be financed by the Italian Bank Medtocredito along with a number of other banks?
What has turned into a big controversial problem that hinders the relations between Iran and European countries?
What did Italy and Iran sign an agreement in November for from England, France, Japan, Netherlands and Germany?
What has Ludovico Ortona already left for to make preparations for the high-level bilateral talks?
What will TEHRAN start iranian Foreign Minister Ali Akbar Velayati Tuesday to in a bid do improve the bilateral relations?
What did Italy and Iran sign in November for several industrial projects totalling 561 million U. S. dollars from England, France, Japan, Netherlands and Germany?
What will TEHRAN start his two-day official visit Tuesday to in a bid do improve the bilateral relations?
Where will TEHRAN start iranian Foreign Minister Ali Akbar Velayati Tuesday in a bid do improve the bilateral relations?
What said that Velayati will also call on Italian President Oscar Luigi Scalfaro?
Where did the source say that Iran-Italian economic relations will be?
What did the source say that Iran-Italian economic relations will be on?
What signed an agreement in November for several industrial projects totalling 561 million U. S. dollars from England, France, Japan, Netherlands and Germany?
What will TEHRAN start his two-day official visit Tuesday to Italy in do improve the bilateral relations?
What has Ludovico Ortona already left for Rome to make for the high-level bilateral talks?
Who has already left for Rome to make preparations for the high-level bilateral talks?
What will 561 million U. S. dollars be financed by along with a number of other banks?
Who did an Iranian source from the Foreign Ministry say that Velayati will also call on?
Who declined to comment on whether the thorny issue of the Salman Rushdie affairs will be dealt with during his forthcoming trip to Italy?
What has the Rushdie issue turned into?
Where will TEHRAN start his two-day official visit Tuesday in a bid do improve the bilateral relations?
When did Italy and Iran sign an agreement for several industrial projects totalling 561 million U. S. dollars from England, France, Japan, Netherlands and Germany?
What will TEHRAN start iranian Foreign Minister Ali Akbar Velayati Tuesday to Italy in a bid do improve?
What did the source say on?
What said that Iran-Italian economic relations will be on the top of agenda between Velayati and his Italian counterpart Lamberto Dini?
How many U. S. dollars will be financed by the Italian Bank Medtocredito along with a number of other banks?
Who is Italian Ambassador to Iran?
What will start iranian Foreign Minister Ali Akbar Velayati Tuesday to Italy in a bid improve the bilateral relations?
What did President Hashemi Rafsanjani declare in a press conference held here today that the reward has?
Who did Sanai'e say to?
What did Ayatollah Khomeini issue on February 14,1989?
What added, There is nothing more to the foundation than seeing Imam Khomeini's decree executed?
Who do iranian authorities reportedly face tremendous pressure and opposition from?
When was the book published?
What has TEHRAN raised from 2 million U. S. dollars to 2. 5 million dollars?
What has TEHRAN raised its reward for killing British author Salman Rushdie from to 2. 5 million dollars?
What did Ayatollah Khomeini announce in protest at the publication of his novel?
Who was representative of Iran's Supreme Leader Ali Khamenei and head of the Khordad Foundation?
Who was Islam's founder?
What was the Prophet Mohammed?
What did the Persian Daily Jumhuri Islami report today?
What did the report say that the clergyman made the announcement on?''
What did Sanai'e say that the interests on the reward money would also be paid to the executor of the decree right from?
Who was February 14,1989?
What has turned into a big controversial problem that hinders the relations between Iran and European countries?
What has promised not to dispatch any commandos to kill Rushdie?
What reportedly face tremendous pressure and opposition from the religious extremists inside the country on the issue?
When did the Persian Daily Jumhuri Islami report that Ayatollah Sheikh Jassan Sanai'e has announced the decision for raising the reward?
When did Ayatollah Khomeini issue a religious edict?
What has raised its reward for killing British author Salman Rushdie from 2 million U. S. dollars to 2. 5 million dollars?
What did President Hashemi Rafsanjani declare in that the reward has nothing to do with the government?
When is TEHRAN?
Who was Ayatollah Sheikh Jassan Sanai'e?
What did the Persian Daily Jumhuri Islami report today that Ayatollah Sheikh Jassan Sanai'e has announced for raising the reward?
When was the late Iranian leader?
Who claimed, ``The government policy still remains the same''?
Who announced the death sentence of Salman Rushdie and his publishers in protest at the publication of his novel?
Who declared in a press conference held here today that the reward has nothing to do with the government?
What did Ayatollah Khomeini announce the death sentence of Salman Rushdie and his publishers in at the publication of his novel?
Who consider the book blasphemous for the report's irreverent treatment of the Prophet Mohammed?
What reported today that Ayatollah Sheikh Jassan Sanai'e has announced the decision for raising the reward?
Who did Sanai'e say that the interests on the reward money would also be paid to right from the beginning?
Who was Ayatollah Sheikh Jassan Sanai'e representative of?
Who issued a religious edict on February 14,1989?
What do muslim fundamentalists consider?
What did President Hashemi Rafsanjani declare in a press conference held here today?
Who has Iran promised not to dispatch to kill Rushdie?
Who said that the interests on the reward money would also be paid to the executor of the decree right from the beginning?
What did Ayatollah Khomeini announce the death sentence of Salman Rushdie and his publishers in protest at?
What has TEHRAN raised its reward for killing British author Salman Rushdie from 2 million U. S. dollars to?
What is February 12-- A private Iranian foundation?
What do iranian authorities reportedly face from the religious extremists inside the country on the issue?
What has the Rushdie issue turned into?
What did the report say on?''
Who reacted very strongly after the book was published in 1989?
Who consider the book blasphemous for its irreverent treatment of the Prophet Mohammed?
Who did Ayatollah Khomeini announce the death sentence of in protest at the publication of his novel?
What was published in 1989?
Who has Iran promised not to dispatch any commandos to kill?
What did Mohammadi say?''
What warned on Sunday it's ties with Norway might further worsen if Oslo continues support for Salman Rushdie?
What was March 29-- Iran?
What did he say Norway's move defied?
What did TEHRAN warn on Sunday's ties with Norway might further worsen if Oslo continues support for Salman Rushdie?
What did Iran and Norway recall their ambassadors in December 1994 over?
What did Foreign Ministry spokesman Mahmoud Mohammadi say Norway's move defied?
What have Iran's late Spiritual Leader Ayatollah Ruhollah Khomenei's ties since been kept at?
What did Foreign Ministry spokesman Mahmoud Mohammadi say?
Who was Rushdie condemned to death in 1989 by for his novel ``the Satanic Verses,'' which was regarded as an insult to the Islamic Prophet Muhammad?
When did Iran and Norway recall their ambassadors over Norway's support for Rushdie?
Who said Norway's move defied the new international consensus which views understanding among nations and dialogue among cultures and civilizations necessary for peaceful coexistence in the world?
What have their ties since been kept at?
What did Mohammadi say would continue ``unabatedly?''
Who said the restrictions Iran imposed on its commercial and political relations with Norway would continue ``unabatedly?''
Who was Salman Rushdie?
Who was a British writer condemned to death by Iran for his ``blasphemous'' novel?
Whose move did he say?
Who said ``the meeting constituted a support for Rushdie's desecration of Islamic sanctities?''
Whose move did he say defied the new international consensus which views understanding among nations and dialogue among cultures and civilizations necessary for peaceful coexistence in the world?
What did TEHRAN warn on Sunday it's?
When was TEHRAN?
What did he say defied the new international consensus which views understanding among nations and dialogue among cultures and civilizations necessary for peaceful coexistence in the world?
What did Mohammadi react to?
What was Rushdie condemned to death in 1989 by Iran's late Spiritual Leader Ayatollah Ruhollah Khomenei for?
What did TEHRAN warn on Sunday?
Whose ties have since been kept at the level of charge d' affaires?
What did TEHRAN warn on Sunday it's might further worsen if Oslo continues support for Salman Rushdie?
Who reacted to a recent meeting between Norwegian Prime Minister Kjell Magne Bondevik and Rushdie?
What have since been kept at the level of charge d' affaires?
Who did Iran and Norway recall in December 1994 over Norway's support for Rushdie?
What recalled their ambassadors in December 1994 over Norway's support for Rushdie?
What did he say?
When did TEHRAN warn it's ties with Norway might further worsen if Oslo continues support for Salman Rushdie?
What is the biggest loss to me?
What announced a lifting of the death sentence on September 24 this year?
What was Sunday?
What is that my relationship with India has been thoroughly damaged?
Who did Rushdie say in a recent interview published in the latest issue of Sunday India prevented from going to India?
What did Rushdie say in India prevented me from going to India?
When was a weekly magazine?
Who said in a recent interview published in the latest issue of Sunday India prevented me from going to India?
What did Rushdie say in a recent interview published in the latest issue of Sunday prevented me from going to India?
