Who told Parliament that India would welcome any international initiative on global disarmament?
Who did groups opposed to Indian rule of their Himalayan territory say believe the world was now paying attention to their protests?
What fears the Geneva talks will focus on Kashmir?
What did groups opposed to Indian rule of their Himalayan territory say they believe to?
What did groups opposed to Indian rule of their Himalayan territory say they believe the world was now paying attention to?
What is the conference a coalition of to form an independent country or join Pakistan?
What does India say?
Where did the five foreign secretaries meet as the permanent members of the U. N. Security Council?
What was Athar Hussain director of?
Where does India fear the Geneva talks will focus?
What is worried about being pushed to make concessions?
Who did the five foreign secretaries meet in Geneva as?
What does India adamantly insist it remain?
What did Vajpayee tell Parliament?
Who was Athar Hussain?
What do not force Britain France, Russia and the United States to give up their nuclear arsenals?
Who asks what is the root cause of the current antagonism?
Who said focusing on South Asia alone was unfair?
What does India fear on?
What does India fear the Geneva talks will focus on?
How many foreign secretaries met in Geneva as the permanent members of the U. N. Security Council?
What did groups opposed to Indian rule of their Himalayan territory shut down?
What does India repeatedly accuse?
What has India long spurned?
What is held by officially Islamic Pakistan by predominately Hindu India?
What thinks it's at a disadvantage in one-on-one talks?
What adamantly insists it remain a bilateral issue?
What does Pakistan think's at a disadvantage in one-on-one talks?
Who do not force Britain France, Russia and the United States to give up their nuclear arsenals?
What did the five foreign secretaries meet in as the permanent members of the U. N. Security Council?
What is focused on finding ways to stop the escalating South Asian nuclear arms race?
What did groups opposed to Indian rule of meeting in Geneva as the permanent members of the U. N. Security Council's Himalayan territory say to?
Who also said India and Pakistan were under ``unwarranted'' pressure to sign a global test ban treaty?
What cleared streets of traffic with a general strike in the capital of India's Jammu-Kashmir state Thursday?
What is resolved as per the wishes of the people under international principles?
What did groups opposed to Indian rule of their Himalayan territory say believe the world was now paying attention to their protests?
What did Vajpayee repeat?
What was Indian Prime Minister Atal Bihari Vajpayee during?
What do they not force to give up their nuclear arsenals?
Where did Vajpayee say focusing alone was unfair?
What does India adamantly insist?
What does Pakistan think at?
What do you ask?
What has long pressed for the Kashmiri dispute to be addressed in an international forum?
What is Pakistan much smaller than?
Where does India fear?
What does India say are discriminatory because they do not force Britain France, Russia and the United States to give up their nuclear arsenals?
Who says it lends only moral support?
What says they are discriminatory because they do not force Britain France, Russia and the United States to give up their nuclear arsenals?
What are both perfecting missiles to deliver?
Who does India say are discriminatory because they do not force Britain France, Russia and the United States to give up their nuclear arsenals?
What did Indian Prime Minister Atal Bihari Vajpayee reject the possibility of?
What is the issue resolved as per?
What repeatedly accuses Pakistan of arming and training anti-Indian groups in Kashmir?
What has long spurned both the Comprehensive Test Ban Treaty and the Nuclear Non-Proliferation Treaty?
Who rejected the possibility of international mediation?
What has Pakistan long pressed for to be addressed in an international forum?
What are both perfecting to deliver their bombs?
What does Pakistan think it's at?
What were two of the Indo-Pakistani wars over?
What did Indian Prime Minister Atal Bihari Vajpayee reject?
What did Vajpayee also say were under ``unwarranted'' pressure to sign a global test ban treaty?
What did Vajpayee also say India and Pakistan were under?
What does India fear will focus on Kashmir?
What did groups opposed to Indian rule of meeting in Geneva as the permanent members of the U. N. Security Council's Himalayan territory clear streets of traffic with Thursday?
What is officially Islamic Pakistan?
What does India adamantly insist remain a bilateral issue?
How many foreign secretaries were expected to call on India to sign the NPT and the CTBT?
What are perfecting missiles to deliver their bombs?
What do both the Comprehensive Test Ban Treaty and the Nuclear Non-Proliferation Treaty not force to give up their nuclear arsenals?
Who was director of the London School of Economics ' Asia Research Center?
Where did Vajpayee say?
What does nEW DELHI likely mean?
What said they believe the world was now paying attention to their protests?
What did Vajpayee tell that India would welcome any international initiative on global disarmament?
What does Pakistan say it lends only?
What does Pakistan say?
Who met in Geneva as the permanent members of the U. N. Security Council?
What does nEW DELHI likely mean that the world's five original nuclear powers will address?
What did groups opposed to Indian rule of their Himalayan territory clear streets of traffic with Thursday?
Who repeated calls for bilateral talks with Pakistan?
What do both countries claim?
Who called Syed Ali Shah Geelani's All Parties the strike in Srinagar city?
What claim Kashmir?
Who was during a meeting Wednesday with visiting Iranian Foreign Minister Kamal Kharrazi?
What do they not force Britain France, Russia and the United States to give up?
What shut down shops?
What is much smaller than India?
Who is the rest?
What is the conference?
What did groups opposed to Indian rule of their Himalayan territory say they believe the world was now paying to their protests?
Who is one-third of the largely Muslim Himalayan territory held by officially Islamic Pakistan by?
Who were expected to call on India to sign the NPT and the CTBT?
What does Pakistan say lends only moral support?
What did Vajpayee say on?
Where were two of the Indo-Pakistani wars?
What has Pakistan long pressed for the Kashmiri dispute to be addressed in?
What did groups opposed to Indian rule of meeting in Geneva as the permanent members of the U. N. Security Council's Himalayan territory shut down?
What says India lends only moral support?
What did Vajpayee say focusing on alone was unfair?
What is a coalition of parties who want Indian-held Kashmir to break away either to form an independent country or join Pakistan?
What does Pakistan say India lends only?
What were over Kashmir?
What did groups opposed to Indian rule of their Himalayan territory say they believe was now paying attention to their protests?
Who is one-third of the largely Muslim Himalayan territory held by by predominately Hindu India?
What did Vajpayee tell Parliament that India would welcome?
What do both the Comprehensive Test Ban Treaty and the Nuclear Non-Proliferation Treaty not force Britain France, Russia and the United States to give up?
What did groups opposed to Indian rule of meeting in Geneva as the permanent members of the U. N. Security Council's Himalayan territory say they believe to?
What does India repeatedly accuse Pakistan of?
What did Vajpayee also say under?
What did groups opposed to Indian rule of their Himalayan territory say to?
What likely means that the world's five original nuclear powers will address the main dispute between the two countries: Kashmir?
What claimed a total of 11 nuclear tests last month?
What called on them to refrain from further nuclear tests?
Who underscored the urgency of India and Pakistan rejoining the global arms-control movement they sent staggering last month when India and then Pakistan conducted nuclear weapons tests?
Whose joint efforts did tang say?''
Who met separately with Tang and Russian Foreign Minister Yevgeny Primakov before diplomats from the five powers convened to approve the joint communique on the India-Pakistan crisis?
What do GENEVA call on to resolve further nuclear tests's differences with direct talks?
What does the treaty impose on nuclear powers specifically, the leaders urged without?
Who said the purpose of the meeting was ``to channel our joint efforts to arrest the nuclear arms race in South Asia?''
What was in defiance of world opinion?
What did chinese Foreign Minister Tang Jiaxuan say the communique from the major nuclear powers would not instantly change the behavior of?
What hinted at the Chinese inclination toward Pakistan in State Madeleine Albright's description of the events of the past month?
What did chinese Foreign Minister Tang Jiaxuan say?
How many nations adopted a united stance despite differing perspectives?
What did Tang hint at in his description of the events of the past month?
What did he say?''
What do GENEVA call on the five longstanding nuclear states refused Thursday to admit India or Pakistan into the nuclear club to resolve with direct talks?
Who called the meeting at U. N. offices here?
What did Albright call here?
Who said, ``It is a strong message from the permanent members of the Security Council''?
What do GENEVA call on them to resolve their differences with?
What do GENEVA _?
What do GENEVA call on to resolve their differences with direct talks?
What did chinese Foreign Minister Tang Jiaxuan say would not instantly change the behavior of India or Pakistan?
Who said, ``We are prepared to help India and pakistan maintain peace if they are prepared to do the right thing''?
What said the purpose of the meeting was ``to channel the leaders's joint efforts to arrest the nuclear arms race in South Asia?''
Whose description of the events of the past month did Tang hint at the Chinese inclination toward Pakistan in?
What did tang say was ``to channel the leaders's joint efforts to arrest the nuclear arms race in South Asia?''
What called on them to resolve their differences with direct talks?
What did chinese Foreign Minister Tang Jiaxuan say the communique from the major nuclear powers would not instantly change?
What called on the five longstanding nuclear states refused Thursday to admit India or Pakistan into the nuclear club to resolve further nuclear tests's differences with direct talks?
What had been undermined?
What does the treaty impose on nuclear powers specifically, they urged without?
Who said the communique from the major nuclear powers would not instantly change the behavior of India or Pakistan?
What did Tang hint at in State Madeleine Albright's description of the events of the past month?
What _ The five longstanding nuclear states refused Thursday to admit India or Pakistan into the nuclear club?
What said, ``Tension in the region is mounting''?
What did he say was ``to channel our joint efforts to arrest the nuclear arms race in South Asia?''
What did tang open the meeting by saying on?
What did the five nations adopt a united stance despite?
What did the leaders underscore they sent staggering last month when India and then Pakistan conducted nuclear weapons tests?
What did the five nations adopt despite differing perspectives?
What called on the five longstanding nuclear states refused Thursday to admit India or Pakistan into the nuclear club to refrain from further nuclear tests?
What do GENEVA call on them to refrain from?
What do GENEVA call on the five longstanding nuclear states refused Thursday to admit India or Pakistan into the nuclear club to refrain from?
What did tang say?''
What do GENEVA call on to refrain from further nuclear tests?
What said?
What did Tang hint at the Chinese inclination toward Pakistan in?
Who do GENEVA call on to resolve their differences with direct talks?
What was India in?
How many longstanding nuclear states refused Thursday to admit India or Pakistan into the nuclear club do GENEVA _?
What adopted a united stance despite differing perspectives?
Who did the leaders underscore the urgency of India and Pakistan rejoining the global arms-control movement sent staggering last month when India and then Pakistan conducted nuclear weapons tests?
What do GENEVA call on the five longstanding nuclear states refused Thursday to admit India or Pakistan into the nuclear club to resolve further nuclear tests's differences with?
What did diplomats from the five powers convene to approve the joint communique on?
What does the treaty impose on nuclear powers specifically, the leaders urged both nations to sign the Comprehensive Test Ban Treaty unconditionally _ meaning without?
What did U. S. officials say?
What do GENEVA call on them to resolve with direct talks?
Where did tang open the meeting by saying?
Who convened to approve the joint communique on the India-Pakistan crisis?
What did Albright meet separately with before diplomats from the five powers convened to approve the joint communique on the India-Pakistan crisis?
What did diplomats from the five powers convene to approve on the India-Pakistan crisis?
What does the treaty impose on nuclear powers specifically, they urged both nations to sign the Comprehensive Test Ban Treaty unconditionally _ meaning without?
What did the leaders underscore the urgency of India and Pakistan rejoining the global arms-control movement?
Who do GENEVA call on to refrain from further nuclear tests?
What did the leaders underscore the urgency of rejoining the global arms-control movement they sent staggering last month when India and then Pakistan conducted nuclear weapons tests?
What hinted at the Chinese inclination toward Pakistan in his description of the events of the past month?
When did the leaders underscore the urgency of India and Pakistan rejoining the global arms-control movement they sent staggering when India and then Pakistan conducted nuclear weapons tests?
What did the leaders underscore the urgency of India and Pakistan rejoining the global arms-control movement sent staggering last month when India and then Pakistan conducted nuclear weapons tests?
What can the Security Council ``continue to ignore ``for elimination of nuclear weapons''?
What do the five _ also?''
What does the five follow?
What have India and Pakistan refused to sign?
What urges both countries to halt the development of missiles capable of carrying nuclear warheads and calls on them to sign nuclear arms control treaties?
What did the draft resolution repeat that although India and Pakistan have exploded nuclear devices, they would not be accorded status as nuclear states?
What was the resolution co-sponsored by?
What does a Japanese resolution urging India and Pakistan to halt nuclear weapons programs and denying nuclear status to the two rivals also ask to exercise restraint?
What did President Antonio Monteiro say the resolution involved ``sovereign decisions taken by member states in which the council has any role'' in?
When was unclear whether the resolution would be put to a vote Friday night or possibly Saturday?
What have India and Pakistan fought since 1947 _ two of them Kashmir which is divided between them?
What did the draft resolution repeat the position of the five as?
What have fought three wars since 1947 _ two of them Kashmir which is divided between them?
What did Japan push for quick council action on the resolution as a followup to?
What does the draft resolution urge both countries to halt the development of to sign nuclear arms control treaties?
What does it also ask India and Pakistan to find?''
What did the Security Council consider UNITED NATIONS _ Hoping to curb the nuclear arms race in South Asia?
What did the draft resolution repeat the position of the five that although India and Pakistan have exploded nuclear devices, they would not be accorded as nuclear states?
What have India and Pakistan exploded?
How many wars have India and Pakistan fought since 1947 _ two of them Kashmir which is divided between them?
What did the Security Council consider a Japanese resolution urging India and Pakistan to halt nuclear weapons programs _ Hoping to curb the nuclear arms race in South Asia?
Who was India's U. N. ambassador?
What was the United States?
Who was Kamalesh Sharma?
What was Russia, Britain, France and China?
What did the Security Council consider a Japanese resolution denying nuclear status to the two rivals _ Hoping to curb the nuclear arms race in South Asia?
What can the Security Council ``continue to ignore the overwhelming demand'' of the rest of the world ``for''?
What repeated the position of the five that although India and Pakistan have exploded nuclear devices, they would not be accorded status as nuclear states?
What does it also ask to find ``mutually acceptable solutions'' to the ``root causes of those tensions?''
What also asks India and Pakistan to exercise restraint?
What was co-sponsored by Sweden and Costa Rica?
Who said the resolution involved ``sovereign decisions taken by member states in which the council has any role'' in a letter to council?
What points to that exemption as unfair?
What did Council diplomats continue closed-door consultations late Friday trying to work out?
When was late Friday unclear whether the resolution would be put to a vote Friday night or possibly?
What was unclear whether the resolution would be put to a vote Friday night or possibly Saturday?
What did the draft resolution repeat the position of that although India and Pakistan have exploded nuclear devices, they would not be accorded status as nuclear states?
What did President Antonio Monteiro say in a letter to council?
What were the five countries under the 1970 Nuclear Non-Proliferation Treaty?
What were member states?
What did President Antonio Monteiro say the resolution involved in a letter to council?
What considered a Japanese resolution denying nuclear status to the two rivals UNITED NATIONS _ Hoping to curb the nuclear arms race in South Asia?
What did Japan push for as a followup to Thursday's meeting in Geneva of foreign ministers of the five longtime nuclear states _ the United States?
What can ``continue to ignore the overwhelming demand'' of the rest of the world ``for elimination of nuclear weapons''?
What did India accuse?
What did the Security Council consider a Japanese resolution urging India and Pakistan to halt nuclear weapons programs UNITED NATIONS _ Hoping to curb?
What were matters?
What did the Japanese resolution also welcome an offer by Secretary-General Kofi Annan to encourage India and Pakistan to resume?
What accused the council of overstepping its authority?
What questioned why the members were tolerating ``the continued retention of nuclear weapons by the nuclear weapons states,'' who are all permanent members of the council?
What were the only ones allowed to maintain nuclear arsenals under the 1970 Nuclear Non-Proliferation Treaty?
What does the draft resolution urge to halt the development of missiles capable of carrying nuclear warheads and calls on them to sign nuclear arms control treaties?
What does a Japanese resolution urging India and Pakistan to halt nuclear weapons programs and denying nuclear status to the two rivals also ask India and Pakistan to exercise?
What did the draft resolution repeat the position of the five that although India and Pakistan have exploded nuclear devices, they would not be accorded status as?
What follows the Geneva meeting?
What were the five countries the only ones allowed to maintain nuclear arsenals under?
What have refused to sign the treaty?
How many countries were the only ones allowed to maintain nuclear arsenals under the 1970 Nuclear Non-Proliferation Treaty?
What considered a Japanese resolution urging India and Pakistan to halt nuclear weapons programs UNITED NATIONS _ Hoping to curb the nuclear arms race in South Asia?
What does India and Pakistan point to as unfair?
What also asks India and Pakistan to find ``mutually acceptable solutions'' to the ``root causes of those tensions?''
What did Sharma ask for'' when the most important council members refuse to dismantle their own arsenals?
What does it also ask India and Pakistan to exercise?
What does it also ask to exercise restraint?
When was it unclear whether the resolution would be put to a vote Friday night or possibly?
When have India and Pakistan fought three wars?
What does the draft resolution urge both countries to halt to sign nuclear arms control treaties?
Who was President Antonio Monteiro?
What did the Security Council consider a Japanese resolution denying nuclear status to the two rivals UNITED NATIONS _ Hoping to curb?
What did President Antonio Monteiro say involved ``sovereign decisions taken by member states in which the council has any role'' in a letter to council?
What can the Security Council ``continue to ignore the overwhelming demand'' of ``for elimination of nuclear weapons''?
What have exploded nuclear devices?
What also welcomed an offer by Secretary-General Kofi Annan to encourage India and Pakistan to resume a high-level dialogue which broke down last year because of differences over Kashmir?
Who reiterated his offer for the resumption of dialogue process with India?
What was he asked about?
What condemned the nuclear tests by both India and Pakistan last month asking them to sign NPT and CTBT?
What did Sharif say is upto India. . . to agree to a serious, substantive and meaningful dialogue on all outstanding issues?
What exploded six nuclear devices last month ``to correct strategic imbalance'' triggered by five underground nuclear tests by its rival India on May 11 and 13?
What a foreign office spokesman here said ``has ignored the reality on the ground''?
Who did the security council condemn the nuclear tests by both India and Pakistan last month asking to sign NPT and CTBT?
What a foreign office spokesman here said ``The council has ignored on the ground''?
What did an overnight UN resolution urge to sign the NPT and the Comprehensive Test Ban Treaty as non-nuclear states?
Who did the security council condemn the nuclear tests by both India and Pakistan last month asking to stop testing?
What a foreign office spokesman here said ``on''?
Who said it is upto India. . . to agree to a serious, substantive and meaningful dialogue on all outstanding issues?
Who is presently in the UAE?
What did Sharif also say despite confessing commitment to non-proliferation, have failed to honor these obligations under the NPT?
What did the security council condemn the nuclear tests by both India and Pakistan last month asking to sign NPT and CTBT?
How many south Asian neighbors have squared off in three wars since independence 50 years ago?
What BE USED IN ANY MEDIA WITHOUT ATTRIBUTION TO WORLDSOURCES, INC.?
What did the security council condemn the nuclear tests by last month asking them to stop testing?
Who added that treaty provisions could only be assumed only on a ``voluntary basis''?
Who said agenda has already been finalized while referring to an agreement between India and Pakistan in June last year when eight outstanding issues had been identified?
What did the spokesman add that treaty provisions could only be assumed only on?
What did he say to?
What has Pakistan Prime Minister Nawaz Sharif slammed the five permanent members of the UN Security Council for their double standards on the nuclear Non-Proliferation Treaty, saying as?
What did the security council condemn the nuclear tests by both India and Pakistan last month asking them to sign?
What do it also regret with?
What did Pakistan Prime Minister Nawaz Sharif say to?
How many south Asian neighbors fought over the festering Kashmir problem, earlier refused to join the NPT?
What does yesterday say?
Who was asked about the possible agenda for such a dialogue?
What came a day after the security council condemned the nuclear tests by both India and Pakistan last month asking them to stop testing and sign NPT and CTBT?
Who also said despite confessing commitment to non-proliferation, the major powers have failed to honor these obligations under the NPT?
What did Pakistan say were imperative to ensure its security which had been threatened by the Indian action?
Who did not deal ``adequately and effectively with the urgent and core issues that have endangered peace and security in South Asia?''
When says the security council approach had been ``unjust and unrealistic''?
What did the foreign office spokesman also ` regretted that the council resolution not deal ``adequately and effectively with?''
What did an overnight UN resolution urge India and Pakistan to sign as non-nuclear states?
What did the security council condemn the nuclear tests by both India and Pakistan last month asking to stop testing?
Who here said ``The council has ignored the reality on the ground''?
What did he say has already been finalized while referring to an agreement between India and Pakistan in June last year when eight outstanding issues had been identified?
What condemned the nuclear tests by both India and Pakistan last month asking them to stop testing?
Who fought over the festering Kashmir problem, earlier refused to join the NPT?
What a foreign office spokesman here said ``The council has ignored the reality on''?
What did Sharif reiterate?
What is Sharif presently in?
What BE nO PORTION OF THE MATERIALS CONTAINED HEREIN MAY USED IN?
What have the two south Asian neighbors squared off in 50 years ago?
What did Sharif also say despite confessing commitment to non-proliferation, the major powers have failed to honor these obligations under?
What does Pakistan say?
Who added, ``Any attempts at imposition of treaty obligations is by its very nature unequal and unsustainable''?
What does yesterday say had been ``unjust and unrealistic''?
What did the security council condemn the nuclear tests by last month asking them to sign NPT and CTBT?
What the two south Asian neighbors fought over the festering Kashmir problem, earlier refused to join?
What do it also regret that the security council failed to deal ``adequately'' with?
What did Pakistan say?
What also regretted that the security council failed to deal ``adequately'' with its dispute with India over Kashmir which has endangered peace and security in the region?
What was Pakistan Prime Minister Nawaz Sharif asked about?
What did Sharif say to?
What urged India and Pakistan to sign the NPT and the Comprehensive Test Ban Treaty as non-nuclear states?
What the two south Asian neighbors fought over, earlier refused to join the NPT?
What does Pakistan say had been ``unjust and unrealistic''?
What did the spokesman add on?
What did Sharif also say under?
Who have squared off in three wars since independence 50 years ago?
What says the security council approach had been ``unjust and unrealistic''?
What did an overnight UN resolution urge India and Pakistan to sign the NPT and the Comprehensive Test Ban Treaty as?
What said the explosions were imperative to ensure its security which had been threatened by the Indian action?
What did Sharif say it is. . . to agree to a serious, substantive and meaningful dialogue on all outstanding issues?
What did Sharif also say despite confessing commitment to non-proliferation, the major powers have failed to honor under the NPT?
What did the Swiss authorities urge to refrain from further nuclear testing?
What said Monday?
When did the Swiss government say?
What did officials in the capital Bern say would be cut by 4-5 million Swiss francs for the 1998\/99 financial year?
What did officials say the government will not approve in the meantime?
What did officials in the capital Bern say by?
What did the Swiss authorities urge their governments to adhere to?
Who said the government will not approve any new projects or credit in the meantime?
Who added in view of the ``tension'' which reigns in the Indian sub-continent?
What have the Swiss authorities already condemned?
What have already condemned the two countries ' tests?
What did officials add in?
What did officials say will not approve any new projects or credit in the meantime?
What did officials in the capital Bern say the aid would be cut by for the 1998\/99 financial year?
What did the Swiss authorities urge their governments to refrain from?
Who said the government is to review its development programs in India and Pakistan?
What did officials say the government will not approve any new projects or credit in?
When did officials in the capital Bern say the aid would be cut by 4-5 million Swiss francs?
Who urged their governments to adhere to the Nuclear Non-Proliferation Treaty?
What did the Swiss authorities urge to adhere to the Nuclear Non-Proliferation Treaty?
What did officials say is to review its development programs in India and Pakistan?
Who urged their governments to refrain from further nuclear testing?
Who said the aid would be cut by 4-5 million Swiss francs for the 1998\/99 financial year?
Who repeated his call on Pakistan to enter into a no-first-use nuclear weapons agreement with India?
What did India say needed a nuclear deterrent due to threats from China and Pakistan?
Where did Prime Minister Atal Bihari Vajpayee repeat his call to enter into a no-first-use nuclear weapons agreement with India?
What did India detonate a series of in May?
What will the move help U. S. farmers who are desperate for markets sell wheat and other products in?
What did he repeat on Pakistan to enter into a no-first-use nuclear weapons agreement with India?
What does India say?
What did Prime Minister Atal Bihari Vajpayee repeat his call on Pakistan to enter into?
What did they also urge both of them to sign?
What will the move help U. S. farmers who are desperate for markets sell in South Asia?
What did India say a series of underground nuclear tests needed?
What have the United States refused to do for years?
When have the United States the Comprehensive Test Ban Treaty and the Nuclear Non-Proliferation Treaty refused to do?
What do the treaties allow nations with sophisticated nuclear weapons to keep?
What did NEW DELHI say Friday he looks forward to?
What did Prime Minister Atal Bihari Vajpayee repeat on Pakistan to enter into a no-first-use nuclear weapons agreement with India?
What did the U. S. Senate vote unanimously to exempt from nuclear sanctions imposed on Pakistan and India on Thursday?
What also urged both of them to sign the Comprehensive Test Ban Treaty and the Nuclear Non-Proliferation Treaty?
Who did they also urge both of to sign the Comprehensive Test Ban Treaty and the Nuclear Non-Proliferation Treaty?
What did the United States also urge to sign the Comprehensive Test Ban Treaty and the Nuclear Non-Proliferation Treaty?
What did he repeat his call on to enter into a no-first-use nuclear weapons agreement with India?
What do the treaties allow to keep their arsenals?
When did Vajpayee say India is prepared to discuss the test ban treaty?
When have they the Comprehensive Test Ban Treaty and the Nuclear Non-Proliferation Treaty refused to do?
What did Vajpayee say India is prepared for without the involvement of any other nation _ in resolving their disputes to the Himalayan state of Kashmir?
What says the treaties are flawed because they allow nations with sophisticated nuclear weapons to keep their arsenals?
Who did the United States also urge both of to sign the Comprehensive Test Ban Treaty and the Nuclear Non-Proliferation Treaty?
Who did United News of India news agency quote as telling Parliament?
Who was NEW DELHI?
What was the United States?
What did Vajpayee also say?
What said a series of underground nuclear tests needed a nuclear deterrent due to threats from China and Pakistan?
Who have the Comprehensive Test Ban Treaty and the Nuclear Non-Proliferation Treaty refused to do for years?
What will Vajpayee and Pakistani Prime Minister Nawaz Sharif meet in the Sri Lankan capital during?
What did Vajpayee also say India wants to resolve?
Who are weak?
What responded with its own tests?
What did India say?
Where did he repeat his call to enter into a no-first-use nuclear weapons agreement with India?
What were their competing claims?
What did Vajpayee say for?
Who will meet in the Sri Lankan capital during a regular summit of a seven-nation regional group?
What did India detonate in May?
What did Prime Minister Atal Bihari Vajpayee repeat his call on to enter into a no-first-use nuclear weapons agreement with India?
What were their disputes?
Who said it needed a nuclear deterrent due to threats from China and Pakistan?
What did Vajpayee also say wants to resolve a border dispute with China that has chilled relations between both nations?
What have the Comprehensive Test Ban Treaty and the Nuclear Non-Proliferation Treaty refused to do for years?
What did Vajpayee say on Friday?
What did Vajpayee say is prepared for talks with Pakistan _ without the involvement of any other nation _ in resolving their disputes to the Himalayan state of Kashmir?
What did Pakistan respond with?
What did they also urge both of to sign the Comprehensive Test Ban Treaty and the Nuclear Non-Proliferation Treaty?
What did Vajpayee say India is prepared for talks with Pakistan _ without?
What are weak?
What did the United States also urge both of to sign the Comprehensive Test Ban Treaty and the Nuclear Non-Proliferation Treaty?
What did NEW DELHI say Friday to?
Who will Vajpayee and Pakistani Prime Minister Nawaz Sharif meet in during a regular summit of a seven-nation regional group?
What did Vajpayee say is prepared to discuss the test ban treaty on Friday?
What do they allow to keep their arsenals?
Who said India is prepared to discuss the test ban treaty on Friday?
What have they refused to do for years?
Where will the move help U. S. farmers who are desperate for markets sell wheat and other products?
What was India _ India's prime minister?
Who also said India wants to resolve a border dispute with China that has chilled relations between both nations?
What did the United States impose economic and military sanctions on?
Who allow nations with sophisticated nuclear weapons to keep their arsenals?
What did the United States impose on both India and Pakistan?
What do they allow nations with sophisticated nuclear weapons to keep?
What did they also urge to sign the Comprehensive Test Ban Treaty and the Nuclear Non-Proliferation Treaty?
Who will the move help sell wheat and other products in South Asia?
Who also urged both of them to sign the Comprehensive Test Ban Treaty and the Nuclear Non-Proliferation Treaty?
Where did the United States impose economic and military sanctions?
What imposed economic and military sanctions on both India and Pakistan?
What were talks with Pakistan _'s disputes?
When did the U. S. Senate vote unanimously to exempt agriculture credits from nuclear sanctions imposed on Pakistan and India?
What detonated a series of underground nuclear tests in May?
What did he repeat his call on Pakistan to enter into?
Who said India is prepared for talks with Pakistan _ without the involvement of any other nation _ in resolving their disputes to the Himalayan state of Kashmir?
What have to live together?
What voted unanimously to exempt agriculture credits from nuclear sanctions imposed on Pakistan and India on Thursday?
What will help U. S. farmers who are desperate for markets sell wheat and other products in South Asia?
What did the U. S. Senate vote unanimously to exempt agriculture credits from on Thursday?
What quoted Prime Minister Atal Bihari Vajpayee as telling Parliament?
What allow nations with sophisticated nuclear weapons to keep their arsenals?
What did the United States also urge both of them to sign?
What followed the tests?
What did the United States follow?
What does India say are flawed because they allow nations with sophisticated nuclear weapons to keep their arsenals?
What was Britain, Japan and other industrialized nations?
When did India detonate a series of underground nuclear tests?
What did India say it needed?
Whose disputes were their competing claims?
What did Pakistan say had detonated six devices in response?
What did Pakistan say India and Pakistan had detonated in response?
What did India and Pakistan conduct?
What did U. S. Energy Secretary Bill Richardson tell a press conference is still in substantial violation of numerous Security Council resolutions?
How many tests pose a grave challenge to the international non-proliferation regime and seriously undermines stability in South Asia?
How many devices did Pakistan say India and Pakistan had detonated in response?
What did Pakistan say in?
Who was Mohamed ElBaradei?
What was the United States for?
What do nuclear weapons tests pose to the international non-proliferation regime and seriously undermines stability in South Asia?
What was Mohamed ElBaradei director general of?
What does North Korea have not preserved material the IAEA needs to verify the accuracy of information on?
What does North Korea have not preserved material the IAEA needs to verify the accuracy of information the country has provided on?
Who said his agency's inspection and verification operations have given it insight into Iraq's clandestine nuclear weapons programs?
What do they pose a grave challenge to?
What did Iraq and North Korea also draw at the start of the U. N. nuclear watchdog agency's weeklong meeting?
What does North Korea have not preserved material the IAEA needs to verify the accuracy of information has provided on its nuclear program?
Who said it had detonated six devices in response?
What did several governments urge the two to refrain from testing?
What prevented the agency from inspecting new sites or investigating the lingering questions about the country's program?
What did Pakistan say it had detonated six devices in?
What did several governments urge the two to refrain from nuclear weapons?
What has not preserved material the IAEA needs to verify the accuracy of information the country has provided on its nuclear program?
What was for one?
What urged the two to refrain from nuclear weapons to sign the Comprehensive Test Ban Treaty and the Nuclear Non-Proliferation Treaty?
Who was Richardson?
Who was North Korea also criticized by for failing to cooperate with the IAEA?
What did Mohamed ElBaradei say?
What did VIENNA join the ranks Monday of for flaunting nuclear weapons conventions?
When did ElBaradei say, Iraq limited IAEA access to declared nuclear sites?
What do they pose to the international non-proliferation regime and seriously undermines stability in South Asia?
What did the tests trigger?
What claimed to have detonated five nuclear devices in May?
What did several governments urge to refrain from nuclear weapons to sign the Comprehensive Test Ban Treaty and the Nuclear Non-Proliferation Treaty?
What joined the ranks Monday of traditional targets Iraq and North Korea for flaunting nuclear weapons conventions?
Who was director general of the IAEA?
What does North Korea have not preserved material the country has provided on its nuclear program?
What does North Korea have not preserved material the IAEA needs to verify the accuracy of the country has provided on its nuclear program?
What did Iraq and North Korea also draw criticism for their nuclear policies at?
What does North Korea have not preserved material needs to verify the accuracy of information the country has provided on its nuclear program?
What did Mohamed ElBaradei say to?
What was VIENNA?
What pose a grave challenge to the international non-proliferation regime and seriously undermines stability in South Asia?
What does North Korea have the IAEA needs to verify the accuracy of information the country has provided on its nuclear program?
When did India claim to have detonated five nuclear devices?
What did ElBaradei say in August, Iraq limited?
What did several governments urge to refrain from nuclear weapons testing?
What said India and Pakistan had detonated six devices in response?
How many devices did Pakistan say it had detonated in response?
Who added, ``The United States is keeping all options on the table to ensure that Iraq complies,'' with the resolutions''?
What did U. S. Energy Secretary Bill Richardson tell Iraq is still in substantial violation of numerous Security Council resolutions?
Who told a press conference Iraq is still in substantial violation of numerous Security Council resolutions?
What does North Korea have not preserved material the IAEA needs to verify the country has provided on its nuclear program?
What did ElBaradei say in August, limited IAEA access to declared nuclear sites?
What did VIENNA join for flaunting nuclear weapons conventions?
What did several governments urge the two to refrain from nuclear weapons to sign?
What did Mohamed ElBaradei say have given the U. N. atomic agency insight into Iraq's clandestine nuclear weapons programs?
What conducted a series of nuclear weapons tests that drew international condemnation?
Who was the former U. S. ambassador to the United Nations?
What do nuclear weapons tests pose a grave challenge to?
What triggered fears that the two countries would use nuclear weapons in their dispute over the Himalayan region of Kashmir?
What did Pakistan say India and Pakistan had detonated six devices in?
What was Austria _ India and Pakistan?
What did U. S. Energy Secretary Bill Richardson tell a press conference Iraq is still in?
What also was criticized by ElBaradei for failing to cooperate with the IAEA?
Who said a degree of uncertainty remains as to the completeness of this picture?
Who pose a grave challenge to the international non-proliferation regime and seriously undermines stability in South Asia?
What did U. S. Energy Secretary Bill Richardson tell a press conference in?
Who was chairman of Japan's Atomic Energy Commission?
What did Mohamed ElBaradei say have given it insight into Iraq's clandestine nuclear weapons programs?
Who was Yukata Takeyama?
How many nuclear devices did India claim to have detonated in May?
What was Yukata Takeyama chairman of?
Who said in August, Iraq limited IAEA access to declared nuclear sites?
What did Pakistan say it had detonated in response?
What did Mohamed ElBaradei say remains as to the completeness of this picture?
What also drew criticism for their nuclear policies at the start of the U. N. nuclear watchdog agency's weeklong meeting?
What did Richardson add, ``The United States is keeping all options on the table to ensure with the resolutions''?
What did several governments urge the two to refrain from to sign the Comprehensive Test Ban Treaty and the Nuclear Non-Proliferation Treaty?
Who said his agency's inspection and verification operations have given the U. N. atomic agency insight into Iraq's clandestine nuclear weapons programs?
What urged the two to refrain from nuclear weapons testing?
What did Iraq prevent from inspecting new sites or investigating the lingering questions about the country's program?
What did India claim to have detonated in May?
What did India and Pakistan conduct a series of that drew international condemnation?
What did UNITED NATIONS _ Pakistan's prime minister call on international pressure to force rival India to do?
What did Nawaz Sharif say was ready for adherance before a nuclear conference in September 1999 if international sanctions were speedily lifted?
What did Nawaz Sharif say Pakistan was ready for adherance before if international sanctions were speedily lifted?
When did UNITED NATIONS _ Pakistan's prime minister say his country would unilaterally adhere to the nuclear test ban treaty?
Who said Pakistan was ready for adherance before a nuclear conference in September 1999 if international sanctions were speedily lifted?
What did UNITED NATIONS _ Pakistan's prime minister call on international pressure to force to do the same?
Who said Wednesday his country would unilaterally adhere to the nuclear test ban treaty?
Who called on international pressure to force rival India to do the same?
What did UNITED NATIONS _ Pakistan's prime minister say Wednesday to?
What did UNITED NATIONS _ Pakistan's prime minister call on to force rival India to do the same?
What did Nawaz Sharif say Pakistan was ready for before a nuclear conference in September 1999 if international sanctions were speedily lifted?
What did UNITED NATIONS _ Pakistan's prime minister say Wednesday his country would unilaterally adhere to?
What did Nawaz Sharif say for?
What did UNITED NATIONS _ Pakistan's prime minister say Wednesday would unilaterally adhere to the nuclear test ban treaty?
What did Sharif say, ``In this regard, we expect''?
What were to resume nuclear testing?
What did India do?
What did Sharif tell world leaders at, ``Pakistan is. . . prepared to adhere to the Comprehensive Test Ban Treaty before this conference''?
Who told world leaders at the U. N. General Assembly session, ``Pakistan is. . . prepared to adhere to the Comprehensive Test Ban Treaty before this conference''?
What carried out nuclear tests last May?
What did Sharif warn that Pakistan would comply with only so long as India did the same?
Who did Sharif tell at the U. N. General Assembly session, ``Pakistan is. . . prepared to adhere to the Comprehensive Test Ban Treaty before this conference''?
What did he say, ``We also expect''?
Who warned that Pakistan would comply with a ban on nuclear tests only so long as India did the same?
What did the same?
What did both India and Pakistan draw international sanctions and calls to sign?
Who said, ``In this regard, we expect that the arbitrary restrictions imposed on Pakistan by multilateral institutions will be speedily removed''?
What drew international sanctions and calls to sign the test ban treaty?
Who said, ``We also expect that discriminatory sanctions against Pakistan will be lifted''?
What did Sharif warn with?
What did both India and Pakistan draw to sign the test ban treaty?
What did he strongly refute?
What did a Pakistani Foreign Office spokesman say here today ISLAMABAD-- ``Pakistan'' has?
What described the Washington Post's story as ``speculative and based on faulty leaked intelligence reports?''
Who said, ``Pakistan has been in the vanguard locally and regionally to advance the cause of nuclear non-proliferation''?
What did a Pakistani Foreign Office spokesman say here today ISLAMABAD-- ``Pakistan'' has decided at the highest level not to use for non-peaceful purposes?
Who said, ``The government of Pakistan has issued a statement on such issue''?
Where did the Washington Post daily quote some US officials as saying Wednesday?
What daily quoted some US officials as saying Wednesday that Pakistan was preparing to conduct its first underground nuclear explosion in Pakistan's Baluchistan province?
Who strongly refuted the report that Pakistan was preparing for a nuclear test?
What did a Pakistani Foreign Office spokesman say here today ISLAMABAD-- ``Pakistan'' has decided at the highest level not to use it for?
What did a Pakistani Foreign Office spokesman strongly refute?
Who said here today ISLAMABAD-- ``Pakistan'' has nuclear capability?
What did a Pakistani Foreign Office spokesman say here today has nuclear capability?
Who addressed a press conference at the Foreign Office this afternoon?
What did the Washington Post daily quote some US officials as saying Wednesday in?
When did a Pakistani Foreign Office spokesman say ISLAMABAD-- ``Pakistan'' has decided at the highest level not to use it for non-peaceful purposes?
Who said here today ISLAMABAD-- ``Pakistan'' has decided at the highest level not to use it for non-peaceful purposes?
What was March 7?
What has the US government also criticized recently for preparing for its second nuclear test?
When was ISLAMABAD?
Who added, ``Our many proposals have fumbled because of India's negativism''?
What did the statement describe as ``speculative and based on faulty leaked intelligence reports?''
When did a Pakistani Foreign Office spokesman say ISLAMABAD-- ``Pakistan'' has nuclear capability?
What did a Pakistani Foreign Office spokesman say here today ISLAMABAD-- ``Pakistan'' has decided at not to use it for non-peaceful purposes?
What did a Pakistani Foreign Office spokesman say here today has decided at the highest level not to use it for non-peaceful purposes?
What has also criticized India recently for preparing for its second nuclear test?
What did ISLAMABAD say?
What did ISLAMABAD describe as ``mature and highly responsible?''
What did he say was ``in sharp contrast to the irresponsible stance of India?''
What said China has always advocated international peace and security and nuclear disarmament and non-proliferation?
What did he say in?''
What was the United Nations Security Council?
Who did ISLAMABAD say has always advocated international peace and security and nuclear disarmament and non-proliferation?
Who said it was ``in sharp contrast to the irresponsible stance of India?''
What was a party to the Nuclear Non-Proliferation Treaty and signatory to the Comprehensive Nuclear Test Ban Treaty?
What did ISLAMABAD say China has always advocated?
What was May 20-- Pakistani Foreign Secretary Shamshad Ahmad on Wednesday?
What said it was ``in sharp contrast to the irresponsible stance of India?''
What did ISLAMABAD say it was ``in?''
What did he say China has always advocated?
What described China's stance on the nuclear issue as ``mature and highly responsible?''
Who said China has always advocated international peace and security and nuclear disarmament and non-proliferation?
When was ISLAMABAD?
Who did he say has always advocated international peace and security and nuclear disarmament and non-proliferation?
What did ISLAMABAD say was ``in sharp contrast to the irresponsible stance of India?''
What did he say?
What did he say it was ``in?''
What did ISLAMABAD say in?''
What did the prime minister say change nothing?
What has even now attracted some sanctions but more understanding?
What was May 23-- Pakistani Prime Minister Nawaz Sharif?
What is the first press conference given by the prime minister since India conducted a series of nuclear tests on May 11 and 13?
What did the prime minister say practically sanctions change?
Who did he say have learned to live with these punitive measures?
What did he regret that discriminatory policies were pursued by the Western world on?
What did he say, ``We believe''?
What did he say change nothing?
What did he say practically sanctions change?
What did the prime minister say in a manifestly unjust and unfair approach Pakistan was penalized for?
Who asked?
Who said we have learned to live with these punitive measures?
What did Sharif say in, ``We are not seeking any bargains''?
Who said ``Our legitimate need for security is still being ignored''?
What did he say mean little?
What did the prime minister say have even offered endorsement?
What did he say ?
Who regreted that discriminatory policies were pursued by the Western world on the nuclear issue towards Pakistan?
What did the prime minister say in Pakistan was penalized for every Indian escalatory step on the nuclear and ballistic ladder?
What have no amount of condemnation or sanctions changed?
What is a stark reality for Pakistan?
What did he say in a manifestly unjust and unfair approach was penalized for every Indian escalatory step on the nuclear and ballistic ladder?
What did he say ``is still being ignored''?
What did the prime minister say in a manifestly unjust and unfair approach was penalized for every Indian escalatory step on the nuclear and ballistic ladder?
When was ISLAMABAD?
What were imposed on us?
Who is the talk of sanctions not only familiar to?
What did he say in a manifestly unjust and unfair approach Pakistan was penalized for?
What is dignity and honor?
Who were discriminatory and punitive measures imposed on?
Who said practically sanctions mean little?
What did the prime minister say mean little?
What also does not rattle us?
Who said some have even offered endorsement?
Who said in a written statement issued at a press conference here, ``We are not seeking any bargains''?
What is the Indian record of aggression and irresponsible behavior?
What have changed the immediacy or magnitude of the threat to us?
What is not only familiar to us?
What did he regret that discriminatory policies were pursued by on the nuclear issue towards Pakistan?
What has indian defiance on the other hand even now attracted?
What did he say we have learned to live with?
Who does it also not rattle?
What did he say in Pakistan was penalized for every Indian escalatory step on the nuclear and ballistic ladder?
What did he say some have even offered?
Who said in a manifestly unjust and unfair approach Pakistan was penalized for every Indian escalatory step on the nuclear and ballistic ladder?
What did the prime minister regret that discriminatory policies were pursued by on the nuclear issue towards Pakistan?
What did he regret by?
What did the prime minister regret by?
What did Sharif say has been violently tilted?
What did the prime minister say some have even offered?
What are not hidden?
What did he say have even offered endorsement?
Who said the balance of power in the region has been violently tilted?
What did the prime minister regret that discriminatory policies were pursued by the Western world on?
Who said practically sanctions change nothing?
What is liberty and freedom?
What did the NATO chief say?
What did the United States President Bill Clinton also urge the two arch-rivals to renew regional dialogue and work towards?
What did canadian Prime Minister Jean Chretien call on to sign on the Nuclear Non-Proliferation Treaty and the CTBT?
What did the United Nations Secretary-General Kofi Annan say in, ``They exacerbate tension in an already difficult relations''?
What did he say in, ``They exacerbate tension in an already difficult relations''?
What did he also urge the two arch-rivals to renew regional dialogue and work towards?
What did Pakistan explode on Thursday in response to the nuclear tests carried out by India on May 11 and 13?
What did the United States President Bill Clinton announce in a televised statement Thursday that the United States would impose sanctions on as it did on India?
Where did the United States President Bill Clinton announce in a televised statement Thursday that the United States would impose sanctions as it did on India?
What did canadian Prime Minister Jean Chretien call on to renounce their nuclear weapons programs?
When did the United Nations Secretary-General Kofi Annan say he deplores both the Indian and the Pakistani nuclear tests?
How many nuclear explosions did Pakistan announce it has conducted at 3:30 pm?
What did Pakistan announce has conducted five nuclear explosions at 3:30 pm?
What was Javier Solana secretary-general of?
What did Solana say?
How many nuclear devices did Pakistan explode on Thursday in response to the nuclear tests carried out by India on May 11 and 13?
What came after Pakistan announced it has conducted five nuclear explosions at 3:30 pm?
How many arch-rivals did he also urge to renew regional dialogue and work towards a peaceful resolution of differences?
When was BEIJING?
Who said in a statement, ``They exacerbate tension in an already difficult relations''?
What did Chretien announce that further measures would be announced in in both India and Pakistan?
Whose statement came after Pakistan announced it has conducted five nuclear explosions at 3:30 pm?
What did Javier Solana say the alliance would urge to exercise maximum restraint and to respect the international non-proliferation norms and the CTBT in Luxembourg?
What did Annan call on both Indian and Pakistani governments to sign with each other?
Who was secretary-general of the North Atlantic Treaty Organization?
Who announced that further measures would be announced in light of the development in both India and Pakistan?
Where did Javier Solana say the alliance would urge India and Pakistan to exercise maximum restraint and to respect the international non-proliferation norms and the CTBT?
Who also urged the two arch-rivals to renew regional dialogue and work towards a peaceful resolution of differences?
What did Clinton express?
What expressed concerns after Pakistan exploded five nuclear devices on Thursday in response to the nuclear tests carried out by India on May 11 and 13?
What did he also urge the two arch-rivals to renew towards a peaceful resolution of differences?
Who said the alliance would urge India and Pakistan to exercise maximum restraint and to respect the international non-proliferation norms and the CTBT in Luxembourg?
What was Javier Solana?
What did Javier Solana say would urge India and Pakistan to exercise maximum restraint and to respect the international non-proliferation norms and the CTBT in Luxembourg?
What did Solana say does not consider sanctions against the nuclear testers?
What did Annan's statement come after Pakistan announced at?
Who called on both Indian and Pakistani governments to freeze their nuclear weapons development programs?
What did Annan call on to sign the Comprehensive Test Ban Treaty and a no-first-use pledge with each other?
What did Annan call on to freeze their nuclear weapons development programs?
Who did the United Nations Secretary-General Kofi Annan say Thursday he deplores?
What did Pakistan announce it has conducted at 3:30 pm?
Who announced in a televised statement Thursday that the United States would impose sanctions on Pakistan as it did on India?
Where did canadian Prime Minister Jean Chretien call to renounce their nuclear weapons programs?
How many arch-rivals did the United States President Bill Clinton also urge to renew regional dialogue and work towards a peaceful resolution of differences?
What did Chretien announce that further measures would be announced in light of the development in?
Who called on both Indian and Pakistani governments to sign the Comprehensive Test Ban Treaty and a no-first-use pledge with each other?
Where did Pakistan do?
What was May 28-- Some countries or international organizations?
What exploded five nuclear devices on Thursday in response to the nuclear tests carried out by India on May 11 and 13?
Who did the United Nations Secretary-General Kofi Annan say Thursday deplores both the Indian and the Pakistani nuclear tests?
What did he also urge to renew regional dialogue and work towards a peaceful resolution of differences?
What did the NATO chief say would not ``dramatically'' affect the thinking of the new strategic concept of the alliance?
What did BEIJING express after Pakistan exploded five nuclear devices on Thursday in response to the nuclear tests carried out by India on May 11 and 13?
What did Javier Solana say in Luxembourg?
Who said Thursday he deplores both the Indian and the Pakistani nuclear tests?
When did the United States President Bill Clinton announce in a televised statement that the United States would impose sanctions on Pakistan as it did on India?
What did Chretien announce in?
What did the United States President Bill Clinton announce in Thursday that the United States would impose sanctions on Pakistan as it did on India?
What did canadian Prime Minister Jean Chretien call on Pakistan and India to sign on?
What did Javier Solana say the alliance would urge India and Pakistan to exercise maximum restraint and to respect the international non-proliferation norms and the CTBT in?
What did Chretien announce his country's relations with Pakistan would now be placed on?
What did the United States President Bill Clinton also urge to renew regional dialogue and work towards a peaceful resolution of differences?
Who called on Pakistan and India to renounce their nuclear weapons programs?
When did Pakistan explode five nuclear devices in response to the nuclear tests carried out by India on May 11 and 13?
Where did it do?
Where did the United States President Bill Clinton announce in a televised statement Thursday?
What did it do on?
What announced it has conducted five nuclear explosions at 3:30 pm?
What did the United States President Bill Clinton also urge the two arch-rivals to renew towards a peaceful resolution of differences?
What did Pakistan explode five nuclear devices on Thursday in?
Who announced his country's relations with Pakistan would now be placed on hold?
What did the United Nations Secretary-General Kofi Annan say Thursday?
What did the United States President Bill Clinton announce in a televised statement Thursday on?
What did Chretien announce on?
Who called on Pakistan and India to sign on the Nuclear Non-Proliferation Treaty and the CTBT?
Where did canadian Prime Minister Jean Chretien call to sign on the Nuclear Non-Proliferation Treaty and the CTBT?
What did Pakistan announce at?
What did Pakistan do on?
Where did Chretien announce that further measures would be announced in light of the development?
What did Annan call on both Indian and Pakistani governments to sign the Comprehensive Test Ban Treaty and a no-first-use pledge with?
Who said the NATO does not consider sanctions against the nuclear testers?
What did Solana say the NATO does not consider?
What did the United States President Bill Clinton announce in a televised statement Thursday that the United States would impose on Pakistan as it did on India?
What did on India?
What did Chretien announce would now be placed on hold?
Who said the nuclear tests conducted by India and Pakistan would not ``dramatically'' affect the thinking of the new strategic concept of the alliance?
Who expressed the fear that Pakistan's nuclear tests might lead to escalation of tension in South Asia?
What did Pakistan announce it has conducted five nuclear explosions at?
What have NEW YORK come out to condemn?
What did the communique say France calls on both India and Pakistan to conduct?
What did the communique say France calls on to conduct any more nuclear tests?
What did Canadian Foreign Affairs Minister Lloyd Axworthy say the series of sanctions against Pakistan are consistent with?
What did he say the series of sanctions against Pakistan are consistent with?
What did Canadian Foreign Affairs Minister Lloyd Axworthy say in?''
What did the communique say France calls on to sign the Comprehensive Test Ban Treaty?
What is May 28-- More countries?
Where did the communique say France calls to sign the Comprehensive Test Ban Treaty?
What said France calls on both India and Pakistan to join talks on the banning of production of fissile materials that can be used to produce nuclear arms?
What did Canadian Foreign Affairs Minister Lloyd Axworthy also announce?
What have come out to condemn Pakistan's nuclear tests?
What did he say are consistent with those imposed on India after its nuclear tests?
Who said the series of sanctions against Pakistan are consistent with those imposed on India after its nuclear tests?
What did the communique say France calls on to join talks on the banning of production of fissile materials that can be used to produce nuclear arms?
What did he say with?
Where did the communique say France calls to join talks on the banning of production of fissile materials that can be used to produce nuclear arms?
What did he also announce a series of?
What did Canadian Foreign Affairs Minister Lloyd Axworthy also announce a series of?
What did the communique say France calls on both India and Pakistan to join talks on?
What did Canadian Foreign Affairs Minister Lloyd Axworthy say with?
What did the communique say calls on both India and Pakistan to sign the Comprehensive Test Ban Treaty?
What did the communique say France calls on both India and Pakistan to sign?
What did Canadian Foreign Affairs Minister Lloyd Axworthy say are consistent with those imposed on India after its nuclear tests?
What said France calls on both India and Pakistan to conduct any more nuclear tests?
What issued a communique Thursday to deplore?
Where did the communique say France calls to conduct any more nuclear tests?
What did the communique say calls on both India and Pakistan to conduct any more nuclear tests?
Who also announced a series of sanctions against Pakistan?
What said France calls on both India and Pakistan to sign the Comprehensive Test Ban Treaty?
What issued a communique Thursday to condemn the nuclear tests conducted by Pakistan on the same day?
What did the French Foreign Ministry issue a communique Thursday to condemn?
What did he also announce?
When is NEW YORK?
What detonated five nuclear devices Thursday two weeks ago?
What was believed to be the only Mideast country with nuclear capabilities?
What did Pakistan detonate two weeks ago?
Who said it would be more dangerous if Iran has nuclear weapons?
What did he say should join the NPT?
What did Egyptian Foreign Minister Amr Moussa say should join the NPT?
Who stressed that all the states in the region should abide by the treaty?
What did Egyptian Foreign Minister Amr Moussa say ``Rendering the Middle East a region free from nuclear weapons is now must for maintaining regional security''?
Who said ``Rendering the Middle East a region free from nuclear weapons is now a must for maintaining regional security''?
What did Israel say would be more dangerous if Iran has nuclear weapons?
What did he say ?
Who said Israel should join the NPT?
What is five nuclear devices Thursday widely viewed as?
Who was David Bar-Illan?
What did he stress by?
What did Egyptian Foreign Minister Amr Moussa say ?
Who said ``This places the region of South Asia in a special position in view of the presence of two nuclear powers in it?''
What did Egyptian Foreign Minister Amr Moussa say ``a region free from nuclear weapons is now a must for maintaining regional security''?
What said Egypt Thursday would be more dangerous if Iran has nuclear weapons?
What did Egyptian Foreign Minister Amr Moussa say ``Rendering the Middle East is now a must for maintaining regional security''?
What did Egyptian Foreign Minister Amr Moussa say Israel should join?
What did Egyptian Foreign Minister Amr Moussa say ``Rendering the Middle East a region free from nuclear weapons is now for maintaining regional security''?
What did Egyptian Foreign Minister Amr Moussa stress by?
What get into hands of regimes like Iran?
What do this kind of weapons get into?
When was CAIRO?
What did he say ``Rendering the Middle East a region free from nuclear weapons is now for maintaining regional security''?
What was May 28?
What did he say ``Rendering the Middle East a region free from nuclear weapons is now must for maintaining regional security''?
What will become insignificant for the Middle East states?
What will the treaty become?
What did Egyptian Foreign Minister Amr Moussa say?
What did Egyptian Foreign Minister Amr Moussa stress that all the states in the region should abide by?
What did he stress that all the states in the region should abide by?
What did he say Israel should join?
Who did Israel say would be more dangerous if Iran has nuclear weapons?
What did he say ``Rendering the Middle East is now a must for maintaining regional security''?
What did he say ``a region free from nuclear weapons is now a must for maintaining regional security''?
Who was media adviser to Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu?
What did he say?
What is widely viewed as a response to India's five nuclear tests?
What did Israel say?
What said that the nuclear tests conducted by both India and Pakistan were of concern for regional and global stability and security?
What should the statement solve peacefully?
What did the spokesman warn in?
What does India call discriminatory?
What did IRNA say in a delayed report on Friday iranian Foreign Ministry spokesman Mahmoud Mohammadi said on Thursday that Iran follows with deep concern?
What has Iran called on to cease nuclear tests and rivalry?
What has so far refused to sign the Nuclear Non-Proliferation Treaty and the Comprehensive Test Ban Treaty?
Where has Iran called to join the comprehensive test ban treaty?
What have ANKARA expressed concern two week ago over?
Who warned that in the absence of an all-encompassing program for comprehensive nuclear disarmament, the status and future of Nuclear Non-Proliferation Treaty would face great uncertainty?
What has Iran called on to join the comprehensive test ban treaty?
What calls them discriminatory?
What did the spokesman warn that in the absence of an all-encompassing program for comprehensive nuclear disarmament, the status and future of Nuclear Non-Proliferation Treaty would face?
What did IRNA say in iranian Foreign Ministry spokesman Mahmoud Mohammadi said on Thursday that Iran follows with deep concern the ongoing chain of events concerning nuclear tests?
Who does India call discriminatory?
What has India so far refused to sign?
What said that the two neighboring countries should refrain from a reciprocal show of power?
What did it add, ``Turkey wishes for''?
What were nuclear tests?
What should solve the two neighboring countries's disputes peacefully?
What detonated five underground nuclear devices Thursday?
What did a statement issued by Turkish Foreign Ministry Friday say of?
What did Turkey and Iran add, ``Turkey wishes for''?
What should solve their disputes peacefully?
What has Iran called on Pakistan and India to join?
What have expressed concern over the underground nuclear tests conducted by Pakistan to match India's five explosions two week ago?
What did a statement issued by Turkish Foreign Ministry Friday say that the nuclear tests conducted by both India and Pakistan were of concern for?
What did the statement say that the two neighboring countries should refrain from?
What is May 29-- Turkey and Iran?
When is ANKARA?
What has called on Pakistan and India to join the comprehensive test ban treaty?
What did IRNA say in a delayed report on Friday iranian Foreign Ministry spokesman Mahmoud Mohammadi said on Thursday that Iran follows with deep concern the ongoing chain of?
Who did IRNA say in a delayed report on Friday said on Thursday that Iran follows with deep concern the ongoing chain of events concerning nuclear tests?
What added, ``Turkey wishes that this alarming development recorded in the recent weeks will not pave the way for a new nuclear arms race''?
Where has Iran called to cease nuclear tests and rivalry?
What did the statement say from?
What has called on Pakistan and India to cease nuclear tests and rivalry?
What did IRNA say in a delayed report on Friday iranian Foreign Ministry spokesman Mahmoud Mohammadi said on Thursday with?
What were the official news agency?
What did the spokesman warn that in, the status and future of Nuclear Non-Proliferation Treaty would face great uncertainty?
What has Iran called on Pakistan and India to cease?
What calls the Nuclear Non-Proliferation Treaty and the Comprehensive Test Ban Treaty discriminatory?
What have ANKARA expressed over the underground nuclear tests conducted by Pakistan to match India's five explosions two week ago?
Who did the Italian Foreign Ministry summon on Friday?
What also exploded five nuclear devices on Thursday?
What did italian Foreign Minister Lamberto Dini say Italy deplores the 10 nuclear tests India and Pakistan have conducted at?
What asked the two neighbors not to test any more nuclear devices?
When did Pakistan also explode five nuclear devices?
What have the Indian and Pakistani nuclear tests resulted in?
What did Russian Foreign Minister Yevgeny Primakov say?
What did Moscow do admit that the nuclear tests have made in South Asia explosive?
What did the Peruvian government note?
What could the new arms race result in?
What added that India and Pakistan should start talks now and solve conflicts with the help of the international communities?
Who did India and Pakistan ask not to test any more nuclear devices?
What did the Italian Foreign Ministry voice?
What did India ignite?
What do BEIJING continue to criticize for conducting nuclear tests, urging the two South Asian countries to abandon plans for future tests?
What did italian Foreign Minister Lamberto Dini say Italy deplores India and Pakistan have conducted at a cabinet meeting on Friday?
What did Russian Foreign Minister Yevgeny Primakov say does not support sanctions?
What are they in consequence?
What summoned Pakistani Ambassador Arif Ayub on Friday?
What expressed firm opposition to the Indian and Pakistani nuclear tests?
What did italian Foreign Minister Lamberto Dini say at a cabinet meeting on Friday?
What are nuclear tests in consequence?
What continue to criticize India and Pakistan for conducting nuclear tests, urging the two South Asian countries to abandon plans for future tests?
Who is also visiting Helsinki?
What did Pakistan claim the tests were done for?
What did the Italian Foreign Ministry add with?
What have resulted in international sanctions against both New Delhi and Islamabad?
What did Pakistan claim were done for the sake of national security?
How many nuclear devices did Pakistan also explode on Thursday?
What did Moscow do admit in?
What did Moscow believe that sanctions achieve?
What set off five underground nuclear devices two weeks ago?
What did italian Foreign Minister Lamberto Dini say Italy deplores the 10 nuclear tests at a cabinet meeting on Friday?
What did Moscow believe?
What did India and Pakistan ask the two neighbors not to test?
What are they a real danger to the stability of the region and to international security in?
What did Pakistan also explode on Thursday?
Where did Moscow do admit that the nuclear tests have made situations explosive?
Who expressed firm opposition to the Indian and Pakistani nuclear tests?
How many neighbors did India and Pakistan ask not to test any more nuclear devices?
What ignited global anger?
What did the Peruvian foreign ministry say in, ``The nuclear tests have a direct relationship with the development of nuclear weapons''?
What did admit that the nuclear tests have made situations in South Asia explosive?
What did the press release say is urgent to stop nuclear testing and create nuclear-free zones?
Who is visiting Finland?
What did the Peruvian government note that universal adherence to the nuclear non-proliferation treaty and the complete ban on nuclear tests is?
Where did Moscow do admit?
What claimed the tests were done for the sake of national security?
What is May 30-- Politicians from Europe and South America?
What have caused worldwide concern over the possibility of a new arms race?
What noted that universal adherence to the nuclear non-proliferation treaty and the complete ban on nuclear tests is a guarantee against the proliferation of nuclear weapons?
What are a real danger to the stability of the region and to international security in consequence?
What did they express?
What did italian Foreign Minister Lamberto Dini say deplores the 10 nuclear tests India and Pakistan have conducted at a cabinet meeting on Friday?
When did the Italian Foreign Ministry summon Pakistani Ambassador Arif Ayub?
How many underground nuclear devices did India set off two weeks ago?
When is BEIJING?
What did nuclear tests express?
Who said Moscow does not support sanctions?
What voiced concerns over the Pakistani tests?
What did italian Foreign Minister Lamberto Dini say Italy deplores the 10 nuclear tests have conducted at a cabinet meeting on Friday?
What did Russian Foreign Minister Yevgeny Primakov say Moscow does not support?
What is Russian Foreign Minister Yevgeny Primakov also visiting?
What did India set off two weeks ago?
What have the recent nuclear tests in the two countries caused?
Who said Italy deplores the 10 nuclear tests India and Pakistan have conducted at a cabinet meeting on Friday?
What did Pakistan claim for?
What did Moscow do admit that the nuclear tests have made situations in explosive?
Who are a real danger to the stability of the region and to international security in consequence?
Who held a joint press conference Friday?
What did the press release say?
What said in a press release, ``The nuclear tests have a direct relationship with the development of nuclear weapons''?
What said it is urgent to stop nuclear testing and create nuclear-free zones?
What could result in dangerous consequences on the South Asian subcontinent?
What is finnish President Martti Ahtisaari and Argentine President Carlos Menem visiting?
What are nuclear tests a real danger to the stability of the region and to international security in?
What believed that sanctions achieve nothing?
What did he also say hopes the international community to avoid double-standard policy which turns a blind eye to Israel's nuclear facilities?
What did he also say his country hopes the international community to avoid?
What did he say Saudi Arabia supports?
What has raised doubt that Tehran may be seeking access to nuclear weapons?
What is Iran building with Russian assistance?
When did Kuwait News Agency report CAIRO called on India and Pakistan to show great self-restraint?
What did Saudi Information Minister Fuad Al-Faresi also say hopes the international community to avoid double-standard policy which turns a blind eye to Israel's nuclear facilities?
What was Pakistan in?
What did CAIRO say in?
What has this raised?
What is Iran building a nuclear power plant in Bushehr in the south with?
Who also said his country hopes the international community to avoid double-standard policy which turns a blind eye to Israel's nuclear facilities?
What did Kuwait News Agency report Monday CAIRO called on India and Pakistan to show?
What was Saudi Information Minister Fuad Al-Faresi quoted as saying to practice self-restraint?
What said that nuclear tests conducted by both countries do not serve security and stability in the region?
What is building a nuclear power plant in Bushehr in the south with Russian assistance?
Who made the remarks in a statement after the weekly cabinet meeting?
What did Saudi Information Minister Fuad Al-Faresi also say his country hopes to avoid double-standard policy which turns a blind eye to Israel's nuclear facilities?
What did Al-Faresi make the remarks in after the weekly cabinet meeting?
What did he also say his country hopes to avoid double-standard policy which turns a blind eye to Israel's nuclear facilities?
Who was quoted as saying that his country understood the viewpoint of Pakistani government as to safeguarding its security to practice self-restraint?
When did Iran's Defense Minister Ali Shamkhani say that Tehran is against any nuclear test intended for weapon purposes, but favors civilian use of nuclear energy?
What did he also say?
What was June 1-- Saudi Arabia?
What did CAIRO say that nuclear tests conducted by both countries do not serve in the region?
Where did CAIRO say that nuclear tests conducted by both countries do not serve security and stability?
What did Kuwait News Agency report Monday CAIRO called on to show great self-restraint?
What did Iran's Defense Minister Ali Shamkhani say on Monday against?
What did Saudi Information Minister Fuad Al-Faresi say Saudi Arabia supports?
What did Kuwait News Agency report Monday called on India and Pakistan to show great self-restraint?
Where did Kuwait News Agency report Monday CAIRO called to show great self-restraint?
What was in response to India's nuclear tests on May 11 and May 13?
Where did CAIRO say?
What did Al-Faresi make the remarks in a statement after?
What did he say supports a full ban of nuclear proliferation?
Who said Saudi Arabia supports a full ban of nuclear proliferation?
What was Saudi Information Minister Fuad Al-Faresi quoted as saying on to practice self-restraint?
When was CAIRO?
What did Al-Faresi make in a statement after the weekly cabinet meeting?
What did Iran's Defense Minister Ali Shamkhani say?
What did CAIRO say that nuclear tests conducted by both countries do not serve security and stability in?
Who said on Monday that Tehran is against any nuclear test intended for weapon purposes, but favors civilian use of nuclear energy?
What did he say Saudi Arabia supports a full ban of?
What did Saudi Information Minister Fuad Al-Faresi say supports a full ban of nuclear proliferation?
Who said Saudi Arabia seeks to make the Middle East a region free of mass-destruction weapons?
What did Saudi Information Minister Fuad Al-Faresi also say his country hopes the international community to avoid?
Who was quoted as saying that we still calls on both Pakistan and India to practice self-restraint?
Who said, ``Iran wants the Middle East and the Persian Gulf to be free from non-conventional weapons''?
What did Saudi Information Minister Fuad Al-Faresi say Saudi Arabia supports a full ban of?
What reported Monday CAIRO called on India and Pakistan to show great self-restraint?
What carried out six nuclear tests last week?
What did Saudi Information Minister Fuad Al-Faresi say seeks to make the Middle East a region free of mass-destruction weapons?
What did he say seeks to make the Middle East a region free of mass-destruction weapons?
What did he say?
Where was Saudi Information Minister Fuad Al-Faresi quoted as saying to practice self-restraint?
What did Saudi Information Minister Fuad Al-Faresi also say?
What has neither Pakistan nor India done everything necessary to place on delivery vehicles in experts ' opinion?
When did Russian Foreign Ministry state MOSCOW does not see India and Pakistan as nuclear club members though they conducted a series of nuclear tests?
What did India and Pakistan conduct?
Who said, ``the Interfax news agency is precisely in this capacity that India and Pakistan urge these countries to join the Nuclear Non-Proliferation Treaty?''
What did Russian Foreign Ministry state on Wednesday does not see India and Pakistan as nuclear club members though they conducted a series of nuclear tests?
What has done everything necessary to convert nuclear devices to warheads in experts ' opinion?
What has neither Pakistan nor India done everything necessary to convert nuclear devices to in experts ' opinion?
Who did Russian Foreign Ministry state on Wednesday MOSCOW does not see India and Pakistan as though they conducted a series of nuclear tests?
Who has neither Pakistan nor India done everything necessary to place on delivery vehicles in experts ' opinion?
What has neither Pakistan nor India done everything necessary to convert to warheads in experts ' opinion?
When was MOSCOW?
What has neither Pakistan nor India done everything necessary to place them on delivery vehicles in?
What has neither Pakistan nor India done everything necessary to convert nuclear devices to warheads in?
What conducted a series of nuclear tests?
What has done everything necessary to place them on delivery vehicles in experts ' opinion?
What has done everything necessary to place nuclear devices on delivery vehicles in experts ' opinion?
What has neither Pakistan nor India done everything necessary to place nuclear devices on in experts ' opinion?
What has neither Pakistan nor India done to convert nuclear devices to warheads in experts ' opinion?
Who conducted a series of nuclear tests?
Whose opinion has neither Pakistan nor India done everything necessary to place nuclear devices on delivery vehicles in?
Whose opinion has neither Pakistan nor India done everything necessary to convert nuclear devices to warheads in?
Who stated on Wednesday MOSCOW does not see India and Pakistan as nuclear club members though they conducted a series of nuclear tests?
What did Russian Foreign Ministry state on Wednesday MOSCOW does not see as nuclear club members though they conducted a series of nuclear tests?
Whose opinion has neither Pakistan nor India done everything necessary to place them on delivery vehicles in?
What did the spokesman say, ``It is precisely in this capacity?''
What has neither Pakistan nor India done to place nuclear devices on delivery vehicles in experts ' opinion?
What has neither Pakistan nor India done everything necessary to place them on in experts ' opinion?
What did India and Pakistan conduct a series of?
What did they conduct?
What did they conduct a series of?
Who said, ``It is precisely in this capacity that we urge these countries to join the Nuclear Non-Proliferation Treaty?''
What was June 3-- Russia?
What has neither Pakistan nor India done to place them on delivery vehicles in experts ' opinion?
What did the spokesman say, ``the Interfax news agency is precisely in this capacity?''
What has neither Pakistan nor India done everything necessary to place nuclear devices on delivery vehicles in?
What did it urge to the NPT?
How many pacts are basic factors in preventing nuclear proliferation?
What urged India and Pakistan to conduct no more nuclear tests similar to those they carried out last month?
What are basic factors in preventing nuclear proliferation?
What did a resolution passed at the 28th OAS annual meeting urge India and Pakistan to?
What did a resolution passed at the 28th OAS annual meeting urge to the NPT?
What are the two pacts in preventing nuclear proliferation?
What are basic factors in promoting nuclear disarmament?
Who condemned the nuclear tests conducted by India and Pakistan last month in a resolution passed at the 28th OAS annual meeting?
What urged India and Pakistan to seek peaceful means to settle their differences?
What did foreign ministers or their representatives from the 34 member states condemn the nuclear tests conducted by India and Pakistan last month in?
What did the resolution call for on the part of the South Asian countries in question?
What did a resolution passed at the 28th OAS annual meeting urge India and Pakistan to seek to settle their differences?
What did it urge India and Pakistan to seek to settle their differences?
How many pacts are basic factors in promoting nuclear disarmament?
What did the resolution say in?
What urged India and Pakistan to sign immediately?
What did it urge India and Pakistan to seek peaceful means to settle?
What did a resolution passed at the 28th OAS annual meeting urge to sign immediately?
What urged India and Pakistan to the NPT?
What did a resolution passed at the 28th OAS annual meeting urge India and Pakistan to seek peaceful means to settle?
What said that the tests not only violated the Nuclear Non-Proliferation Treaty but also threatened peace and stability in South Asia?
What did a resolution passed at the 28th OAS annual meeting also stress to sign the NPT and the Comprehensive Test Ban Treaty?
What are the two pacts in promoting nuclear disarmament?
What also stressed the importance for all countries in the world to sign the NPT and the Comprehensive Test Ban Treaty?
Where did the resolution say?
What did it urge to seek peaceful means to settle their differences?
What were June 3?
What did it urge to sign immediately?
What did cARACAS-- Members of the Organization of American States Wednesday urge to conduct no more nuclear tests similar to those they carried out last month?
What did cARACAS-- Members of the Organization of American States Wednesday urge India and Pakistan to conduct?
When were cARACAS?
What did a resolution passed at the 28th OAS annual meeting also stress the importance for all countries in the world to sign?
What did it urge India and Pakistan to?
What did the resolution call for utmost restraint and renouncement of any new nuclear testing plan on?
What did a resolution passed at the 28th OAS annual meeting urge to seek peaceful means to settle their differences?
What did it also stress the importance for all countries in the world to sign?
What did it also stress to sign the NPT and the Comprehensive Test Ban Treaty?
What called for utmost restraint and renouncement of any new nuclear testing plan on the part of the South Asian countries in question?
Who was Alexei Yablokov?
What triggered Pakistan to follow suit late that month?
What did he say nearly 190 countries have joined?
Who said, ``Russia has developed and will continue to develop its military cooperation with India within the framework of international norms and national legislation''?
Who said nearly 190 countries have joined the treaty?
What did Yablokov say signed a deal supplementing the Soviet-Indian agreement of 1988 on cooperation in construction of a nuclear power station in Kudankulam?
When was MOSCOW?
Who told Interfax the NPT was violated by Russia's plan to supply India with nuclear technology?
What did the treaty take in 1970?
What did Alexei Yablokov tell Interfax the NPT was violated by?
What repeated its call to India and Pakistan to join the Nuclear Non-Proliferation Treaty?
What did he say have joined the treaty?
What did Alexei Yablokov tell Interfax was violated by Russia's plan to supply India with nuclear technology?
What was extended indefinitely in 1995?
When was the treaty extended indefinitely?
What wanted to carry out military cooperation with India if it respected Moscow's line on nuclear disarmament?
Where did MOSCOW-- Russia on Thursday repeat its call to join the Nuclear Non-Proliferation Treaty?
When did the treaty take effect?
What did Vladimir Rakhmanin say nearly 190 countries have joined?
How many countries did he say have joined the treaty?
What launched underground nuclear tests on May 11 and 13?
Who was Vladimir Rakhmanin?
What did Vladimir Rakhmanin say have joined the treaty?
What did Russia not favor?
How many countries did Vladimir Rakhmanin say have joined the treaty?
What did Yablokov say Russia and India signed supplementing the Soviet-Indian agreement of 1988 on cooperation in construction of a nuclear power station in Kudankulam?
When did India launch underground nuclear tests?
What did Russia want to carry out if it respected Moscow's line on nuclear disarmament?
When was Russia and India?
What wanted the pact to be universal?
What took effect in 1970?
What did Yablokov say Russia and India signed a deal supplementing the Soviet-Indian agreement of 1988 on?
What was on June 21?
When did Yablokov say Russia and India signed a deal supplementing the Soviet-Indian agreement on cooperation in construction of a nuclear power station in Kudankulam?
Who said ``Russia insists on immediate and unconditional accession'' of India and Pakistan to the treaty, and the revision of their nuclear policies?
What did MOSCOW-- Russia on Thursday repeat its call to India and Pakistan to join?
Who said Russia and India signed a deal supplementing the Soviet-Indian agreement of 1988 on cooperation in construction of a nuclear power station in Kudankulam?
What did India trigger to follow suit late that month?
What was July 2?
Who was a spokesman for Russian Foreign Ministry?
What did Russia want?
What did Yablokov say Russia and India signed a deal supplementing on cooperation in construction of a nuclear power station in Kudankulam?
Who did Alexei Yablokov tell the NPT was violated by Russia's plan to supply India with nuclear technology?
What did MOSCOW-- Russia on Thursday repeat its call to to join the Nuclear Non-Proliferation Treaty?
What did not favor sanctions against India?
What did India launch on May 11 and 13?
Who was a well known Russian environmental expert?
What did Alexei Yablokov tell Interfax by?
What did MOSCOW-- Russia on Thursday repeat to India and Pakistan to join the Nuclear Non-Proliferation Treaty?
What has Pakistan achieved from the tests conducted on May 28 and 30?
Who said there would be no cut in the present stock material?
What was September 14?
What did Qadeer say, ``scientists conducted nuclear tests on May 28 and 30 to convey the message to the world''?
What cannot take away anything of scientists that we have achieved as a result of nuclear blasts?
Who said, ``We conducted nuclear tests on May 28 and 30 to convey the message to the world that Pakistan has become a nuclear power''?
What has Pakistan achieved its objectives from?
What did he say there would be no cut in?
What did the two renowned scientists say in a briefing for the members of the two houses of Parliament?
What did Qadeer say in?
What has achieved its objectives from the tests conducted on May 28 and 30?
What can the CTBT not take away anything of scientists as?
Who said, ``scientists conducted nuclear tests on May 28 and 30 to convey the message to the world that Pakistan has become a nuclear power''?
Who was asked as to whether Pakistan would open its nuclear installations for inspection after signing the CTBT?
What can the CTBT not take away anything of us that we have achieved as?
What does the Treaty only bar?
Who said Pakistan maintained its nuclear capability for a long time without conducting test?
When did Qadeer say?
What did the two renowned scientists say there is in a briefing for the members of the two houses of Parliament?
What only bars new tests?
When was ISLAMABAD?
What can the CTBT not take away anything of us as?
What did he also say?
When did Qadeer say Pakistan maintained its nuclear capability without conducting test?
What did Qadeer also say?
Who also said that Pakistan has already announced moratorium on nuclear tests?
What did ISLAMABAD-- Pakistan's scientists Dr. Abdul Qadeer Khan and Dr. Ishfaq Ahmed say here Monday?
What cannot take away anything of us that we have achieved as a result of nuclear blasts?
What did he say, ``We conducted nuclear tests on May 28 and 30 to convey the message to the world''?
What did Qadeer say Pakistan maintained for a long time without conducting test?
What did Qadeer say maintained its nuclear capability for a long time without conducting test?
What can the CTBT not take away that we have achieved as a result of nuclear blasts?
When did he also say that Pakistan has already announced?
When did Qadeer also say that Pakistan has already announced?
What did Qadeer say there would be no cut in?
Who can the CTBT not take away anything of that we have achieved as a result of nuclear blasts?
Who said, ``there is no clause in the Treaty which allows inspection''?
What can the CTBT not take away anything of scientists that we have achieved as?
What said here Monday that no clause of the Comprehensive Test Ban Treaty will affect Pakistan's nuclear capability?
What did he say in?
Who said?
What did ISLAMABAD-- Pakistan's scientists Dr. Abdul Qadeer Khan and Dr. Ishfaq Ahmed say here Monday that no clause of the Comprehensive Test Ban Treaty will affect?
What slapped economic sanctions after the country's nuclear tests last May?
What did ISLAMABAD urge Pakistan to sign before India?
What has been for several months under tremendous pressure by the Western countries to ink the CTBT before the sanctions are lifted?
Who said Japan agreed that Kashmir is the root cause of tension in South Asia and hoped the tension would reduce through bilateral talks between Pakistan and India?
What had Japan extended 500 million U. S. dollars to annually?
What stopped granting aids and loans to Pakistan?
What did the Japanese government remove its opposition to Pakistan's getting loans from?
What did ISLAMABAD say Pakistan would boost the image of in the international community?
Who was the Japanese delegation led by?
What did Japan slap economic sanctions after last May?
What did Ogawa say Tokyo could partially restore to Pakistan after its signing and ratification of the Nuclear Non-Proliferation Treaty?
Who led the Pakistani side at the talks?
Who said the Japanese delegation stressed the need for legislation to tighten control over the export of nuclear technology to third country?
What did Ogawa say Japan agreed through?
Who rejected reports that Islamabad is receiving any assistance from third country in the nuclear field?
What said Pakistan would boost the image of Pakistan in the international community?
What did he say the Japanese delegation stressed to third country?
What did a senior Japanese official say stressed the need for legislation to tighten control over the export of nuclear technology to third country?
What did Pakistan's Foreign Secretary Shamshad Ahmed reject?
Where had Japan extended 500 million U. S. dollars annually?
Where did Ogawa say?
What had Japan extended to Pakistan annually?
What are lifted?
What did Ogawa say to?
What did the Japanese government refuse to lift sanctions before?
What did a senior Japanese official say the Japanese delegation stressed the need for legislation to tighten control over the export of nuclear technology to?
How many U. S. dollars had Japan extended to Pakistan annually?
What removed its opposition to Pakistan's getting loans from international institutions?
What did ISLAMABAD say it would boost the image of Pakistan in?
What did Pakistan's Foreign Secretary Shamshad Ahmed lead the Pakistani side at?
What did the Japanese government refuse to lift before Pakistan signs the CTBT?
What said it would boost the image of Pakistan in the international community?
When has Pakistan been under tremendous pressure by the Western countries to ink the CTBT before the sanctions are lifted?
Who said, ``We also asked Pakistan to refrain from further test of missile and stop the production of fissile materials''?
Where did pakistani officials tell the Japanese side that Pakistan is participating in the talks on Fissile Material Cut-off Treaty?
What was February 16-- Japan Tuesday?
What was led by Deputy Foreign Minister Minoru Tamba?
What did ISLAMABAD urge Pakistan to sign the Comprehensive Test Ban Treaty before?
What did he say the Japanese delegation stressed the need for legislation to tighten control over the export of nuclear technology to?
What has Pakistan been for several months under before the sanctions are lifted?
What did ISLAMABAD say it would boost the image of in the international community?
What did Director in the Japanese Foreign Ministry Kazauya Ogawa say is ready to facilitate Pakistan and India to hold talks in Tokyo if the two countries agree?
What did he say to?
What did he say is ready to facilitate Pakistan and India to hold talks in Tokyo if the two countries agree?
What did pakistani officials tell the Japanese side that Pakistan is participating in in Geneva?
Who said Tokyo could partially restore aid to Pakistan after its signing and ratification of the Nuclear Non-Proliferation Treaty?
What did a senior Japanese official say the Japanese delegation stressed to third country?
What did Pakistan's Foreign Secretary Shamshad Ahmed lead at the talks?
What had extended 500 million U. S. dollars to Pakistan annually?
What did the Japanese government stop granting aids and loans to?
Where did the Japanese government stop granting aids and loans?
What did Ogawa say Tokyo could partially restore aid to Pakistan after?
What would Japan lift if Pakistan signs the CTBT?
What urged Pakistan to sign the Comprehensive Test Ban Treaty before India?
What did pakistani officials tell the Japanese side in?
What said Japan is ready to facilitate Pakistan and India to hold talks in Tokyo if the two countries agree?
What did Ogawa say could partially restore aid to Pakistan after its signing and ratification of the Nuclear Non-Proliferation Treaty?
What did ISLAMABAD say in?
What did ISLAMABAD urge to sign the Comprehensive Test Ban Treaty before India?
What is to convince Pakistan to sign the CTBT?
What was Ogawa asked?
Who said Japan is ready to facilitate Pakistan and India to hold talks in Tokyo if the two countries agree?
When was ISLAMABAD?
What decided not to support Pakistan in getting loans from international financial institutions like the World Bank, International Monetary Fund and Asian Development Bank?
What did the Japanese government remove its opposition to from international institutions?
What did ISLAMABAD say would boost the image of Pakistan in the international community?
Who was asked whether Japan would lift sanctions if Pakistan signs the CTBT?
What did the Japanese government stop granting to Pakistan?
What did Ogawa say Tokyo could partially restore aid to after its signing and ratification of the Nuclear Non-Proliferation Treaty?
What did he say stressed the need for legislation to tighten control over the export of nuclear technology to third country?
Who did talks hold here between?
What did ISLAMABAD say Pakistan would boost in the international community?
What did a senior Japanese official say to?
What did ISLAMABAD say it would boost in the international community?
What held here between officials from the two countries?
What refused to lift sanctions before Pakistan signs the CTBT?
What did pakistani officials tell that Pakistan is participating in the talks on Fissile Material Cut-off Treaty in Geneva?
What would lift sanctions if Pakistan signs the CTBT?
Who told the Japanese side that Pakistan is participating in the talks on Fissile Material Cut-off Treaty in Geneva?
What was the largest donor to Pakistan?
Where did Ogawa say Tokyo could partially restore aid after its signing and ratification of the Nuclear Non-Proliferation Treaty?
Who was Japan?
What did ISLAMABAD say Pakistan would boost the image of Pakistan in?
What did the Japanese government remove to Pakistan's getting loans from international institutions?
What did the Japanese government decide not to support in getting loans from international financial institutions like the World Bank, International Monetary Fund and Asian Development Bank?
What did pakistani officials tell the Japanese side that Pakistan is participating in the talks on Fissile Material Cut-off Treaty in?
What did Ogawa say agreed that Kashmir is the root cause of tension in South Asia and hoped the tension would reduce through bilateral talks between Pakistan and India?
What came after Saudi Second Prime Minister and Defense and Aviation Minister Sultan Ibn Abdul-Aziz denied any Saudi attempts to acquire nuclear weapons from Pakistan or any other country?
What did the Kuwait News Agency report renewed its support to efforts in eliminating weapons of mass destruction?
What reported KUWAIT CITY renewed its support to efforts in eliminating weapons of mass destruction?
What did the Kuwait News Agency report KUWAIT CITY renewed to efforts in eliminating weapons of mass destruction?
What did he urge to open their nuclear facilities to international inspection?
What did earlier reports say that British officials were worried that Riyadh might have sought to buy from Pakistan?
Who urged all nations to join the nuclear Non-Proliferation Treaty?
What did earlier reports say that British officials were worried from?
What did the Kuwait News Agency report KUWAIT CITY renewed its support to in eliminating weapons of mass destruction?
Who urged all nations to open their nuclear facilities to international inspection?
What did he urge all nations to join?
What did he voice concern at by many countries of nuclear, chemical and biological weapons?
What did Sultan say it did not ``exceed the entrances of the sites'' and did not include secret facilities as reported in?
What did he voice at the possession by many countries of nuclear, chemical and biological weapons?
Who denied any Saudi attempts to acquire nuclear weapons from Pakistan or any other country?
What did earlier reports say from?
What did he urge all nations to open to international inspection?
Who voiced concern at the possession by many countries of nuclear, chemical and biological weapons?
What did Saudi Second Prime Minister and Defense and Aviation Minister Sultan Ibn Abdul-Aziz deny?
What was August 9-- Saudi Arabia on Monday?
What did he voice concern at the possession by?
What said that British officials were worried that Riyadh might have sought to buy nuclear weapons from Pakistan?
What did he urge all nations to open their nuclear facilities to?
What did earlier reports say that British officials were worried that Riyadh might have sought to buy nuclear weapons from?
What did he urge to join the nuclear Non-Proliferation Treaty?
When was KUWAIT CITY?
What did Sultan say in response to a question over his visit to a uranium enrichment plant and a missile factory in Pakistan?
Who added, ``Our nuclear policy is to maintain credible nuclear deterrence''?
What did he make on behalf of Pakistan's Foreign Minister Abdul Sattar regretted toward the nuclear tests conducted by India and Pakistan in May 1998 in a statement?
What described it as ``a positive contribution to the strengthening of the no-test norm''?
Whose tests did a statement say?
What will the CTBT not gain effect until?
What did the statement say was Pakistan the first to conduct nuclear explosive tests?
When did ISLAMABAD say that it will maintain credible nuclear deterrence to prevent any aggression against it?
Where did the sixth NPT review conference end on May 20?
Who was the spokesman?
What did we not initiate the induction of into the region?
Who did not initiate the induction of weapons capability into the region?
What will not ratify it?
What was May 23-- Pakistan?
What did we not initiate the induction of weapons capability into?
What said Tuesday that it will maintain credible nuclear deterrence to prevent any aggression against it?
What will not ratify effect?
What said nor was Pakistan the first to conduct nuclear explosive tests?
What did Pakistan describe as ``a positive contribution to the strengthening of the no-test norm''?
What did a statement accuse?
What did it accuse?
Whose tests did it say?
What will the CTBT not gain until all the 44 countries concerned sign?
When was ISLAMABAD?
Who was Pakistan's Foreign Minister Abdul Sattar?
What did Pakistan express its appreciation of the conference's call for?
What did ISLAMABAD say Tuesday that it will maintain?
What has neither Pakistan nor India so far signed?
What did we not initiate into the region?
What said Pakistan's tests ``restored the strategic balance''?
What expressed its appreciation of the conference's call for the observance of the Comprehensive Test Ban Treaty?
When did the sixth NPT review conference end in New York?
What did the sixth NPT review conference end in on May 20?
What accused India's nuclear tests of destabilizing the security environment in South Asia?
What did a statement say?
What will not gain effect until all the 44 countries concerned sign?
What did Pakistan describe it as?
What ended in New York on May 20?
What did ISLAMABAD say Tuesday?
What did it say?
What will the CTBT not ratify?
What has so far signed the CTBT?
What did Pakistan express for the observance of the Comprehensive Test Ban Treaty?
What did Pakistan express its appreciation of for the observance of the Comprehensive Test Ban Treaty?
