What is the music stored in?
What Metallica has accused three universities and the makers of a popular Internet music sharing software of copyright infringement and racketeering?
Who does the Napster software program allow to search for?
What is the trade group seeking $100,000 for?
What have its use by students downloading audio files slowed to a crawl?
What have access to the Napster's use by students downloading audio files slowed their computer networks to?
Who do the music do?
What is therefore sickening to know that our art is being traded like a commodity rather than the art that it is?
What does the trade group represent?
If these people insist on turning it over to lawyers who 'll defend the case on that turf?
What did Metallica drummer Lars Ulrich say in we take our craft-- whether it be the music?
Who did Eileen Richardson say regret that the band's management saw fit to issue a press release without even attempting to contact Napster?
What does the Napster software program allow Internet users to download music directly from?
Who does the Napster software program allow to download music directly from each others ' computer hard drives?
Who also has been sued by the Recording Industry Association of America in federal court in San Francisco?
What be the music?
What did a spokesman for Indiana University say?
If these people insist on turning it over to lawyers what 'll we defend the case on?
What does the Napster software program allow Internet users to download directly from each others ' computer hard drives?
What did Metallica drummer Lars Ulrich say in a statement on the Elektra Records Web site we take-- whether it be the music?
What filed the lawsuit in U. S. District Court in Los Angeles on Thursday?
How many universities are known to have blocked access to Napster because its use by students downloading audio files have slowed their computer networks to a crawl?
What allows Internet users to search for?
What did Eileen Richardson say we regret?
What are known to have blocked access to Napster because its use by students downloading audio files have slowed their computer networks to a crawl?
What are at least seven universities known to have blocked because its use by students downloading audio files have slowed their computer networks to a crawl?
What it be?
What did Metallica drummer Lars Ulrich say in a statement on the Elektra Records Web site we take our craft--?
What did the trade group allege by Napster?
What represents major recording labels?
What do most artists?
When did the San Francisco-based band file the lawsuit in U. S. District Court in Los Angeles?
What is seeking $100,000 for each song traded using Napster software?
How many universities and the makers of a popular Internet music sharing software of copyright infringement and racketeering has SAN FRANCISCO-- Heavy metal rock band Metallica accused?
Who did the trade group allege copyright infringement by?
Who did Metallica drummer Lars Ulrich say in a statement on the Elektra Records Web site take our craft-- whether it be the music?
What does Metallica allege?
What did a spokesman for Indiana University say lawyers for the university had not seen?
What has Napster also been sued by the Recording Industry Association of America in?
What does the federal lawsuit contend encouraged users of Napster software to trade copyrighted material without the band's permission?
What have access to the Napster's use by students downloading audio files slowed to a crawl?
Whose computer hard drives does the Napster software program allow Internet users to download music directly from?
Who was the company's chief executive officer?
What was the lyrics, or the photos and artwork very seriously?
Who did a spokesman for Indiana University say had not seen the lawsuit?
What were not immediately returned?
What did Eileen Richardson say we regret that the band's management saw fit to issue without even attempting to contact Napster?
What allows Internet users to download music directly from each others ' computer hard drives?
If these people insist on turning it over to lawyers what 'll we defend on that turf?
What has SAN FRANCISCO-- Heavy metal rock band Metallica accused?
What have slowed their computer networks to a crawl?
What did the San Francisco-based band file in U. S. District Court in Los Angeles on Thursday?
What is stored in a digital format known as MP3?
Who was Eileen Richardson?
Who said lawyers for the university had not seen the lawsuit?
What has Napster also been sued by in federal court in San Francisco?
What alleged copyright infringement by Napster?
What did the San Francisco-based band file the lawsuit in on Thursday?
What was the music?
What does the federal lawsuit contend without?
Who said we regret that the band's management saw fit to issue a press release without even attempting to contact Napster?
What is the trade group seeking for each song traded using Napster software?
What have its use by students downloading audio files slowed their computer networks to?
Who said in a statement on the Elektra Records Web site we take our craft-- whether it be the music?
Whose use by students downloading audio files have slowed their computer networks to a crawl?
What is the music stored in?
What agreed to block access from their computer network to an Internet site that allows people to trade copyrighted music?
Who do we thank for their quick response to the matter?
What did Metallica file a lawsuit against the school sharing?
Who does the Napster software program allow to search for?
Who filed a lawsuit against the school sharing software?
What was the school?
What did the band file in U. S. District Court in Los Angeles on April 13?
What did the band say in a written statement we appreciate the prompt and responsible reaction by?
What does the Napster software program allow Internet users to download music directly from?
When did Yale spokesman Tom Conroy say?
Who does the Napster software program allow to download music directly from each others ' computer hard drives?
What was Yale?
Who could clarify the legal issues surrounding Napster?
Who did the band say it would drop Yale as in a written statement?
What did the school agree to block from their computer network to an Internet site that allows people to trade copyrighted music?
What did Metallica file against the school sharing software?
What does the Napster software program allow Internet users to download directly from each others ' computer hard drives?
What allows Internet users to search for?
What do we thank for their quick response to the matter?
What could we clarify?
When did the band file the lawsuit in U. S. District Court in Los Angeles?
What did Metallica allege in their lawsuit?
What blocked access to the Napster site last week after Metallica filed a lawsuit against the school sharing software?
What was the University of Southern California?
What did he say then we notified students that we were blocking?
What did the band say it would drop as a defendant in a written statement?
What do we thank them for?
What was Yale the University of?
What did Metallica allege in internet users's lawsuit?
Whose computer hard drives does the Napster software program allow Internet users to download music directly from?
Who thank them for their quick response to the matter?
What did the band say would drop Yale as a defendant in a written statement?
What was two other universities and California-based Napster music?
What did Yale spokesman Tom Conroy say that some months ago Yale blocked during business hours in an effort to relieve congestion on the school's network?
What did he say in February, alerted students to federal copyright laws as they applied to Napster?
Who makes the popular Internet?
What did Metallica file a lawsuit against sharing software?
What did the band say in a written statement we appreciate by Yale University in dealing with the gross violations of copyright laws and the protection of intellectual property?
What allows Internet users to download music directly from each others ' computer hard drives?
Who said then we notified students that we were blocking access to Napster continuously?
What did Yale spokesman Tom Conroy say that some months ago Yale blocked access to the Napster Web site during business hours in?
What said it would drop Yale as a defendant in a written statement?
How many other universities and California-based Napster music was the school?
What did he say in February, the school alerted students to?
Who said that some months ago Yale blocked access to the Napster Web site during business hours in an effort to relieve congestion on the school's network?
Who did the band say as in a written statement?
What is stored in a digital format known as MP3?
Who did he say then notified students that we were blocking access to Napster continuously?
Who did he say then we notified that we were blocking access to Napster continuously?
What filed the lawsuit in U. S. District Court in Los Angeles on April 13?
What did the band file the lawsuit in on April 13?
What did the school agree to block access from to an Internet site that allows people to trade copyrighted music?
What did the school agree to block access from their computer network to?
What did the band say it would drop Yale as a defendant in?
What does Napster make?
When did he say, the school alerted students to federal copyright laws as they applied to Napster?
Who said in February, the school alerted students to federal copyright laws as they applied to Napster?
What did he say then we notified students?
Who has Napster begun forwarding those petitions to?
What did it also post on its Web site telling users how to file a counter notification if they felt they had been misidentified?
Who did Napster say from?
Who sued the company last month for copyright infringement and racketeering?
Whose attorney has Napster begun forwarding those petitions to?
Whose software did Metallica allege without?
What did the band's drummer hand to Napster headquarters in San Mateo two weeks ago?
What was offering Metallica MP3s for uploads?
What were metallica compiled 317,377 Napster usernames they allege trading?
Who did Metallica's attorney say he expects another client to notify on Wednesday of more than 200,000 users who illegally traded his music?
Whose attorney disputed Metallica's claims?
Who disputed Metallica's claims?
Who was Lars Ulrich?
If Metallica does not take legal action against individual users within 10 days of Tuesday's notice, who will restore those blocked accounts?
Whose attorney disputed their claims?
What did the band's drummer hand the list of usernames to two weeks ago?
Who said there's no question that they 're lying?
Who disputed their claims?
Who was the band's drummer?
Who did Napster say Tuesday it received notice from more than 30,000 MusicShare software users claiming as in the popular MP3 digital format?
Who was the client?
Who alleged that Napster's software encouraged users to freely trade the band's songs without permission?
What did attorney Howard King say there's?
What did Metallica's attorney dispute?
Who did the band's drummer hand the list of to Napster headquarters in San Mateo two weeks ago?
Who hand-delivered the list of usernames to Napster headquarters in San Mateo two weeks ago?
What was each and every one of them offering for uploads?
Whose attorney said he expects another client to notify Napster on Wednesday of more than 200,000 users who illegally traded his music?
Who was each and every one of there offering Metallica MP3s for?
What did Napster say Tuesday it received notice from more than 30,000 MusicShare software users claiming they were misidentified as persons illegally trading Metallica's copyrighted songs in?
Who was rap artist Dr. Dre?
What reinstated?
Who did Napster say Tuesday it received notice from in the popular MP3 digital format?
What did Napster's 19-year-old founder Shawn Fanning say in a statement demonstrates that this is not a black and white issue?
What did Metallica allege without?
What did it also post information on telling users how to file a counter notification if they felt they had been misidentified?
When did Metallica's attorney say?
Who did Metallica's attorney say he expects to notify Napster on Wednesday of more than 200,000 users who illegally traded his music?
Who were trading the band's tunes?
Who was each and every one of them offering Metallica MP3s for?
What also posted information on its Web site telling users how to file a counter notification if they felt they had been misidentified?
Who has begun forwarding those petitions to Metallica's attorney?
Who responded by blocking access to those listed?
What 're absolutely lying?
What did Metallica allege that Napster's software encouraged users to freely trade the band's songs without?
Whose claims did Metallica's attorney dispute?
What did Metallica allege that Napster's software encouraged users to freely trade without permission?
Who did Metallica's attorney say expects another client to notify Napster on Wednesday of more than 200,000 users who illegally traded his music?
What did thousands of Metallica fans booted by online music sharing software company reinstate?
If Metallica does not take legal action against individual users within 10 days of Tuesday's notice, what will Napster restore?
When did Metallica's attorney say he expects another client to notify Napster?
Who did Metallica allege that Napster's software encouraged to freely trade the band's songs without permission?
Who said he expects another client to notify Napster on Wednesday of more than 200,000 users who illegally traded his music?
Who 're absolutely lying?
Who did it also post information on its Web site telling how to file a counter notification if they felt they had been misidentified?
What was each and every one of there offering for uploads?
What did it also post information on its Web site telling users?
What did Metallica sue the company last month for?
What did Michael Fine say because of?
What does NEW YORK-- The music industry have?
Who said I think it's clear that it has had an impact?
Who was spokeswoman for the Recording Industry Association of America?
Who said a study released Wednesday's hard to quantify how much potential revenue music companies may have lost because of downloading?
Who affects sales?
What have dozens of colleges banned the use of after heavy use clogged their computer systems?
What did Amy Weiss say the findings come as?
What alleges the company's software allows computer users to trade copyrighted music online without permission?
What did Reciprocal say sales at stores near colleges jumped by?
Who does both allege the company's software allows to trade copyrighted music online without permission?
Who was the study commissioned by?
What have dozens of colleges banned the use of Napster after?
Who do the RIAA and the rock band Metallica have both sued?
Who had no immediate comment on the study?
Who was Amy Weiss?
Who is the leading service that allows people to download music files for free from the Internet?
What do the RIAA and the rock band Metallica have sued Napster?
What does both allege the company's software allows computer users to trade copyrighted music online without?
When has the music business been dominated by Britney Spears?
What demonstrates the importance of protecting artists ' rights on the Internet?
What did Reciprocal find that the sales decline was when it studied outlets within five miles of the 67 colleges that had banned Napster by late February?
What did Representatives from Napster and Scour. net have?
What did he say because of?
What does NEW YORK-- The music industry have some fresh ammunition in its effort to prove into?
What did Reciprocal find within?
What is the most extensive attempt to try to document whether downloading affects sales?
Who said the findings come as no surprise?
Who said sales at stores near colleges jumped by 12 percent between 1997 and 1998?
What did Michael Fine say's hard to quantify how much potential revenue music companies may have lost because of downloading?
What did Michael Fine say I think it's clear?
Who did Michael Fine say think it's clear that it has had an impact?
What did he say's hard to quantify how much potential revenue music companies may have lost because of downloading?
What did Amy Weiss say confirm our worst fears?
Whose chief executive was Michael Fine?
Who said the findings confirm our worst fears?
What is it?
Who was the company?
What does downloading affect?
What did Michael Fine say I think it's clear that it has had?
Who has the music business been dominated in the past two years by?
What do the RIAA and the rock band Metallica have?
What did he say it's hard to quantify because of?
What showed that sales of recorded music near college campuses declined by 4 percent between the first three months of 1998 and the same period this year?
What did Michael Fine say I think?
What uses figures from Soundscan that measures music purchases?
Who was another company that locates audio files on the Web?
What was Soundscan?
What is a study released Wednesday the most extensive attempt to try to document?
What have banned the use of Napster after heavy use clogged their computer systems?
What is Napster?
Who was Soundscan's chief executive?
What said?
What does both allege without?
Who is the Backstreet Boys and ` N Sync?
What does this demonstrate?
What is it the most extensive attempt to try to document?
Who found that the sales decline was even steeper when it studied outlets within five miles of the 67 colleges that had banned Napster by late February?
What does both allege the company's software allows computer users to trade online without permission?
What have both sued Napster?
What is a study released Wednesday?
Who is artists?
Who was a digital rights management company?
What did a study released Wednesday show by?
What has been dominated in the past two years by Britney Spears?
What did Amy Weiss say the findings confirm?
What have dozens of colleges banned after heavy use clogged their computer systems?
What does the study use?
Who was Michael Fine?
What was commissioned by Reciprocal Inc.?
What did Michael Fine say a study released Wednesday's hard to quantify because of?
What did Amy Weiss say come as no surprise?
What did a study released Wednesday show that sales of recorded music near college campuses declined by?
Who said it's hard to quantify how much potential revenue music companies may have lost because of downloading?
What did Reciprocal say jumped by 12 percent between 1997 and 1998?
What did sales at all stores go up 12 percent during?
What did Michael Fine say I think's clear that it has had an impact?
What is Britney Spears?
What has some fresh ammunition in its effort to prove that Internet swapping of free music files has cut into music sales?
What went up 12 percent during the same time?
What does both allege allows computer users to trade copyrighted music online without permission?
What was Representatives from Napster and Scour. net?
What was Reciprocal Inc.?
What had the battle been by until last week?
Who said that Napster has put Metallica in the position and forced the band to ``take a stand?''
Who added that ``the heavy-metal band is a lousy position to be in'' for Metallica to be at odds with its fans?
What were reported Tuesday by Cnet. com?
What had com violated?
What did he say ``They 're''?
Who did a lawyer for the band say were making Metallica recordings available for others to copy?
Who do Napster officials assert are not involved in music piracy because the music is not kept on the company's computers?
What does the move already face?
What did he say ?
What was the music companies ' trade group the Recording Industry Association of?
Who was one of Metallica's managers?
Who listen to or download music?
Who did the Metallica lawyer say by?
What did a lawyer for the band say the users were making to copy?
What did she decline to say through?
What sued?
Who was Howard King?
Who did the Metallica lawyer say that if the tactic succeeded, he would encourage similar moves by?
Who is based in San Mateo?
Who can then use the Napster site to list the music stored on their computers?
What is Metallica one of of the last two decades?
What do they offer?
What did Rob Jones say?
What did Elizabeth Brooks say?
Who said the band had a right to distribute music free then, but also had the right to ask for payment from fans for its current CDs?
Who did a lawyer for the band potentially deprive?
Who did he add that ``it is a lousy position to be in'' for to be at odds with its fans?
What did Cliff Burnstein say the band decided?
What did King say he planned to hand over the list of to Napster in a collection of documents filling 30 cardboard boxes?
Who is Elektra Records a division of?
What had been waged primarily by the music companies ' trade group until last week?
Who deprived the band of the fruits of its investment?
Who said the company was obliged to take the step under the Digital Millennium Copyright Act of 1998?
What did Brooks say the 335,000 fans represented?
What did Metallica deprive?
What did Elizabeth Brooks decline to say through?
Who said ``They 're the No. 1 fan of George Washington''?
What is the dispute no longer between?
What did Napster officials say Tuesday under?
What did she say?
What said, ``They 're just being the man''?
What were the users?
What did a lawyer for the band say?
Who was the issue's lawyer?
What is a potential blow to the explosively popular but embattled Napster?
Who did he say ``'re the No. 1 fan of George Washington''?
What was San Mateo?
Who assert they are not involved in music piracy because the music is not kept on the company's computers?
What do they say their users must comply with?
Who does this now record for?
What can Computer users who download the Napster software then use the Napster site to list?
What now records for Elektra Records?
What did a lawyer for the band potentially deprive Napster of?
Whose managers was Cliff Burnstein one of?
What already faces several lawsuits?
Who said the 335,000 fans represented less than 10 percent of Napster's ``several million'' users?
Who did King say to?
Who added that ``it is a lousy position to be in'' for Metallica to be at odds with its fans?
What Metallica will seek to prevent 335,000 fans from using Napster for sharing music collections over the Internet?
What do they say with?
What is said to be among the most-traded cassette demo tapes in rock?
What did the Metallica lawyer say that if the tactic succeeded, he would encourage by other musicians?
What do Napster officials assert in?
What did he say ``'re the No. 1 fan of George Washington''?
What did he say in?''
What can Computer users who download the Napster software then use to list the music stored on their computers?
What did George Washington say ``those who have routinely copied music for each other on cassette tapes, or made illegal bootleg recordings at concerts, 're''?
Who do Napster officials say must comply with copyright law?
Who said Metallica had lost touch with this's fans?
What do the other Napster users visit in effect?
Where did he say?''
What stipulates that an online service is liable for copyright infringement if it is warned that a user is infringing a copyright and fails to act?
What is no longer between faceless record labels and Internet companies?
How many fans will the heavy-metal band Metallica seek to prevent from using Napster for sharing music collections over the Internet?
What was the music companies ' trade group?
What do record labels say are being pirated?
What is expected to take a significant turn that will pit musicians directly against their fans?
When were his plans reported by Cnet. com?
What did Cliff Burnstein say?
Where did the industry win at least an initial victory last week when a federal judge ruled that another online music database, MP3?
What did Brooks say?
Who was an Internet news site?
What did Jones of KNAC. com say did not feel they were costing the bands money by sharing music online?
What has brought online music sites into conflict with record labels?
How many fans did Brooks say represented less than 10 percent of Napster's ``several million'' users?
Who were a lawyer for the band's plans reported Tuesday by?
Who did a lawyer for the band add that ``the heavy-metal band is a lousy position to be in'' for to be at odds with its fans?
Who was a Web site catering to heavy-metal fans?
What did Jones of KNAC. com say?
When had the battle been waged primarily by the music companies ' trade group?
Who potentially deprived Napster of thousands of users?
Who does it now record for?
What did George Washington refer to?
What did Brooks say represented less than 10 percent of Napster's ``several million'' users?
Who did Jones of KNAC. com say music fans did not feel were costing the bands money by sharing music online?
What do Napster officials say with?
What does the Digital Millennium Copyright Act of 1998 stipulate that an online service is liable for copyright infringement if it is warned?
Who said that if the tactic succeeded, he would encourage similar moves by other musicians?
What say their users must comply with copyright law?
What did he add that ``it is a lousy position to be in'' for Metallica to be at?
Who deprived the band of the fruits of an album's investment?
What did George Washington say ?
What was Cnet. com?
What did Elizabeth Brooks say was obliged to take the step under the Digital Millennium Copyright Act of 1998?
What did Burnstein say had a right to distribute music free then, but also had the right to ask for payment from fans for its current CDs?
When is Metallica one of the most popular heavy metal bands?
Where did a lawyer for the band say?''
When were a lawyer for the band's plans reported by Cnet. com?
When was the explosively popular but embattled Napster created?
What did Jones of KNAC. com say music fans did not feel were costing the bands money by sharing music online?
Who did King say he planned to hand over the list of names to in a collection of documents filling 30 cardboard boxes?
Where is Napster based?
Who said, ``They 're just being the man''?
Who said the users were making Metallica recordings available for others to copy?
Who did Rob Jones say had lost touch with this's fans?
What are flaring?
What did King say he planned to hand over the list of names to Napster in?
Who say their users must comply with copyright law?
What did a lawyer for the band say in?''
Who had violated copyright law?
Who was created last year?
Who referred to the the $1 bill?
What has the surge in sharing and trading music over the Internet brought online music sites into?
Who declined to say how much music is available for trading through the service?
What has the surge in sharing and trading music over the Internet brought into conflict with record labels?
Who was its lawyer?
What did Burnstein say?
Who did he potentially deprive?
Who did he say had lost touch with its fans?
Who offer that music to the other Napster users's computers over the Internet?
Who did King say planned to hand over the list of names to Napster in a collection of documents filling 30 cardboard boxes?
What was KNAC. com?
What did Brooks say the 335,000 fans represented less than 10 percent of?
What did Cliff Burnstein say the band decided it needed to join?
What do the other Napster users visit one another in?
What is Napster based in?
What do Napster officials say their users must comply with?
Who was vice president for marketing at Napster?
Who were identified by their online handles?
What was Rob Jones?
What did he say?
What is not kept on the company's computers?
What is Elektra Records?
Who said?
What did George Washington say ``'re the No. 1 fan of George Washington''?
What do Napster officials assert are not involved in music piracy because the music is not kept on the company's computers?
Who visit one another in effect?
Who said the company would expel users found to be ``legitimate infringers'' of copyright?
Who is one of the most popular heavy metal bands of the last two decades?
What was Calif.?
Who did he say ``They 're the No. 1 fan of''?
Who said music fans did not feel they were costing the bands money by sharing music online?
What will the heavy-metal band Metallica seek to prevent from using Napster for sharing music collections over the Internet?
What did the industry win at least an initial victory last week when a federal judge ruled that another online music database, MP3 on?
Who were his plans reported Tuesday by?
What did King say he planned to hand over to Napster in a collection of documents filling 30 cardboard boxes?
Who was Cliff Burnstein?
What is the move?
Who said he planned to hand over the list of names to Napster in a collection of documents filling 30 cardboard boxes?
What did Elizabeth Brooks say would expel users found to be ``legitimate infringers'' of copyright?
Who is a division of Time Warner?
Who did Elizabeth Brooks say the company would expel?
What do Napster officials assert they are not involved in piracy because the music is not kept on the company's computers?
What did Jones of KNAC. com say music fans did not feel?
Who was founder of KNAC. com?
What did he refer to?
Who was Elizabeth Brooks?
Who were identified by online music sites handles?
What did a lawyer for the band add that ``the heavy-metal band is a lousy position to be in'' for Metallica to be at?
What say copyrighted songs are being pirated?
What did she say was obliged to take the step under the Digital Millennium Copyright Act of 1998?
What did he say Metallica had lost?
What was not clear?
What offer that music to the other Napster users's computers over the Internet?
Who do they say must comply with copyright law?
What do record labels say?
What did Metallica deprive the band of?
What had the battle been waged primarily by until last week?
What was Rob Jones founder of?
What is the music not kept on?
What do they listen to?
What did he potentially deprive Napster of?
What listen to or download music?
Who was Cliff Burnstein one of?
What does the Digital Millennium Copyright Act of 1998 stipulate for?
What did Rob Jones say Metallica had lost?
What won at least an initial victory last week when a federal judge ruled that another online music database, MP3 on another front in the digital music struggle?
What was the Recording Industry Association of America?
Who said, ``There are going to be Metallica CD burnings if they try this''?
What is Metallica?
Who said Metallica had lost touch with its fans?
Whose computers over the Internet do they offer?
What did napster lawyers vow to fight?
How many colleges were the University of Southern California, Yale University and Indiana University?
What did Napster spokesman Dan Wool say would accept Ulrich's list and review it to determine if any users needed to be booted off the service?
What is filed by the band and its own production companies E\/M Ventures and Creeping Death Music?
Who said the band does not intend to sue each of the Napster users on the hit list?
What includes the screen names used by the Napster members and enough information to identify the users ' computers?
Who said the company would accept Ulrich's list and review it to determine if any users needed to be booted off the service?
What did King say on?
Who is the suit filed by?
What were three colleges the University of?
What did the Metallica suit originally name?
When was to Sunday?
What does Napster say Metallica wants Napster to block further access to all of the users on the 60,000-page list?
What did King say the band contends?
What did King say ``Part of what this litigation is about is''?
What did King say the band does not intend to sue on the hit list?
What have napster lawyers denied?
What is the 60,000-page list?
What did King say the band contends is illegal?
What does the suit claim Napster violated by allowing its users to share and swap Metallica songs on the Internet without charge?
Who does Napster say last month might honor wants Napster to block further access to all of the users on the 60,000-page list?
What did Metallica send to media organizations saying that all coverage is welcome?
How many colleges did the Metallica suit originally name?
What did King say the band does not intend to sue each of the Napster users on?
Who said Tuesday, ``We 're trying to put Napster out of business, or at least out of the copyright infringement business''?
What did Metallica send invitations to saying that questions will be taken?
What claims Napster violated federal copyright and racketeering laws by allowing its users to share and swap Metallica songs on the Internet without charge?
Who says it might honor Metallica wants Napster to block further access to all of the users on the 60,000-page list?
When does it's not clear?
Who does Napster say it might honor Metallica wants to block further access to all of the users on the 60,000-page list?
What is Napster also fighting?
What did Napster create?
Who hired British online consulting firm NetPD to monitor Napster from Friday April 30?
What does Ulrich plan to show up at noon today at Napster headquarters on Fourth Avenue with the 60,000-page list contained in 30 cardboard boxes in?
What does Napster say last month might honor Metallica wants Napster to block further access to all of the users on?
Who sent invitations to media organizations saying that all coverage is welcome?
Who created software that allows people to share and swap MP3-formatted songs over the Internet without paying for the music?
What did King say Napster officials said?
What were three colleges?
Who said Napster officials said they would block any users who violated copyright laws if Metallica could identify them?
Who does Napster say last month might honor Metallica wants Napster to block on the 60,000-page list?
When does a list of 335,435 Napster users who the heavy metal band claims's not clear?
What did Napster spokesman Dan Wool say?
What did Metallica send invitations to media organizations saying?
What originally named three colleges?
When was April 28?
When filed Metallica a civil suit to stop the San Mateo startup?
What were the University of Southern California, Yale University and Indiana University?
What does the suit seek?
What's not clear how many Metallica songs were actually downloaded during that period?
What was each institution dropped from after blocking Napster permanently?
What here is not to intimidate the fans?
What did King say ``is a public education process''?
Who said, ``It's not the band's intention to kick the rear ends of people who have a few files here and there''?
What was dropped from the suit after blocking Napster permanently?
Who said the band contends any song offered by Napster users is illegal?
Who did King say said they would block any users who violated copyright laws if Metallica could identify them?
When does Napster say might honor Metallica wants Napster to block further access to all of the users on the 60,000-page list?
What does Ulrich plan to show up at noon today at Napster headquarters on Fourth Avenue with in an event staged for the media?
What did Metallica send invitations to saying that all coverage is welcome?
Who said ``Part of what this litigation is about is a public education process''?
What is to stop Napster?
What seeks at least $10 million in damages?
What did Metallica send to media organizations saying that questions will be taken?
How many distinct Napster users who offered an average of five Metallica songs for other Napster members did the firm find?
What found 335,435 distinct Napster users who offered an average of five Metallica songs for other Napster members?
Who does Napster say last month might honor Metallica wants to block further access to all of the users on the 60,000-page list?
Who does Napster say it might honor Metallica wants Napster to block on the 60,000-page list?
What did King say Napster officials said would block any users who violated copyright laws if Metallica could identify them?
Who says last month might honor Metallica wants Napster to block further access to all of the users on the 60,000-page list?
Who have denied the claims?
Who did King say the band does not intend to sue each of on the hit list?
When does Ulrich plan to show up with the 60,000-page list contained in 30 cardboard boxes in an event staged for the media?
What did King say ?
What did King say?
Who is also fighting copyright infringement suits filed by rap artists Dr. Dre and the Recording Industry Association of America trade group?
Who vowed to fight the suit?
Who did the firm find?
What does Napster say might honor Metallica wants Napster to block further access to all of the users on the 60,000-page list?
Who did King say Napster officials said they would block if Metallica could identify them?
What does the suit claim on?
What did King say contends any song offered by Napster users is illegal?
Who &LR;?
Who does Napster say it might honor wants Napster to block further access to all of the users on the 60,000-page list?
What does Napster say it might honor Metallica wants Napster to block further access to all of the users on?
Who sent invitations to media organizations saying that questions will be taken?
Who does the suit claim violated federal copyright and racketeering laws by allowing its users to share and swap Metallica songs on the Internet without charge?
What did King say does not intend to sue each of the Napster users on the hit list?
What did last month file Metallica a civil suit to stop?
Whose list did Napster spokesman Dan Wool say?
What is a request?
What does the list include?
Who did King say Napster officials said would block any users who violated copyright laws if Metallica could identify them?
Who was Laurence Pulgram?
When did Napster say that it would review the papers and take steps to disable those users Metallica identified if the claims had been properly submitted?
What did Howard King say into repeating statements made by band members Tuesday during an interview broadcast over the Internet?
Who was through a lawyer?
Who place for computer users willing to share their music files over the Net?
What did the statement go on to say off?
Who said Tuesday that it would review the papers and take steps to disable those users Metallica identified if the claims had been properly submitted?
Who was Napster through?
Who was Howard King?
What did the company say it could not do without specific information about which Napster Web site users were involved?
What did Napster say Tuesday?
Who was the statement issued by?
What did Howard King say the band did not intend to bring any of the computer users into its previously filed lawsuit against Napster for copyright infringement?
What did the company say without?
Who did Howard King say to?
What did the company say it could not do anything to stop the free trade in Metallica songs without about which Napster Web site users were involved?
What went on to say that the result might be to force it to knock the users off its site?
Who is based in San Mateo functions as a meeting?
Who did Representatives of the heavy-metal band Metallica went Wednesday to the headquarters of Napster Inc. with 13 boxes of papers say to list?
What did the company say could not do anything to stop the free trade in Metallica songs without specific information about which Napster Web site users were involved?
Who said to list more than 300,000 computer users who had recently downloaded Metallica music from other users listed on Napster's Internet site?
What was issued by Laurence Pulgram?
What said it could not do anything to stop the free trade in Metallica songs without specific information about which Napster Web site users were involved?
Who did he say to?
Who was a San Francisco lawyer?
Who was the band's lawyer?
What is Napster based in?
Who do Napster place for willing to share their music files over the Net?
Whose last name used for fear of being hounded by Metallica's lawyers did the 36-year-old San Francisco resident not want?
Whose only product does Napster say under?
What did the leader of the well-known heavy metal band show up at the Fourth Street headquarters of Napster Inc. to deliver?
Who believe that upstarts like Napster are robbing $10 million in damages?
What did Ulrich say he is not opposed to?
What does Napster portray as being in the middle?
Who said Napster has not stopped Metallica drummer Lars Ulrich from buying CDs?
What was Napster?
What smashed Metallica drummer Lars Ulrich's collection of Metallica CDs?
Who was an attorney with Donahue, Gallagher, Woods & Wood in Oakland?
Whose music do the appropriate actions want to steal?
What do Metallica believe that upstarts like Napster are robbing?
What monitored Napster use from April 28 to April 30?
What was Oakland?
Who did the leader of the well-known heavy metal band show up at the Fourth Street headquarters of Napster Inc. to deliver the names of?
Who criticized the actions of Napster users as immoral?
Who said, ``We want online music to be on our conditions?''
What gave Napster when they registered their user names to download the program?
What did he also say?
What _ The battle over music in cyberspace spilled onto the streets of San Mateo Wednesday as Metallica drummer Lars Ulrich jawed with fans of Napster?
Who was the popular and controversial music-sharing software?
What did the song ``Nothing Else Matters'' top the Metallica hit list with?
What do they want to steal?
What may be to prevent its fans from using Napster at all for any music?
Who did that not sit well with?
Who did a longtime Metallica fan named Tony smash Metallica drummer Lars Ulrich's collection of?
What did Napster issue after the event?
What does Napster's only product have?
What do 335,435 Napster users who made 1. 45 million Metallica songs available for free downloads last weekend lose?
What did the song ``Nothing Else Matters'' top with 116,574 copies posted by 73,772 users?
What does expert Eric Doney believe in?
Who said, ``this is very selfish''?
What did Napster say the company will review?
What did Pulgram also note that Napster has?
Who did Randy Grant say does not understand why Metallica seems bent on angering his fellow ``Napsterians?''
Who was a 54-year-old Napster user who drove from Metallica drummer Lars Ulrich's Sausalito home to give Ulrich a piece of his mind?
Who did Ulrich say ``to''?
What topped the Metallica hit list with 116,574 copies posted by 73,772 users?
Who said, ``This is ridiculous''?
What did Metallica or anyone else who is being infringed want to start picking people off to make an example of?
Who did the Napster members give when they registered their user names to download the program?
Who said ``If they want to steal Metallica's music, then just go down to Tower Records and grab them off the shelves''?
What did Doney say, ``I do not think''?
What did Ulrich criticize as immoral?
What is Metallica seeking?
What did Ulrich stress?
What did expert Eric Doney also say?
When did a British online consulting company hired by Metallica monitor Napster use from April 28?
Who says Napster's only product is legally protected under a provision of the federal Digital Millennium Copyright Act because it has no control over its users ' actions?
What did SAN FRANCISCO _ The battle over music in Wednesday as Metallica drummer Lars Ulrich jawed with fans of Napster?
What do we lose a bunch of?
Who said it would be up to Napster to stop offenders from reregistering?
What do 335,435 Napster users who made 1. 45 million Metallica songs available for free downloads last weekend lose a bunch of?
Who said, ``I do not think they have a prayer''?
What does Napster say is legally protected under a provision of the federal Digital Millennium Copyright Act because it has no control over its users ' actions?
Who was a 54-year-old Napster user who drove from his Sausalito home to give Ulrich a piece of his mind?
What did expert Eric Doney also say means individual Napster users could have something to worry about?
Who said he does not understand why Metallica seems bent on angering his fellow ``Napsterians?''
What was San Mateo?
Who issued a statement after the event?
What have Metallica and rap artist Dr. Dre filed separate civil suits claiming the software violates?
What want to steal Metallica's music?
Who did a longtime Metallica fan named Tony smash his collection of?
What did not sit well with Roman Dzindzichashvili?
Who do fans say are trying to rob them of their ability to enjoy a new way of listening to music?
Whose collection of Metallica CDs did a longtime Metallica fan named Tony smash?
Who is suing Napster for copyright infringement?
Who wanted to start picking people off to make an example of them?
What has no control over its users ' actions?
How many boxes of paper printouts delivered on handcarts by Ulrich and attorney Howard E. King did Napster say the company will review?
What did a longtime Metallica fan named Tony toss the plastic slivers on?
Who says it is legally protected under a provision of the federal Digital Millennium Copyright Act because it has no control over its users ' actions?
What do fans say the greedy artists and record companies are trying to rob of their ability to enjoy a new way of listening to music?
What did a longtime Metallica fan named Tony toss on the ground in protest?
Who has Metallica's suit ired?
What did Napster issue a statement after?
Who was Randy Grant?
Who is Metallica suing for copyright infringement?
Who said the company will review the 13 boxes of paper printouts delivered on handcarts by Ulrich and attorney Howard E. King?
What did he also say the fact that Metallica was able to compile a list of alleged offenders means?
What have Metallica and rap artist Dr. Dre filed separate civil suits claiming?
What did Metallica or anyone else who is being infringed want to start picking people off to make?
What has Ulrich never visited?
What did Metallica lawyers say?
Who did not want his last name used for fear of being hounded by Metallica's lawyers?
Who do Metallica believe that upstarts like Napster are robbing?
Who did they give when they registered their user names to download the program?
Whose music do they want to steal?
Who jawed with fans of Napster?
Who say the greedy artists and record companies are trying to rob them of their ability to enjoy a new way of listening to music?
What did a longtime Metallica fan named Tony smash?
Who have filed separate civil suits claiming the software violates copyright laws?
Who said, ``This is not between Metallica and its fans''?
Who did Ulrich criticize the actions of as immoral?
What did expert Eric Doney also say the fact that Metallica was able to compile a list of alleged offenders means?
Who believes Napster will ultimately lose in court because the Digital Millennium Copyright Act was not designed to allow the type of music sharing promoted by Napster?
Who did Ulrich say is not opposed to online music?
What have Metallica and rap artist Dr. Dre filed claiming the software violates copyright laws?
What did Dzindzichashvili say?
Who left?
How many Napster users who made 1. 45 million Metallica songs available for free downloads last weekend lose a bunch of fans over this?
What did he also say the fact that Metallica was able to compile a list of alleged offenders means individual Napster users could have?
What was not designed to allow the type of music sharing promoted by Napster?
What did Pulgram also note?
What did the 36-year-old San Francisco resident not want?
Who also noted that Napster has no way to block specific artists or titles from being traded?
What is Napster's only product?
What do we lose?
What did he also say means individual Napster users could have something to worry about?
What does Napster say it is legally protected under because it has no control over its users ' actions?
Who was Roman Dzindzichashvili?
What do fans say of?
Who was Doney?
What is a free computer program that allows fans to freely swap via the Internet copies of songs converted into the MP3 compression format?
Who said Napster has not stopped him from buying CDs?
Who was a Napster user from UCLA?
Who portrays one side of the controversy as being in the middle?
Who said, ``this is very obnoxious''?
What does Napster say Napster's only product is legally protected under because it has no control over its users ' actions?
Who gave Napster when they registered their user names to download the program?
Who said, ``Tower Records want online music to be on our conditions?''
Who has never visited Napster's Web site?
What does Napster say under?
Who want to steal Metallica's music?
Who did he also say the fact that Metallica was able to compile a list of alleged offenders means could have something to worry about?
What did Ulrich say to?
Whose music did Ulrich say ``to''?
Who did napster users note by?
What did Metallica drummer Lars Ulrich jaw with?
What did napster users note that even if they were denied access by Napster, they could easily reregister under?
Whose only product is a free computer program that allows fans to freely swap via the Internet copies of songs converted into the MP3 compression format?
Who stressed that the band had no intention of hunting down and prosecuting any individual Napster users?
Who did expert Eric Doney also say the fact that Metallica was able to compile a list of alleged offenders means could have something to worry about?
What have Metallica and rap artist Dr. Dre filed separate civil suits claiming violates copyright laws?
What did expert Eric Doney also say the fact that Metallica was able to compile a list of alleged offenders means individual Napster users could have?
What were the Napster members identified by?
Who did Dzindzichashvili say has not stopped Metallica drummer Lars Ulrich from buying CDs?
What smashed his collection of Metallica CDs?
What is Metallica suing Napster for?
What tossed the plastic slivers on the ground in protest?
What was Calif.?
Who lose a bunch of fans over this?
What did SAN FRANCISCO _ The battle over in cyberspace spilled onto the streets of San Mateo Wednesday as Metallica drummer Lars Ulrich jawed with fans of Napster?
Who did Dzindzichashvili say has not stopped him from buying CDs?
Who did not want Metallica drummer Lars Ulrich's last name used for fear of being hounded by Metallica's lawyers?
Who believe that upstarts like Napster are robbing them?
Who do fans say the greedy artists and record companies are trying to rob of their ability to enjoy a new way of listening to music?
What does it have?
What do Metallica believe?
Who said he is not opposed to online music?
When did a British online consulting company hired by Metallica monitor Napster use to April 30?
What did Napster say?
Who were identified by their user names?
What did Metallica or anyone else who is being infringed want to start picking off to make an example of them?
What did Napster say will review the 13 boxes of paper printouts delivered on handcarts by Ulrich and attorney Howard E. King?
What did a British online consulting company hired by Metallica monitor from April 28 to April 30?
Who said ``If the appropriate actions want to steal Metallica's music, then just go down to Tower Records and grab them off the shelves''?
Who noted that even if they were denied access by Napster, they could easily reregister under a new user name?
Who said the song ``Nothing Else Matters'' would be up to Napster to stop offenders from reregistering?
What are submitted properly?
What did Randy Grant say?''
What did Metallica lawyers say would be up to Napster to stop offenders from reregistering?
Who also said the fact that Metallica was able to compile a list of alleged offenders means individual Napster users could have something to worry about?
What has ired other fans around the country?
Whose suit has ired other fans around the country?
Who did Metallica or anyone else who is being infringed want to start picking people off to make an example of?
What do the appropriate actions want to steal?
Whose only product does Napster say is legally protected under a provision of the federal Digital Millennium Copyright Act because it has no control over its users ' actions?
Who did Dzindzichashvili say Napster has not stopped from buying CDs?
What does Napster portray one side of as being in the middle?
What do fans say the greedy artists and record companies are trying to rob them of?
Whose only product has no control over its users ' actions?
Whose Web site has Ulrich never visited?
What did Ulrich stress that the band had?
Who portrays itself as being in the middle?
What did Napster say the company will review the 13 boxes of?
Who is seeking $10 million in damages?
Who was Shawn Fanning?
Who adds Metallica 're messing with the record companies now?
What does the angry parody site ask fans to send to the band to pay for songs?
What can something that opens things up and makes people more musically educated be?
Who say that the major record labels have been slow in climbing aboard the digital revolution and my?
Who do so Metallica stand behind?
Who are speaking out?
Who cites ``millions?''
Who blasted him by saying, ``Durst is the brain trust of all that is wrong with music''?
What does the Offspring and Chuck D of Public Enemy say that Napster helps expose?
What did Fred Durst join the RIAA in another subplot features Limp Bizkit's singer-rapper?
What did its fans go on Napster's Web site this week to write?
What is based at San Mateo?
What does the firm refer to as the ``embattled MP3 file-swapping software company?''
What did Fred Durst join in a separate lawsuit against Napster another subplot features Limp Bizkit's singer-rapper?
Who said, ``there cannot comment on anything touching on the lawsuits?''
What's a waste of time to go after because you 're not going to be able to stop free trade on the Internet?
What do many observers say aboard?
Who have chosen sides in the Napster dispute?
What has Metallica asked that Napster drop those names from?
What is concerned with signed artists who record for labels that do not want to give away their music for free?
What does Napster cite ``?''
What has Metallica been pitted against for one?
Who do so I support?
Who are royalties paid on?
What's not public domain to give it away freely?
Whose hands should everybody stop wringing about a wait-and-see policy?
What is here to stay?
What have most artists chosen in the Napster dispute?
What was www. paylars. com?
What did he forget to mention that in?
When does everybody's going to be?
Who are being played out in light of increased sales of compact discs?
What did he forget to mention in his press release?
What do I believe it's hurting?
Who so stands behind Dr. Dre and Metallica?
Who is Fred Durst?
What has nothing to do with opposing rock personalities?
What was com found guilty of copyright infringement for?
What has Metallica asked that Napster drop from one's files?
What does founder David Pakman's company enable users to have?
What is the target?
What does not give you the right to steal?
What is myplay. com?
What does it's not's right?
What need fair and just compensation for their work?
What is now asking for damages that could run in the billions of dollars?
What says that anyone who thinks otherwise is old school?
What's database of 80,000 CDs?
Who is a senior vice president of Interscope Records?
What did the Recording Industry Association of America win?
What is Napster?
What did one fan post an angry parody site downloaded on Napster?
What has to do with whether 200 years of copyright law will be thrown out the window by the digital revolution?
What do Metallica love?
What are paid on them?
What are drawn?
What does it's not?
Who were not available to discuss a martyrdom complex for this article?
Who did one fan post an angry parody site on?
What do I 'm the first one downloading to software that I do not need work?
What was Fred Durst?
What says that Napster helps expose new music?
What can be a good thing?
Who 'm the first one downloading the newest update to software that I do not need work?
What does he's in?
Who has been pitted against some of its fans for one?
What's not your right to give it away or exchange it with your friends?
Who does his company enable to have a digital locker of songs?
What's not trying to be the outdated musician who is trying to stop technology?
Whose work does the represent?
Who cannot copy them?
Who does com branch allow users to create a digital locker from?
What do founder David Pakman believe's hurting record sales?
Who joined the RIAA in a separate lawsuit against Napster another subplot features Limp Bizkit's singer-rapper?
Who does the RIAA's not just?
What exists where you can duplicate something?
What did one's fans go on this week to write that Metallica was a bunch of ``sellouts''?
What did its fans go on this week to write that Metallica was a bunch of ``sellouts''?
What won a lawsuit against MP3?
Who does the angry parody site ask to send money to the band to pay for songs?
What does corner stand in one?
What do I want music to get to than just through MTV, Top 40 radio, and Rolling Stone?
What did Metallica add: ``The song ` Master of Puppets ' is fitting, only this time, Metallica is on?''
Who do so Metallica support?
What do they need?
What represents the artist's work?
Who adds they do not want to lose that money?
What is by unknown bands or superstars?
What should everybody stop wringing their hands about?
What do I record?
What allows users to create a digital locker from MP3?
Who said, ``Fred Durst, who also is a senior vice president of Interscope Records, whose parent label's mine''?
What does founder David Pakman say meanwhile, a new company has been working with labels on?
What does a wait-and-see policy's a waste of?
What did Trent Reznor of Nine Inch Nails forget to mention in his press release?
What is this?
Who said, ``Metallica create my music''?
Who 'mes the first one downloading the newest update to software that makes my machine not work?
What went on Napster's Web site this week to write that Metallica was a bunch of ``sellouts''?
What is Limp Bizkit in?
Who worked with Apple computer?
What asks fans to send money to the band to pay for songs?
What did one's fans go on Napster's Web site this week to write that Metallica was a bunch of?
What do founder David Pakman want music to get to than just through MTV, Top 40 radio, and Rolling Stone?
Who did Reznor blast by saying, ``Durst is the brain trust of all that is wrong with music''?
What enables users to have a digital locker of songs?
What did he add: ``The song ` Master of Puppets ' is fitting, only this time, Metallica is on?''
When does it's going to be?
What _ a music database service?
What do I believe's also doing what it's supposed to do _ building new fans?
Who 'mes deeply concerned, as are all artists about these issues?
Who loves technology?
What do I 'm the first one downloading the newest update to?
What do founder David Pakman believe's also doing what it's supposed to do _ building new fans?
What should stop wringing the artists's hands about a wait-and-see policy?
What did Sony and Universal Music announce?
What does his company enable users to have?
Who can listen to them for two weeks?
What do Metallica 'm the first one downloading the newest update to?
What do Metallica 'm the first one downloading to software that makes my machine not work?
What does J. C. Chasez of the band ` N Sync add the record companies do not want to lose?
Who did one fan post an angry parody site downloaded on Napster?
Who was a 19-year-old then-Northeastern University student who dropped out after his freshman year to move to San Mateo?
What should stop wringing their hands about it?
What have remained quiet?
What has Metallica been pitted against some of one's fans for?
Whose singer-rapper did Fred Durst join the RIAA in a separate lawsuit against Napster another subplot features?
Who forgot to mention that in his press release?
Who supports because they gave him $2 million to tour?
What does not give Metallica the right to steal?
What does the firm refer to itself as?''
What is the company based at?
What does something's not?
Who's in the studio?
Who had not removed the names?
What do so I support?
Where did he add: ``The song ` Master of Puppets ' is fitting, only this time, Metallica is?''
Who does that's not trying to be?
What did Metallica add: ``is fitting, only this time, Metallica is on the wrong end of the strings?''
What did its fans go on Napster's Web site this week to write that Metallica was a bunch of?
What 'll the artists eventually have to figure out?
What are Napster?
Who believes it's also doing what it's supposed to do _ building new fans?
What is the digital revolution?
What was Calif.?
What do singers and songwriters and recording artists in this business need?
What do Metallica record?
What does com branch allow users to create from MP3?
Who does corner stand _ the heavy metal and rap titans, respectively in one?
What does the Offspring and Chuck D of Public Enemy say that anyone who thinks otherwise is?
What does it's?
Who said, ``they cannot comment on anything touching on the lawsuits?''
When was Napster founded by Shawn Fanning?
Who is growing dramatically _ spokeswoman Deborah Orr will not put a figure on the number of users?
What did he add: ``is fitting, only this time, Metallica is on the wrong end of the strings?''
What does corner stand Metallica and Dr. Dre _ the heavy metal and rap titans, respectively in?
What is trying to keep an unsigned band from getting its music heard?
What is the timing perfect for?
What was voiced by Billy Corgan of the Smashing Pumpkins?
What does it's a waste of?
What is Napster growing dramatically _ spokeswoman Deborah Orr will not put on the number of users?
What do I believe?
Who adds you 're messing with the record companies now?
Who are defending their position?
What are with a 5 to 25 percent increase every day?
What does J. C. Chasez of the band ` N Sync add you 're messing with now?
What are royalties paid on?
What does J. C. Chasez of the band ` N Sync add they do not want to lose?
What do Metallica 'm downloading the newest update to software that I do not need work?
Who can listen to computer users for two weeks?
What does founder David Pakman say meanwhile, has been working with labels on a ``totally legal basis''?
What have most artists chosen sides in?
Who believes it's hurting record sales?
What posted an angry parody site they downloaded on Napster?
Who 'mes the first one downloading the newest update to software that I do not need work?
What have com been scarred by?
What's not everybody's right?
What do founder David Pakman believe everybody's also doing?
Who want music to get to more ears than just through MTV, Top 40 radio, and Rolling Stone?
Who added: ``The song ` Master of Puppets ' is fitting, only this time, Metallica is on the wrong end of the strings?''
What did the heavy metal and rap titans, respectively file separate suits against Napster for?
Who supports because Limp Bizkit gave him $2 million to tour?
Who 'm deeply concerned, as are all artists about these issues?
What is Napster growing dramatically _ spokeswoman Deborah Orr will not put a figure on?
Whose Web site did one's fans go on this week to write that Metallica was a bunch of ``sellouts''?
Who was a wait-and-see policy voiced by?
What did its fans go on Napster's Web site this week to write that Metallica was?
Who wants music to get to more ears than just through MTV, Top 40 radio, and Rolling Stone?
What does it represent?
What does J. C. Chasez of the band ` N Sync add do not want to lose that money?
Who is in the other corner?
What does the's not?
Who said, ``everybody's going to take two or three years to sort itself out''?
What's going to be the future?
What do I want to get to more ears than just through MTV, Top 40 radio, and Rolling Stone?
Who said, ``it's mine''?
What do founder David Pakman want to get to more ears than just through MTV, Top 40 radio, and Rolling Stone?
Whose company enables users to have a digital locker of songs?
What 'll we eventually have to figure out?
What do they 're struggling?
Who so stand behind Dr. Dre and Metallica?
What's not right to copy software or photocopy books to give away?
When will Myplay launch a partnership with aol. com?
Who has not commented on what it thinks of Durst's actions?
What did one's fans go on Napster's Web site this week to write?
Who believe everybody's hurting record sales?
What should everybody stop wringing about a wait-and-see policy?
What is the music by?
What exists where Metallica can duplicate something?
Who so supports them?
Who gave him $2 million to tour?
What does the Offspring and Chuck D of Public Enemy say?
Who have been asked to rule on copyright questions regarding online piracy?
What has Metallica asked from?
What is concerned with signed artists who record for labels that do not want to give away Limp Bizkit's music for free?
When can other listeners listen to computer users?
Who believe everybody's also doing what it's supposed to do _ building new fans?
Whose work does it represent?
When can other listeners listen to them?
Who has been pitted against some of one's fans for one?
Who does J. C. Chasez of the band ` N Sync add do not want to lose that money?
What did founder David Pakman work with?
Who has asked that Napster drop those names from one's files?
What does a wait-and-see policy's?
Who records something?
Who filed separate suits against Napster for copyright infringement?
Who is also a rock drummer?
Who was founded last year by Shawn Fanning?
Who is the software company that allows computer users to swap music files with other users for free?
Who is Napster growing dramatically _ spokeswoman will not put a figure on the number of users?
What do Metallica 'm the first one downloading to software that I do not need work?
Who can other listeners listen to for two weeks?
Who said, ``I create my music''?
Where is Limp Bizkit?
What's fine?
What are paid on computer users?
What is Napster growing dramatically _ spokeswoman on?
What are some artists still sitting on?
What will Myplay launch in two weeks?
What did one's fans go on Napster's Web site this week to write that Metallica was?
What can other listeners not copy?
What comes just a week after the Recording Industry Association of America won a lawsuit against MP3?
Who does founder David Pakman's company enable to have a digital locker of songs?
What was San Mateo?
What are other artists from Don Henley to Trent Reznor of Nine Inch Nails defending?
Who cannot copy computer users?
What do com _?
What do singers and songwriters and recording artists in this business 're struggling?
What did the heavy metal and rap titans, respectively file for copyright infringement?
What does Limp Bizkit's in?
Who love technology?
What do I believe it's also doing?
What is the RIAA now asking for?
Who 'll eventually have to figure out a system that gives the artist some copyright payment?
What is the digital revolution the fill-the-breach mentality of?
What stands Metallica and Dr. Dre _ the heavy metal and rap titans, respectively in one?
Where did Metallica add: ``The song ` Master of Puppets ' is fitting, only this time, Metallica is?''
What does com branch's database of?
What can other listeners listen to for two weeks?
What should everybody stop wringing the artists's hands about?
What 're struggling hand to mouth?
What are the subplots to the digital battle being played out in?
Who did Fred Durst join the RIAA in a separate lawsuit against Napster another subplot features?
Who 'res not going to be able to stop free trade on the Internet?
Who was found guilty of copyright infringement for its my?
Who does it's not just?
Who has either way ignited a firestorm of debate among?
What does the angry parody site ask fans to send money to the band to pay for?
Who have been scarred by lawsuits?
What are the Offspring and Chuck D of Public Enemy among?
What should everybody stop wringing about it?
Who 'm the first one downloading the newest update to software that makes my machine not work?
Who does corner stand Metallica and Dr. Dre _ in one?
What has either way ignited among musicians, record labels, and increasingly, the courts, which have been asked to rule on copyright questions regarding online piracy?
Who is Jayson Maloni?
Who was a 19-year-old then-Northeastern University student who dropped out after the target's freshman year to move to San Mateo?
What is the way songwriters and singers make their living?
Who is the rap-rock act that has become Napster's lobbying arm and is taking $1. 7 million in Napster sponsorship to tour this summer?
What are the issues?
Who need fair and just compensation for their work?
Who will launch a partnership with aol. com in two weeks?
What has Metallica been pitted against some of its fans for?
What does J. C. Chasez of the band ` N Sync add 're messing with the record companies now?
What does the represent?
What is the fill-the-breach mentality of services like Napster?
What do I love?
What does J. C. Chasez of the band ` N Sync add Metallica 're messing with now?
When did one's fans go on Napster's Web site to write that Metallica was a bunch of ``sellouts''?
Who is equally outspoken?
What record something?
Who are still sitting on the fence?
What the more likely is to bash Napster?
Who is the RIAA concerned with?
What are millions with?
Who says meanwhile, a new company has been working with labels on a ``totally legal basis''?
What do founder David Pakman believe everybody's hurting?
What does founder David Pakman's company enable users to have a digital locker of?
What is the new company?
What had Napster not removed?
Who are many?
What gave him $2 million to tour?
What does the angry parody site ask fans to send money to to pay for songs?
When did its fans go on Napster's Web site to write that Metallica was a bunch of ``sellouts''?
Who is a spokesman for the RIAA?
What so support Metallica and Dr. Dre?
What are letting the RIAA fight its battles?
Whose Web site did its fans go on this week to write that Metallica was a bunch of ``sellouts''?
What do I 'm the first one downloading to software that makes my machine not work?
Who was Napster founded last year by?
Who has not commented on what the RIAA thinks of Durst's actions?
Who has asked that Napster drop those names from its files?
Who can other listeners not copy?
Who says, ``The recording industry is not anti-Napster''?
What is Limp Bizkit?
What do I 'm downloading the newest update to software that makes my machine not work?
Who is Fred Durst a senior vice president of?
What does the larger issue have?
What does founder David Pakman say meanwhile, a new company has been working with on a ``totally legal basis''?
What did one fan post they downloaded on Napster?
What do I believe's hurting record sales?
Who announced plans to launch a joint music download subscription service?
Where is the company based?
What are among the acts standing beside Bizkit in support of Napster?
Who 're not going to be able to stop free trade on the Internet?
Who did one fan post an angry parody site they downloaded on?
Who does com branch allow to create a digital locker from MP3?
Who 're struggling hand to mouth?
Who said, ``It's going to take two or three years to sort itself out''?
What do founder David Pakman believe?
What was com found guilty of for its my?
Who is founder David Pakman also?
What's a waste of time to go after because founder David Pakman 're not going to be able to stop free trade on the Internet?
Who were not available to discuss it for this article?
What is perfect for this new startup?
Who did Fred Durst join the RIAA in a separate lawsuit against Napster features Limp Bizkit's singer-rapper?
Who gave Trent Reznor of Nine Inch Nails $2 million to tour?
What's not just the artist?
Who adds the record companies do not want to lose that money?
Who was Universal Music?
What do Metallica 'm downloading the newest update to software that makes my machine not work?
Who does J. C. Chasez of the band ` N Sync add 're messing with the record companies now?
What does his company enable users to have a digital locker of?
Who do so I stand behind?
What do I 'm downloading the newest update to software that I do not need work?
What does com branch's?
What has Metallica asked that Napster drop from its files?
What did Trent Reznor of Nine Inch Nails forget to mention that in?
What refers to itself as the ``embattled MP3 file-swapping software company?''
What was the angry parody site?
What do banned Napster users seeking reinstatement have to sign they believe they were mistakenly blocked?
What makes a popular software program that allows users to freely share and trade downloadable music compressed into the MP3 format?
How many sophomore business majors recently won first place in a nationwide business ethics competition by suggesting a compromise to the recording industry's beefs with Napster?
When did Metallica file a $10 million civil suit against the company for copyright infringement and racketeering?
Who is Napster also fighting similar suits by?
What did the four sophomore business majors recently win in a nationwide business ethics competition by suggesting a compromise to the recording industry's beefs with Napster?
What did the event become outside Napster's downtown San Mateo offices?
Who do banned Napster users seeking reinstatement have to sign an online form requiring their real names, addresses and a sworn statement they believe were mistakenly blocked?
What has done?
What did Metallica's lawyers transmit to Napster without fanfare?
What became a media circus outside Napster's downtown San Mateo offices?
What did Napster begin blocking members on last weekend?
Who said they simply reinstalled older Napster versions that did not have that function?
What did the event become a media circus outside?
What did the band demand Napster terminate for those users?
Who did Tulsa add that he also felt ``betrayed by''?
Who began blocking members on Metallica's list last weekend?
Who said, ``the latest want to have this image of being rock and roll rebels''?
Who said that it was ``outrageous'' Napster was trying to shift blame to Metallica?
What does the startup make?
Who did not know how many users had filed forms but said reinstatement was running into the ``thousands?''
What was Okla.?
Who did Walsh say among?
What did a Napster spokesman not know into?''
What did the band say claims &LR; were offering illegal copies of Metallica songs during the last weekend of April on May 3, Metallica drummer Lars Ulrich hand-delivered?
What did the team seek to devise with the proliferation of Napster-style file-sharing software?
When would reactivation of the account take as long as the band does not sue the individual first?
Who did Metallica's lawyers transmit an electronic version of the list to without fanfare?
What did Metallica's lawyers transmit an electronic version of the list to Napster without?
What was the list culled to when Metallica agreed not to go after Napster fans who had copies of bootleg music that were authorized by the band?
What did Napster suffer with the RIAA when a judge ruled it has not proven the company is protected by one provision of the Digital Millennium Copyright Act?
What asks the banned members to give ``your consent to be sued by Metallica in the federal court where you reside'' in fact?
What said it would reinstate anyone who lodged a formal protest that they were mistakenly named by Metallica in an attempt to shift blame to the heavy-metal band?
What keeps track of anyone who has been banned in the past?
What has made a team of Santa Clara University students $1,000 richer?
What is Napster also fighting by rap artist Dr. Dre and the Recording Industry Association of America?
What added that he also felt ``betrayed by Napster''?
What do banned Napster users seeking reinstatement have to sign an online form requiring their real names, addresses and a sworn statement believe they were mistakenly blocked?
Who did not know how many users had filed forms but said it was running into the ``thousands?''
Who then reinstalled Napster and signed on using another name?
What do banned Napster users seeking reinstatement have to sign an online form requiring their real names, addresses and a sworn statement they believe?
What did Walsh say the students picked the Napster issue because it is particularly popular among college students, so popular on?
Who do banned Napster users seeking reinstatement have to sign an online form requiring their real names, addresses and a sworn statement believe they were mistakenly blocked?
Who did Metallica attorney Howard K. King say that the heavy-metal band was ``outrageous'' to?
What did Napster users say they simply reinstalled?
Who were Kelly Walsh, Laura Erickson, Joseph Rushmer and Blaze Smallwood?
Who did Metallica attorney Howard K. King say that it was ``outrageous'' to?
What then reinstalled Napster and signed on using another name?
What did the four sophomore business majors recently win first place in with Napster?
What did the solution call for the Recording Industry Association of America to drop its civil suit against Napster in?
What did Metallica file on April 13 for copyright infringement and racketeering?
Who is also fighting similar suits by rap artist Dr. Dre and the Recording Industry Association of America?
What sought to devise an all-encompassing solution with the proliferation of Napster-style file-sharing software?
Who did the Center for Ethics and Business at Loyola Marymount University in Los Angeles award first prize to?
Who said, ``I was in shock last night when I saw I was blocked''?
Who said, ``What this has done is let Napster fly its true colors''?
What did the San Mateo company say in an attempt to shift blame to the heavy-metal band?
What demanded Napster terminate access for those users?
What were internet message boards filled with simply by deleting Napster and any references to Metallica on their hard drives?
Who did the four sophomore business majors recently win first place in a nationwide business ethics competition by suggesting a compromise to the recording industry's beefs with?
Who did Metallica attorney Howard K. King say that the heavy-metal band was ``outrageous'' was trying to shift blame to Metallica?
What did Arnold say?
Who filed a $10 million civil suit against the company on April 13 for copyright infringement and racketeering?
What does the formal online reinstatement request form ask the banned members to give ``your consent to be sued by Metallica in'' in fact?
Who said, ``a team of Santa Clara's a huge issue''?
Who said, ``They want to have this image of being rock and roll rebels''?
What did the San Mateo company say it would reinstate anyone who lodged a formal protest that they were mistakenly named by Metallica in?
What does the newest version of Napster keep?
What is particularly popular among college students, so popular that the program has been banned or restricted on about 100 campuses because of bandwidth or copyright problems?
Where is it particularly popular among college students, so popular?
What is the mass takedown of Napster users?
What Napster will forward?
How many sophomore business majors were Kelly Walsh, Laura Erickson, Joseph Rushmer and Blaze Smallwood?
What is the Napster issue particularly popular among college students, so popular on?
Who did Metallica attorney Howard K. King say that it was ``outrageous'' was trying to shift blame to Metallica?
What were filled with posts from banned users who got back online simply by deleting Napster and any references to Metallica on their hard drives?
Who said, ``the latest do crap like this''?
What is it particularly popular among college students, so popular on?
What does the newest version of Napster keep track of?
What did the San Mateo company say it would reinstate in an attempt to shift blame to the heavy-metal band?
Who will not buy the latest ``Mission Impossible'' soundtrack because it contains a Metallica song?
Who did Napster users say simply reinstalled older Napster versions that did not have that function?
What was culled to 317,377 when Metallica agreed not to go after Napster fans who had copies of bootleg music that were authorized by the band?
Whose lawyers transmitted an electronic version of the list to Napster without fanfare?
Who did the band demand Napster terminate access for?
What was Tulsa?
Where is the Napster issue particularly popular among college students, so popular?
Where did Walsh say the students picked the Napster issue because it is particularly popular among college students, so popular?
Who did Metallica attorney Howard K. King say to?
What did Metallica's lawyers transmit an electronic version of to Napster without fanfare?
Who said, ``they do crap like this''?
Who said, ``It's a huge issue''?
What did Arnold say he has purchased after hearing songs he sampled using Napster?
Who said that the heavy-metal band was ``outrageous'' Napster was trying to shift blame to Metallica?
What did Napster Inc. say Wednesday embattled software startup?
Whose list did Napster begin blocking members on last weekend?
What do banned Napster users seeking reinstatement have to sign an online form requiring their real names, addresses and a sworn statement?
Who have to sign an online form requiring their real names, addresses and a sworn statement they believe they were mistakenly blocked?
What awarded first prize to the Santa Clara students?
Who transmitted an electronic version of the list to Napster without fanfare?
What did Napster users say simply reinstalled older Napster versions that did not have that function?
Who recently won first place in a nationwide business ethics competition by suggesting a compromise to the recording industry's beefs with Napster?
What did Napster attorney Laurence F. Pulgram say in a press release titled ``` Heavy Metal Heavyweights K. O. Fans''?
What did the Center for Ethics and Business at Loyola Marymount University in Los Angeles award to the Santa Clara students?
What is the latest twist in the short but controversial history of the startup?
What did Metallica file a $10 million civil suit against the company on April 13 for?
Who did Tulsa add by?
Who will forward the forms to Metallica?
Who did the band demand terminate access for those users?
Who said the band still had no intention of suing individual fans?
Who did Arnold say has purchased CDs after hearing songs he sampled using Napster?
What did the team seek to devise an all-encompassing solution with?
What did Metallica attorney Howard K. King say?
When did the band say on May 3, Metallica drummer Lars Ulrich hand-delivered 13 cardboard boxes filled with the screen names of more than 335,000 Napster users?
What do banned Napster users seeking reinstatement have to sign an online form requiring their real names, addresses and a sworn statement they believe were mistakenly blocked?
Who would take 10 to 14 business days as long as the band does not sue the individual first?
Who were the four sophomore business majors?
How many business days would reactivation of the account take as long as the band does not sue the individual first?
What did Metallica attorney Howard K. King say the band still had?
Who does the formal online reinstatement request form ask to give ``your consent to be sued by Metallica in the federal court where you reside'' in fact?
Who said he has purchased CDs after hearing songs he sampled using Napster?
What did Napster Inc. say Wednesday that it has blocked embattled software startup?
What did Metallica attorney Howard K. King say still had no intention of suing individual fans?
What are intense legal battles being waged today over in a compressed form?
What are intense legal battles being waged today over the use of MP3 technology in?
What does the Recording Industry Association of America accuse of copyright infringement?
What might have embraced this technology as a new, more convenient way of getting music to its customers?
What violated the recording industry's many copyright protections?
What was some of the music most by?
What do Congress and the courts need to refine copyright protection in?
What had it not yet bought?
What did it want to create?
What came from aspiring artists eager to be heard?
What ought to be available for a small fee?
What is as valid today as when the Constitution was written in 1787?
What are able to amass collections of hundreds of songs on their PCs?
What accuses them of copyright infringement?
What the work of those popular acts ought to be featured on?
What most was by famous acts?
What is pinning its hopes for protecting its wares on encryption?
What would seem to violate the ``fair use'' doctrine?
Who could collect royalties?
What is the recording industry pinning?
What does this principle provide?
What wanted to create a database of 80,000 popular CDs?
What is the great promise of Internet technology at?
Who did heavy metal group metallica forced to ban 317,377 users from the service on the ground they had illegally copied Metallica songs?
What did heavy metal group metallica forced Napster to ban 317,377 users from the service on?
Who eliminate the key legal vulnerability of Napster _ its dependence on central computers to facilitate file-sharing?
What did com plan violate?
Who is the Music Clip a new kind of that forces users to convert MP3 files into a coded format?
What did a better idea want to create a database of?
What denies the buyer an opportunity to move the music into different formats?
What major record companies ought to go beyond to define a marketing program that fully utilizes the MP3 format?
What do Congress and the courts need to adapt it to even as it provides opportunity to limit what people see?
What do Congress and the courts need to adapt to the Internet even as it provides opportunity to limit what people see?
What are owners of CDs not without?
What did a better idea want to allow?
What offers access to an extraordinary amount of information?
What ought to be considered ``fair use,'' and the MP3?
What had not yet bought the CBS recording company?
What should the recording industry not let Draconian interpretations of the copyright laws inhibit the growth of?
What did it want to create a database of?
What remain?
Even if the recording industry wins all its battles in court, what are new programs being developed to allow the sharing of?
Even if the recording industry wins all its battles in court, what are being developed to allow the sharing of MP3 files?
What Metallica forced Napster to ban 317,377 users from the service on the ground they had illegally copied Metallica songs?
Who did heavy metal group metallica forced Napster to ban from the service on the ground they had illegally copied Metallica songs?
What do gnutella and other programs eliminate?
Who does the association have a point about?
How many Napsterites were on line with 621,881 songs?
What provides opportunity to limit what people see?
Who have not given Napster or Napster members permission to run a song-sharing service?
What would have allowed this copying?
What does the Internet offer?
What would encryption seem to violate?
What MP3?
What is the great promise of Internet technology that it will make ``science and the useful arts'' widely available at?
What does the Recording Industry Association of America accuse com and Napster of?
Who have stepped into this vacuum?
What need to adapt it to the Internet even as it provides opportunity to limit what people see?
What allows anyone who signs up to share MP3 files with any other Napster members?
What could they collect?
Who invented the Walkman?
What has a point about Napster?
What wanted to allow access only to people who could prove electronically that they owned, or at least had physical possession of, the actual CD?
What have both companies since taken?
What need to adapt this principle to the Internet even as it provides opportunity to limit what people see?
What did the Sony Corp. pioneer?
What do Congress and the courts need to adapt it to the Internet even as it provides opportunity to limit?
What wanted to allow access only to people who could prove electronically that 80,000 popular CDs owned, or at least had physical possession of, the actual CD?
What does the Recording Industry Association of America accuse them of?
What might the recording industry have embraced as a new, more convenient way of getting music to its customers?
What do Congress and the courts need to adapt this principle to the Internet even as it provides opportunity to limit?
What do Congress and the courts need to adapt this principle to even as it provides opportunity to limit what people see?
Who are not without rights?
What does mP3 technology allow?
What do Congress and the courts need to refine in a way that benefits consumers as well as giant industries?
Who pioneered the Walkman technology that revolutionized music listening?
What have com and Napster stepped into?
What is pending?
Who has devised the Music Clip?
Who did Sony invent?
What did the Walkman play?
What did com have?
What should the recording industry not let inhibit the growth of this powerful medium?
What does this program allow?
What did heavy metal group metallica forced Napster to ban 317,377 users from on the ground they had illegally copied Metallica songs?
What is that it will make ``science and the useful arts'' widely available at the touch of a computer mouse?
What are being waged today over the use of MP3 technology in a compressed form?
What need to refine copyright protection in a way that benefits consumers as well as giant industries?
What has tried to shut them down or curtail their use of popular material?
What do gnutella and other programs eliminate the key legal vulnerability of Napster _ to facilitate file-sharing?
What should the recording industry not let Draconian interpretations of the copyright laws inhibit?
Who had a better idea?
What is a new kind of portable music player that forces users to convert MP3 files into a coded format?
What does it provide?
What did it want to allow?
Who had not yet bought the CBS recording company?
Who ruled last month that the MP3?
What do gnutella and other programs eliminate _ its dependence on central computers to facilitate file-sharing?
What major record companies ought to go beyond legal stratagems to define?
What would com approach have allowed?
What were 5,423 Napsterites on?
What ought to go beyond legal stratagems to define a marketing program that fully utilizes the MP3 format?
Where the work of those popular acts ought to be featured?
Who had planned?
What did a better idea want to create?
What has tried to shut com and Napster down or curtail their use of popular material?
What does mP3 technology allow the transmission of?
What would it seem to violate?
When are intense legal battles being waged over the use of MP3 technology in a compressed form?
What allows the transmission of high-fidelity music?
How many users did heavy metal group metallica forced Napster to ban from the service on the ground they had illegally copied Metallica songs?
What has been slow to allow the release of material by well-known performers?
What does this principle provide opportunity to limit?
What is the Music Clip?
What have since taken steps to reduce their legal exposure?
Who were on line with 621,881 songs?
What would famous acts much rather have fans buy so they could collect royalties?
What could collect royalties?
When did Judge Jed S. Rakoff in New York federal court rule that the MP3?
What the songs of Metallica and other famous artists ought to be available for?
What has the Sony Corp. devised?
What ought to be featured on the same site as those of emerging artists?
Even if the recording industry wins all its battles in court, what are new programs being developed to allow?
Who does the Recording Industry Association of America accuse of copyright infringement?
What does it provide opportunity to limit?
What should not let Draconian interpretations of the copyright laws inhibit the growth of this powerful medium?
What should the recording industry not let?
When is this principle as valid as when the Constitution was written in 1787?
What does the association have?
What would famous acts much rather have buy their compact discs so they could collect royalties?
What accuses com and Napster of copyright infringement?
Who played unencrypted tape cassettes?
What is the great promise of Internet technology that it will make widely available at the touch of a computer mouse?
What gives Congress the power to establish copyright protections ``to promote the progress of science and the useful arts?''
What might the recording industry have embraced this technology as?
What had the Sony Corp. not yet bought?
What would much rather have fans buy their compact discs so they could collect royalties?
If you 're in a band that has not been as fortunate as us, what does that's?
What do users 've always controlled?
What did Ulrich say in, ``This is not about Metallica versus the Internet''?
Who can call him at 390-7713, or e-mail: mmayhewstar-telegram?
What is being sponsored by Napster?
Who got the opportunity to explain to the band why Napster exists?
What does it's like people are hearing our stuff for?
What was Master of Puppets?
When did Texas Christian University administrators do so because the site was causing the campus ' computers to slow down?
Who well 've already heard half of an interview?
What was 19-year-old Shawn Fanning?
Who estimates the number of people using Napster totals in the millions?
What do Napster officials say the company is not breaking because it does not directly provide the copyrighted music to get it?
Who does _ and Cooper say will keep downloading songs wherever she can in the meantime, Napster is still up and running _ although TCU has banned it?
What did so because the site was causing the campus ' computers to slow down in February?
What do our fans want on the Internet?
What do well Matchbox Twenty singer Rob Thomas 've already heard half of?
What do users know?
What has an ever-growing circle of Metallica fans trashed through various chat rooms and message boards?
What's like people are hearing our stuff for bands like us?
What do Band drummer Lars ulrich personally wheeled in?
Who 're in a band that has not been as fortunate as users?
What is morally right in the first place?
Who 've always controlled what we make?
What is the copyrighted music?
Whose founder was 19-year-old Shawn Fanning?
Who can you call at 390-7713, or e-mail: mmayhewstar-telegram?
Who champion the site for offering artists without major-label deals or radio play a chance to get heard?
Who want music on the Internet?
Who does the Napster music-community site remain off-limits to?
Who is ambivalent about Napster?
Who know that the Internet is the future in terms of spreading your music to your fans?
What do Napster officials say?
What was the site causing to slow down?
What did Napster's founder say in, ``I 'm a huge Metallica fan and therefore really sorry that they 're going in this direction''?
What do critics liken to stealing a record?
Who is Limp Bizkit's upcoming tour being sponsored by?
What do we 've always controlled?
What did the group release a statement saying by?
What do our fans want music on?
What's why artists such as Metallica and rap star Dr. Dre have started a campaign against Napster?
Who is Dave Edmondson?
Who liken the song to walking into a music store?
Who says, ``Yeah it's not fair that they 're not making any money off of it''?
Who simply log onto Napster's site?
What do Napster officials say is not breaking the law because it does not directly provide the copyrighted music to get it?
Who liken it to stealing a record?
What does the law not directly provide the copyrighted music to get?
Who liken it to walking into a music store?
What do well Matchbox Twenty singer Rob Thomas 've already heard?
Who does _ and Cooper say she will keep downloading songs wherever she can in the meantime, is still up and running _ although TCU has banned it?
Who want to control how that's done?
Where is the music industry morally right?
What does this's for young people like Jennifer Cooper?
When do we know that the Internet is?
Who download songs onto either their hard drive or a CD?
What does _ and Cooper say she will keep downloading wherever she can in the meantime, Napster is still up and running _ although TCU has banned it?
What does _ and Cooper say in the meantime, Napster is still up and running _ although TCU has banned it?
What has banned the meantime?
What do we 're excited about?
Who did Texas Christian University administrators decide to block from entering a site called Napster?
What has the controversy swirling around the San Mateo, Calif. -based Napster and whether it infringes on copyright laws been for the past several months?
Who is assistant provost for the school's information service department?
When do users know that the Internet is?
Who were so many students logging onto to download MP3 files _ electronic versions of songs _ that the computer's server kept crashing?
What does it's a dream come true for?
What did users download songs onto?
Where will the tour roll into the Bronco Bowl?
Who care more about what our fans want?
So who do not get a chance to be on the radio or MTV, or be on a major label?
Who said in a recent phone interview?
What is the battle decided in?
What do we know?
What did Matchbox Twenty singer Rob Thomas get it all off?
What do users get?
Who says, ``Yeah the battle's not fair that _ and Cooper 're not making any money off of it''?
What did Matchbox Twenty singer Rob Thomas get off the Internet?
What do users want to control?
Who says it gives them a chance to get heard?
What does it's for young people like Jennifer Cooper?
What do critics liken to walking into a music store?
Who were to turn Napster back on?
What says she will keep downloading songs wherever she can in the meantime, Napster is still up and running _ although TCU has banned it?
What was NetPD?
Who say the company is not breaking the law because it does not directly provide the copyrighted music to get it?
What does not directly provide the copyrighted music to get it?
What is the music industry morally right in?
What did we get?
What did the group release?
What do Matchbox Twenty singer Rob Thomas 're in?
Who wrote that the name of one of the band's CDs epitomized the metal group on Napster's Web site?
Who is Jennifer Cooper?
What do Fred Durst of the immensely popular rap-metal act Limp Bizkit says Napster's the wave of the future, and his band's gonna ride?
What released a statement saying the alleged violations of its music were logged by a computer consulting firm?
What get the song?
Who were logging onto Napster to download MP3 files _ electronic versions of songs _ that the computer's server kept crashing?
What was eventually installed?
What is this?
Who got the opportunity to explain to the band why fans enjoy Napster?
What does the artist not get?
What does Thomas say gives them a chance to get heard?
What has an ever-growing circle of Metallica fans trashed the band's legal actions through?
Whose upcoming tour is being sponsored by Napster?
What has TCU banned?
Whose site do users simply log onto?
What was the computer consulting firm?
Who was one of the band's CDs?
What did upgraded hardware lessen?
Whose founder said in a statement, ``I 'm a huge Metallica fan and therefore really sorry that they 're going in this direction''?
What will rage for months?
What was causing the campus ' computers to slow down?
If you 're in a band that has not been as fortunate as us, what's who it's good for?
What is it decided in?
Who decided to block their Web-surfing students from entering a site called Napster?
What are napster supporters as?
What do users simply log onto?
When has the controversy swirling around the San Mateo, Calif. -based Napster and whether it infringes on copyright laws been the hot topic in the music industry?
Who 're not getting paid?
What will roll into the Bronco Bowl in Dallas?
What did users download onto either their hard drive or a CD?
What does _ and Cooper say she will keep downloading songs wherever she can in, Napster is still up and running _ although TCU has banned it?
What's a dream come true for young people like Jennifer Cooper?
What does it not directly provide the copyrighted music to get?
What does Napster spokeswoman Deborah Orr estimate the number of?
Who well 'ves already heard half of it?
Who 'mes sorry?
Who was one of the band's CDs Master of?
What did one fan write that the name of one of the band's CDs epitomized on Napster's Web site?
What will the tour roll into in Dallas?
What are divided on the subject?
What did one fan write that the name of one of the band's CDs epitomized the metal group on?
Who are such as Public Enemy singer Chuck D?
What does Napster spokeswoman Deborah Orr estimate?
Who is an 18-year-old TCU freshman?
What has banned it?
What is a way?
What do we want to control?
What do Napster officials say the company is not breaking because southwest music and media does not directly provide the copyrighted music to get it?
What said in a statement, ``I 'm a huge Metallica fan and therefore really sorry that they 're going in this direction''?

What does she say, ``Yeah it's not fair''?
What has been the hot topic in the music industry for the past several months?
Whose Web site did one fan write that the name of one of the band's CDs epitomized the metal group on?
What are either stored on the computer's hard drives or transferred to CD via CD burners with the click of a mouse?
What did the vocalist say during an interview this year at, ``This is the radio of the new millennium''?
Who got it all off the Internet?
What do well I 've already heard?
What do users 're excited about?
What are bands, record labels and music lovers divided on?
What do they get?
What has trashed the band's legal actions through various chat rooms and message boards?
Who Ulrich personally wheeled in the 60,000 pages of text?
What did he get it all off?
What has the controversy swirling around the San Mateo, Calif. -based Napster and whether a very big one infringes on copyright laws been for the past several months?
What is decided in the courts?
What the songs are either stored on the computer's hard drives or transferred to CD via CD burners with?
When will the battle rage?
Who was Napster's founder?
Who ride it?
What do Napster officials say is not breaking the law because southwest music and media does not directly provide the copyrighted music to get it?
What do you 're in?
What will the tour roll into the Bronco Bowl in?
Who says, ``I 've stopped buying CDs now because of Napster and MP3s''?
What do napster supporters champion?
What did he get off the Internet?
What remains off-limits to students?
Who did so because the site was causing the campus ' computers to slow down in February?
What does this's a dream come true for?
When did they do so because the site was causing the campus ' computers to slow down?
What can you call him at?
Who get the song?
What does the law not directly provide to get it?
What does it not directly provide to get it?
What is how they get heard?
What do well I 've already heard half of?
Who 're excited about that?
Who does not get any money?
Who say the company is not breaking the law because southwest music and media does not directly provide the copyrighted music to get it?
What does Napster spokeswoman Deborah Orr say, ``Yeah the battle's not fair''?
What lessened the problem?
What did Matchbox Twenty singer Rob Thomas say in?
Who 'res in a band that has not been as fortunate as us?
Who say?
Who said in a statement on the band's Web site, ``This is not about Metallica versus the Internet''?
Who said during an interview this year at the South by Southwest music and media conference in Austin, ``This is the radio of the new millennium''?
Who liken the song to stealing a record?
What did users get?
Who is Thomas ambivalent about?
Who does not agree with having to pay $18 for a new CD?
What did one fan write on Napster's Web site?
What says Napster spokeswoman Deborah Orr will keep downloading songs wherever she can in the meantime, Napster is still up and running _ although TCU has banned it?
What was Yale University?
What found employees had downloaded about 4. 5 gigabytes worth of MP3 files?
Who did Napster officials say by?
Who did Gould of Charlotte say has heard of no other company bans of Napster?
Who got concerned that if 80 percent was going to Napster, Buss said, ``At that point''?
Who no longer had the 4 gigabytes of hard-disk space needed to perform the operation?
What did Buss say at the same time?
What were Yale University?
What do SAN FRANCISCO _ The crackdown on Napster has reached?
What did he say had more to do with workers slacking off than computer resource problems?
How many gigabytes of hard-disk space needed to perform the operation did a server no longer have?
Who did buss find had downloaded about 4. 5 gigabytes worth of MP3 files?
What does the Napster software allow music fans to share directly with other Napster members without cost?
What have sued Napster claiming the program promotes music piracy and cheats artists out of royalties?
What was Charlotte?
Who said visitors to his 3-week-old site yesterday included users from financial services companies, the military, media outlets and the U. S. Senate?
What does the Napster software allow to share their MP3-formatted songs directly with other Napster members without cost?
What did buss find about?
What did Gould say visitors to his 3-week-old site yesterday included users from?
What is officially off-limits at work?
What have enacted highly publicized bans or restrictions on Napster because student file-swapping was clogging the institutions ' high-speed Internet connections?
What was student file-swapping clogging?
What was N. C.?
Who had no specific information of other companies that cracked down on Napster use?
Who said that percentage seems to go up on Mondays when workers return after the weekend off?
Who did a survey this week by Greenfield Online show have downloaded music from the Internet?
What does Golon\/Harris have?
Who was Britain and Japan?
What does David Gould operate?
What did he say that about 20 percent of the visitors logged on to his site yesterday morning were from?
What did a survey this week by Greenfield Online show from?
Who was Barrett Buss?
Who was Golon\/Harris vice president for information systems?
What did a survey this week by Greenfield Online show 75 percent of college students have downloaded from the Internet?
What is Golon\/Harris based in?
What came when Golon\/Harris sent notice Tuesday to the more than 500 computer users in 13 company offices?
What did he say that percentage seems to go up on when workers return after the weekend off?
Who did Napster officials say there have been only a few scattered reports by?
What do SAN FRANCISCO _?
What have flourished at universities because they afford students free access to high-speed Internet connections?
What did a survey this week by Greenfield Online show 75 percent of college students have downloaded music from?
What did Gould of Charlotte say of?
What is the message: Napster officially off-limits at?
Whose copyright infringement lawsuit did three colleges block Napster to avoid getting drawn into against Napster?
Who did three colleges block Napster to avoid getting drawn into Metallica's copyright infringement lawsuit against?
What showed 75 percent of college students have downloaded music from the Internet?
What did buss find employees had downloaded about?
What did Buss say ``the same time's like''?
What has blocked employees from using the popular but controversial music swapping program because Napster was starting to sap the company's computer resources?
What did Gould say from?
Who said that about 20 percent of the visitors logged on to his site yesterday morning were from business-related Internet addresses?
What was Calif.?
What is created by founder Shawn Fanning?
What did he say from?
What investigated?
What were three colleges?
What have about 100 universities enacted because student file-swapping was clogging the institutions ' high-speed Internet connections?
Who did he say the bans had more to do with slacking off than computer resource problems?
What did Gould of Charlotte say he has heard of?
What did he say the bans had more to do with workers slacking off than?
What did Napster spokesman Dan Wool have?
What did Buss say ``'s like potato chips''?
What do businesses also have?
Who said ``It's like potato chips''?
What is based in Chicago?
What have mP3s flourished at because they afford students free access to high-speed Internet connections?
What have already blocked or restricted use of Napster for various reasons?
What afford students free access to high-speed Internet connections?
What _ The crackdown on Napster has reached the corporate workplace?
What was San Mateo?
What blocked Napster to avoid getting drawn into Metallica's copyright infringement lawsuit against Napster?
What did David Gould say that about 20 percent of the visitors logged on to his site yesterday morning were from?
Who offers Napster fans forums and news?
What did a server no longer have the 4 gigabytes of?
What did Napster officials say there have been by Napster members or ``through the grapevine'' of the program causing similar problems in the workplace?
What allows music fans to share their MP3-formatted songs directly with other Napster members without cost?
What did David Gould say from?
What did Buss say ``like''?
What did he say on?
What have the major record companies along with rock band Metallica and rap star Dr. Dre sued Napster claiming promotes music piracy and cheats artists out of royalties?
Who afford students free access to high-speed Internet connections?
Who was starting to sap the company's computer resources?
Who operates an independent Web site called NapsterMP3?
Where is Golon\/Harris based?
Who said the bans had more to do with workers slacking off than computer resource problems?
What was Golon\/Harris?
What did three colleges block Napster to avoid getting drawn into against Napster?
What was Indiana University and the University of Southern California?
How many scattered reports did Napster officials say there have been by Napster members or ``through the grapevine'' of the program causing similar problems in the workplace?
How many colleges were Yale University?
What did Napster spokesman Dan Wool say had more to do with workers slacking off than computer resource problems?
What also have those same high-speed connections?
Who does the Napster software allow music fans to share their MP3-formatted songs directly with without cost?
What did Napster spokesman Dan Wool say the bans had more to do with workers slacking off than?
Who said there have been only a few scattered reports by Napster members or ``through the grapevine'' of the program causing similar problems in the workplace?
Who did he say with?
What did a server no longer have?
Who did Gould say visitors to his 3-week-old site yesterday included from financial services companies, the military, media outlets and the U. S. Senate?
Who has offices in the United States?
What did David Gould say that percentage seems to go up on when workers return after the weekend off?
What do SAN FRANCISCO _ has reached the corporate workplace?
Who did Napster spokesman Dan Wool say with?
Who has Public relations firm Golon\/Harris International blocked from using the popular but controversial music swapping program because Napster was starting to sap the company's computer resources?
What have the major record companies along with rock band Metallica and rap star Dr. Dre sued Napster claiming of?
What was clogging the institutions ' high-speed Internet connections?
What does the Napster software allow music fans to share their MP3-formatted songs directly with other Napster members without?
What did Buss say ``It's like''?
Who said ``the same time's like potato chips''?
Who &LR;?
What did Napster spokesman Dan Wool have no specific information of?
Who did Napster spokesman Dan Wool say the bans had more to do with slacking off than computer resource problems?
How many universities have enacted highly publicized bans or restrictions on Napster because student file-swapping was clogging the institutions ' high-speed Internet connections?
Who have the major record companies along with rock band Metallica and rap star Dr. Dre sued claiming the program promotes music piracy and cheats artists out of royalties?
Who said he has heard of no other company bans of Napster?
How many colleges blocked Napster to avoid getting drawn into Metallica's copyright infringement lawsuit against Napster?
Who did three colleges block to avoid getting drawn into Metallica's copyright infringement lawsuit against Napster?
What did Barrett Buss say?
What did David Gould say on?
Who is the Napster software created by?
What does com offer?
What does it enable users to swap by trading files in the MP3 format _ a data-compression formula that turns a CD's music tracks into computer files?
What does Napster use?
What is possible the law could be interpreted that way?
Who was director of the institute and a co-author of the report?
Who has argued that a report to be released on Monday should not be held accountable if its users illegally trade copyrighted music over the Internet?
What did he say he hoped for?
What did Napster do bar infringed its copyrights using the service?
What did Robert D. Atkinson say he hoped that Wednesday's hearing would raise awareness in Washington for?
Who worked for Netscape when the digital copyright law was passed?
What is the law meant to protect intellectual property on the Internet possible?
What does Napster's software work like?
What is it possible?
Who uses a file format called MP3?
What did Atkinson say in?
Who was Robert D. Atkinson?
Who are identified?
Who does it enable to swap songs by trading files in the MP3 format _ a data-compression formula that turns a CD's music tracks into computer files?
Who is Harter among?
What does a Democratic research center say in a report to be released on Monday WASHINGTON _?
Who was a lobbyist for a company called eMusic?
What does the controversial Napster software that enables Internet users to trade music files with little regard to copyrights enable distribution of without any copyright protection?
What recommends that the services be required to remove infringing users within a specific period a week?
What does a Democratic research center say in WASHINGTON _ The law meant to protect intellectual property on the Internet needs to be updated?
What did Napster do 300,000 fans of the rock group Metallica infringed its copyrights using the service?
What proposes that services like Napster be required to collect identifiable and verifiable information from its users?
What did Napster do bar?
Who does the report propose from?
What are digital works specifically exempted providers of?
What does it do not on?
What is Chuck D founder of?
When does it recommend?
What does the report propose outlawing?
What call it a haven for piracy because it enables distribution of music without any copyright protection?
What does it do not store the music on its computers or engage in trading copyrighted music?
What does not itself store the music on its computers or engage in trading copyrighted music?
What is the law meant to protect intellectual property on the Internet possible the law could be interpreted?
What enables users to swap songs by trading files in the MP3 format _ a data-compression formula that turns a CD's music tracks into computer files?
What works like a co-op?
Who did Robert D. Atkinson say hoped that Wednesday's hearing would raise awareness in Washington for the need to update the digital copyright law to address new technologies?
What are its users as?
What opposed the original law as potentially limiting access to works that belong in the public domain?
What did he say he hoped that Wednesday's hearing would raise for the need to update the digital copyright law to address new technologies?
What is it possible could be interpreted that way?
What does a report to be released on Monday do not store the music on its computers or engage in trading copyrighted music?
Who was Peter Harter?
What are specifically exempted providers of Internet access services and search services from liability?
When is the law passed to extend traditional copyright protections to digital works when their users transmit pirated?
What can download MP3 files of lesser-known artists and those who have not yet signed recording contracts at Rapstation. com?
How many fans of the rock group Metallica did Napster do bar infringed its copyrights using the service?
What does the report recommend for?''
What is the law meant to protect intellectual property on the Internet possible could be interpreted that way?
What did he say he hoped that Wednesday's hearing would raise awareness in Washington for?
Who said he hoped that Wednesday's hearing would raise awareness in Washington for the need to update the digital copyright law to address new technologies?
What did the civil libertarian community oppose as potentially limiting access to works that belong in the public domain?
What does it enable users to swap songs by in the MP3 format _ a data-compression formula that turns a CD's music tracks into computer files?
Who has Chuck D become a vocal proponent of?
What does the controversial Napster software that enables Internet users to trade music files with little regard to copyrights enable distribution of music without?
What are identified?
What does a report to be released on Monday do not on?
Who did he say hoped that Wednesday's hearing would raise awareness in Washington for the need to update the digital copyright law to address new technologies?
What says in a report to be released on Monday WASHINGTON _ The law meant to protect intellectual property on the Internet needs to be updated?
What (HERE _ OPTIONAL MATERIAL FOLLOWS) Any such proposals would likely be met with resistance from the civil libertarian community?
What enables distribution of music without any copyright protection?
What did Peter Harter work for when the digital copyright law was passed?
What are identifiable and verifiable information's users as?
When does a report to be released on Monday recommend?
What hopes the hearing, and its report, will also focus attention on what it says are needed updates to the Digital Millennium Copyright Act?
What did Napster do bar 300,000 fans of the rock group Metallica infringed using the service?
What did Robert D. Atkinson say he hoped that Wednesday's hearing would raise for the need to update the digital copyright law to address new technologies?
What are seeking damages that could add up to billions of dollars?
What can music fans download at Rapstation. com?
What has Napster argued over?
What does it enable without any copyright protection?
Whose software works like a co-op?
What is expected to focus on how small recording labels and lesser-known musical acts are using the Internet and downloadable music to gain market share?
What does the controversial Napster software that enables Internet users to trade music files with little regard to copyrights enable without any copyright protection?
What is passed in 1998 to extend traditional copyright protections to digital works when their users transmit pirated?
Who is among the witnesses scheduled to testify Wednesday?
What is Chuck D?
What are other likely opponents?
Who are telecommunications companies and Internet companies that worked for years to reach the compromise that was passed into law?
What does the controversial Napster software that enables Internet users to trade music files with little regard to copyrights enable users to swap songs by trading files in?
What does a Democratic research center say in a report to be released on Monday WASHINGTON _ needs to be updated?
What works?
Who has Chuck D become?
What are the groups seeking?
What did Atkinson say had yet been drafted to address the recommendations in his report?
What does it enable distribution of music without?
What is it possible the law could be interpreted?
What does the Progressive Policy Institute hope will also focus attention on what it says are needed updates to the Digital Millennium Copyright Act?
What does it enable users to swap songs by trading files in?
Who did bar 300,000 fans of the rock group Metallica infringed its copyrights using the service?
What proposes outlawing technologies like the controversial Napster software that enables Internet users to trade music files with little regard to copyrights?
Who said no legislation had yet been drafted to address the recommendations in his report?
What has become a vocal proponent of Napster?
What was Robert D. Atkinson director of?
Who are digital works?
What does the Progressive Policy Institute hope to?
What does it enable distribution of without any copyright protection?
What did he say for?
What can music fans download MP3 files of lesser-known artists and those who have not yet signed recording contracts at?
Who is founder of Rapstation. com?
Who are such as addresses and credit-card information?
What did Robert D. Atkinson say he hoped for?
Who has argued that it should not be held accountable if its users illegally trade copyrighted music over the Internet?
What did Robert D. Atkinson say for?
What did Napster do bar 300,000 fans of the rock group Metallica infringed its copyrights using?
Who did the recording industry and two artists sue?
Who was Robert Atkinson?
Whose software allows music fans to easily share their MP3 music files through the Internet?
Who was ``virtually nonexistent'' in February?
What have applied for reinstatement?
Who admitted he does not expect Congress to act anytime in the next several months?
Who did he cite in a news release?
What did Napster spokesman Dan Wool say on?
What did the report also say?''
What does the report recommend that Congress change the DMCA to require Internet-based services like Napster to obtain?
Who did Hummer Winblad partner Hank Barry cite in a news release?
Who was the Barry?
What did SAN FRANCISCO _ Napster Inc. appointed a new chief executive recommend to combat illegal swapping of online music?
Who will Hummer Winblad partner Hank Barry become?
Who did Media Metrix Inc. by have 2. 5 million unique users?
Who did both Barry also join Napster's board of?
Who replaces Eileen Richardson?
What does Napster's software allow music fans to easily share through the Internet?
Who was co-author of the report ``Napster and Online Piracy''?
Who does Hummer Winblad partner Hank Barry replace?
What did SAN FRANCISCO _ Napster Inc. appointed a new chief executive recommend tighter copyright laws to combat?
Whose loyal fans say the program helps promote new music and new artists?
What will the institute present the paper at?
What did Metallica quietly deliver that the band wants blocked?
What has the Napster debate also entered?
Who say the program helps promote new music and new artists?
What did Metallica quietly deliver a new list of 332,293 Napster members?
What does the report recommend?
What has yet to release a final version of the program?
What claims the program is nothing but a tool for music piracy?
Who does the report recommend that Congress change the DMCA to require Internet-based services like Napster to obtain ``identifiable and verifiable'' information about?
What did SAN FRANCISCO _ Napster Inc. received key financial backing Monday even as a political think tank recommend to combat illegal swapping of online music?
What does the recording industry and two artists claim is nothing but a tool for music piracy?
Who said, ``We think Napster is an innovative technology''?
What suggests that judges be allowed more flexibility to grant injunctions?
Who did Media Metrix Inc. by March have?
What allows music fans to easily share their MP3 music files through the Internet?
What does Napster's software allow music fans to easily share their MP3 music files through?
What will the institute present at a House Small-Business Committee hearing scheduled for tomorrow to examine Internet music technologies?
What sued Napster?
Who was a former partner at Wilson Sonsini Goodrich & Rosati in Palo Alto, Calif. , and Hummer Winblad partner John Hummer?
What was Media Metrix Inc.?
What does the report suggest?
Who was unavailable for immediate comment?
What does the recording industry and two artists claim the program is?
Who only intended to stay long enough to find a permanent boss?
Who said, ``music fans think Napster is an innovative technology''?
What did Robert Atkinson say, ``music fans think''?
Who is the recording industry and two artists?
What does the report recommend that Congress change the DMCA to require to obtain ``identifiable and verifiable'' information about their users to help track down copyright violators?
Who by March had 2. 5 million unique users?
Who was Napster?
Who quietly delivered a new list of 332,293 Napster members that the band wants blocked?
When did Atkinson admit?
Who also joined Napster's board of directors?
Who will become Napster's interim CEO?
Who is Eileen Richardson?
What did SAN FRANCISCO _ Napster Inc. received key financial backing Monday even as a political think tank recommend tighter copyright laws to combat illegal swapping of?
Who did Metallica quietly deliver a new list of that the band wants blocked?
What does Napster's software allow to easily share their MP3 music files through the Internet?
What have more than 30,000 applied for?
What has also entered the political arena?
What does the company have yet to release?
Whose interim CEO will Hummer Winblad partner Hank Barry become?
What does the company have yet to release a final version of?
Who is a Boston area investor who became Napster's interim CEO when the company started nine months ago?
How many unique users did Media Metrix Inc. by March have?
What do Napster's loyal fans say helps promote new music and new artists?
Who recommended tighter copyright laws to combat illegal swapping of online music?
What will present the paper at a House Small-Business Committee hearing scheduled for tomorrow to examine Internet music technologies?
When did Atkinson admit he does not expect Congress to act anytime?
Who did Atkinson admit does not expect Congress to act anytime in the next several months?
When was Media Metrix Inc. ``virtually nonexistent''?
What was Barry unavailable for?
What do Napster's loyal fans say the program helps promote?
Who does he replace?
Who blocked more than 300,000 users identified by Metallica as people who were offering illegal copies of the heavy metal band's songs?
What does the report suggest that judges be allowed?
Who did Napster block?
What did SAN FRANCISCO _ Napster Inc. received key financial backing Monday even as a political think tank recommend tighter copyright laws to combat?
What is Metallica and Dr. Dre?
Who can sign on anonymously?
Who said the company has not made a decision on blocking members on the newest Metallica hit list or another list from Dr. Dre naming 239,612 Napster members?
Who &LR;?
Whose board of directors did both Barry also join?
What did both Barry also join?
What was Robert Atkinson co-author of?
What does the recording industry and two artists claim?
How many users identified by Metallica as people who were offering illegal copies of the heavy metal band's songs did Napster block?
What did SAN FRANCISCO _ Napster Inc. appointed a new chief executive recommend tighter copyright laws to combat illegal swapping of?
What do Napster's loyal fans say?
What did Robert Atkinson say, ``We think''?
What now gives Napster and similar services ``no incentive to act in a timely fashion''?
What did Atkinson admit he does not expect to act anytime in the next several months?
As he put it, who was partying all the time?
Who did Shawn Fanning consider the introductory computer science classes was taking beneath his skill level?
What did seeming all of 19 crumple along with the square of paper in on which the line was written?
Who was Metallica drummer Lars Ulrich?
Who was just a kid?
What did his biological father come from?
What crumpled along with the square of paper in his hand on which the line was written?
What are the bands as?
Who was 12 or 13?
Who went to work?
Who did he relent at last it's neat but. . . ``OK, maybe would use it''?
What does he figure?
What spread by word of mouth _ and across the Net _?
What had the self-taught programmer already had several computer-related jobs he described as after all?
Who has not profited yet?
Who worked for a Boston security firm before becoming another Napster cofounder?
What was Napster?
Who tries not to even think about it?
Who was his one indulgence?
What does Napster say it's not responsible if people use its service to steal music and violate copyright law for?
What was I not really learning?
Who was Howard King?
When did the labels appear to be coming to terms with online music?
What did the latter job earn him _ his first car and one that both elated and embarrassed a boy who had never had any extras?
Who thinks a lot of his drive comes from wanting to be someone who can improve the conditions for his family?
What does Napster say's not responsible if people use its service to steal music and violate copyright law for its part?
As Shawn Fanning put the room, who was partying all the time?
Who did he consider the introductory computer science classes was taking beneath his skill level?
Who were in the room?
What was a subject that still makes Fanning visibly uncomfortable?
What did he relent at last's neat but. . . ``OK, maybe I would use it''?
Who did he long to meet?
As he put it, when was I partying?
What was his roommate constantly complaining about?
What did Fanning say he has?
What did he consider the introductory computer science classes beneath?
When did everything never have?
Who bought a Windows programming book?
What do Napster _ the computer application makes easy to copy music files stored on the hard drives of other users?
Who is?
What did he consider he was taking beneath his skill level?
What did classes take to building what would become Napster for the self-described obsessive personality?
Who was a nickname that childhood friends said the closely cropped Fanning earned one day on the basketball court when another player commented on his sweaty head?
What was he alluding to Napster Inc.'s battle to be the middleman between music fans and music makers in?
What did Shawn Fanning's biological father come from?
Who said, ``You know''?
Who was one of his musical heroes?
What was a second, souped-up Mazda?
What did Shawn Fanning put?
What _ the computer application makes it easy to copy music files stored on the hard drives of other users?
What were music makers?
What have recently established a relationship that Fanning would prefer to keep private?
Who did Fanning decide was the teenager to do something about it?
What panicked about a distribution system they did not see coming and are suing to stop?
What do Napster _ makes it easy to copy music files stored on the hard drives of other users?
What did Metallica want booted from the service for copyright infringement inside?
What do some bands say is democratizing the music business and are cheering Fanning on?
What's hard to say?
Who was having a lot of fun?
What is everything right now?
What did he buy?
What was Shawn Fanning not really learning?
What was the controversy dramatized to last month?
As Shawn Fanning put the room, when was I partying?
When is Napster?
When do so do?
Who were a subject?
Who was Metallica drummer Lars Ulrich one of?
Who did many users figure out on?
What did Shawn have to go into?
Who says it's not responsible if people use its service to steal music and violate copyright law for its part?
Who asked?
Who relented at last it's neat but. . . ``OK, maybe I would use it''?
Who wanted booted from the service for copyright infringement inside: the names of 300,000 people the band?
Who said, ``No one gave me $15 million personally''?
What did Shawn Fanning contemplate the pickup line for a full five seconds _ Unable to party?
What did he relent at last it's neat but. . . ``OK, maybe I would use''?
What was an online hangout popular with computerphiles of all ages?
What was Shawn Fanning having a lot of?
What showed you the sort of responsibility he feels?
What did Shawn Fanning consider the introductory computer science classes beneath?
Who did Shawn Fanning long to meet?
Who may sell it?
What was SAN MATEO?
What never had a second?
What did Shawn Fanning contemplate the pickup line for a full five seconds SAN MATEO _ Unable to?
Who longed to meet Metallica drummer Lars Ulrich?
Who said, ``Shawn Fanning seems to be a pretty good kid who came up with a sensational program''?
What was Shawn Fanning having?
What took a back seat to building what would become Napster for the self-described obsessive personality?
Who said, ``Shawn Fanning do not know Shawn Fanning''?
Who considered the line some more?
What say the Napster program is democratizing the music business and are cheering Fanning on?
Who said he has no plans to live large?
What do I think comes from wanting to be someone who can improve the conditions for his family?
What did he seek feedback on?
Who was constantly complaining about the inconsistent quality and the inadequacy of the search engines?
Who was dismayed at the ultimatum?
Who was his uncle?
Who had the self-taught programmer already had several computer-related jobs described as ``kind of a joke'' after all?
What did Metallica want booted from inside: the names of 300,000 people the band?
What did Parker and Jordan Ritter work for before becoming another Napster cofounder?
What did classes take a back seat to building what would become Napster for?
What was I having a lot of?
When was the controversy dramatized to great effect?
What did a company start?
What deepened?
What helped a company develop software?
Who never had a second?
What did seeming all of 19 crumple along with in his hand on which the line was written?
Who was he just?
Who are such as rapper Dr. Dre and the heavy-metal rockers Metallica?
Who considered the introductory computer science classes he was taking beneath his skill level?
What do the months he spent in a foster home when his parents had no money and lost their home?
Who liken what it does to piracy?
What appeared to be coming to terms with online music on Friday?
What's on the lips of teenagers, college students, and record industry executives everywhere?
What did Shawn Fanning consider he was taking beneath his skill level?
What do I think?
What had the self-taught programmer already had several computer-related jobs he described as ``kind of a joke'' after?
What did he consider some more?
What's earned mostly?
Who was into downloading digital music?
What are such as the Smashing Pumpkins and Hole?
What was Napster a nickname that childhood friends said?
Who did Fanning say has no plans to live large?
Who blushed although no girls were in the room?
Who said, ``he seems to be a pretty good kid who came up with a sensational program''?
What do some bands say?
What was Internet Relay Chat?
What did it quickly become?
How many people have signed up for everything since its launched last August?
What did news of the Napster application quickly become?
How many people have signed up for it since its launched last August?
What started a computer-security service?
Who was bored?
What is free?
Who 'mes sure the thought never crossed his mind?
What did he consider the introductory computer science classes he was taking beneath?
What have more than 10 million people signed up for since its launched last August?
What did several computer-related jobs help a company develop?
What do Napster _?
Who liken what the Napster program does to piracy?
What have the two recently established a relationship?
Who did Fanning decide he was?
When did Shawn Fanning 'd barely been online?
Who was the Los Angeles lawyer suing Napster on behalf of Metallica and Dr. Dre?
Whose one indulgence was a second, souped-up Mazda?
Who contemplated the pickup line for a full five seconds SAN MATEO _ Unable to party?
What do others liken to?
Who is what Fanning dubbed the music file-sharing software he developed in his first semester at Northeastern University?
What had the self-taught programmer already had he described as ``kind of a joke'' after all?
What have signed up for everything since its launched last August?
Who had already had several computer-related jobs he described as ``kind of a joke'' after all?
Who sought feedback on Internet Relay Chat?
What is?
What does Shawn Fanning figure he 'd likely earn?
What does Fanning still taste?
What is Napster right now?
What is the computer application?
Who was not really learning anything?
Who decided he was the teenager to do something about it?
What did classes take a back seat to building for the self-described obsessive personality?
What was the kid?
Who 'd barely been online for three years?
Who put it?
What was Fanning dismayed at?
What did he seek on Internet Relay Chat?
What did he put?
What do I try not to even think about?
What does Napster say for its part?
What was welfare?
What may fanning have?
What was Calif.?
Who still tastes the sting of where he came from more than the sweetness of where he might be headed?
Who may have trouble invoking his middle-school nickname to his advantage?
What had the self-taught programmer already had several computer-related jobs as after all?
Where was he alluding to Napster Inc.'s battle to be the middleman between music fans and music makers?
Who are others as?
Who was Shawn Fanning's one indulgence?
What did Fanning say?
Who does Shawn Fanning figure 'd likely earn more?
What launched last August?
What did the latter job earn him?
When did its launch?
When did he 'd barely been online?
What did several computer-related jobs help develop software?
When did he never have?
What did he relent at last it's. . . ``OK, maybe I would use it''?
Who does he figure 'd likely earn more?
Who complied immediately?
Who 'm sure the thought never crossed his mind?
What have the two recently established that Fanning would prefer to keep private?
What does Shawn Fanning figure?
What did Shawn Fanning consider the introductory computer science classes he was taking beneath?
What did the latter job earn a programmer at any established computer company?
When did his own family spend on welfare?
Who figured out how to get back on the server?
What have signed up for it since its launched last August?
What were no girls in?
What quickly became the hot program on college campuses nationwide?
Who figures he 'd likely earn more?
Who does not know?
What does it's on?
What is the admittedly lousy guitarist _?
Who cannot go back home or go out without hearing about it?
Who said, ``I do not know Shawn Fanning''?
What's where he met Parker and Jordan Ritter?
What did the latter job earn him a dark blue BMW Z3 as partial payment for his services _ his first car and one?
What was dramatized to great effect last month?
What did the labels appear to be coming to on Friday?
What spent time on welfare?
What did his own family spend time on?
What does he figure he 'd likely earn?
Who came from a wealthy Massachusetts family?
Who's earned mostly?
What was more immediate?
Who had to go into a foster home?
When did everything launch?
What did Fanning decide?
Who put the room?
What did Shawn Fanning contemplate SAN MATEO _ Unable to party?
What was I having?
What do Napster _ makes the admittedly lousy guitarist _ easy to copy music files stored on the hard drives of other users?
Who was John Fanning?
What may he sell?
What _ the computer application makes the admittedly lousy guitarist _ easy to copy music files stored on the hard drives of other users?
Whose biological father came from a wealthy Massachusetts family?
Who said the ``private market will set itself right?''
Who said copyright holders were often reluctant to allow new technologies to emerge?
What did Leahy say for?
What did Hank Barry say that Napster was helping, not hurting?
Who was based in San Mateo?
What did Leahy keep an open laptop computer in throughout the hearing?
What did Roger McGuinn say?''
What has been reluctant to interfere in the private marketplace?
What did he say, ``I think''?
What had Napster ``hijacked''?
What did users download software over on their own computers?
What was Roger McGuinn of?
What charges?
Who said the company's Web site had attracted nearly 20 million users?
What did Barry call for a ``market-based solution'' that will benefit consumers rather than?
What does Emusic. com pay to artists for recordings on the Internet?
What did Dr. Dre sue Napster for in April, Metallica and the rapper?
What did a group called Artists Against Piracy run full-page advertisements Tuesday in?
What was the meeting room packed with young spectators into?
What did users download over the Internet that allows them to store and catalog their music on their own computers?
What did Barry call for rather than legislation from Congress?
What was Fred Ehrlich president of?
What did Leahy note that millions of young voters are paying to the debate on intellectual property and the need for certain safeguards?
What is the National Association of Recording Merchandisers?
What did Hatch say at the conclusion of a three-hour hearing, ``Fair and reasonable licensing needs to take place;''?
Who collided Tuesday on Capitol Hill?
What do officials for the service, and hundreds's fans, contend for?
What was a unit of Sony Corp.?
Who was Hank Barry?
What did Hatch say at, ``Fair and reasonable licensing needs to take place; that is what I 'm hearing''?
What are they able to before buying?
What did he say that Napster was helping, not hurting?
Who was Sony Music Entertainment a unit of?
Who kept an open laptop computer in front of him throughout the hearing?
What did Leahy keep an open laptop computer in front of him throughout?
Who was the Byrds?
Who was president of new technology for Sony Music Entertainment?
Who agreed?
Who did Dr. Dre sue for copyright infringement in April, Metallica and the rapper?
Who said that it is important both to ``protect the legitimate right'' of artists and to reward them for their work?
What does the coalition support?
Who said, ``History has shown that when new technologies emerge, they may initially seem to threaten to trump intellectual property protection''?
Who does Emusic. com pay royalties to?
What said at the conclusion of a three-hour hearing, ``Fair and reasonable licensing needs to take place; that is what I 'm hearing''?
When did Dr. Dre sue Napster for copyright infringement?
Who ruled this spring that another online music database, MP3?
Who have the Recording Industry Association of America argued that software created by the online music start-up Napster permits to steal copyrighted material?
Who asked?
What was San Mateo?
What do officials for the service, and their fans, contend for?
What are people able to before buying?
What did Lars Ulrich find?
What did Hatch say at the conclusion of a three-hour hearing, ``Fair and reasonable licensing needs to take place; that is''?
What has com since settled with?
Who had ``hijacked'' his music?
What did Hank Barry say, ``I think people 're dreaming if you think''?
Who joined online music executives and members of the Senate Judiciary Committee to discuss the effects on the recording industry of downloading music from the Internet?
Who said, ``I think people 're dreaming if you think we can work this out ourselves''?
What did Roger McGuinn say the issue was ``?''
What is the Recording Industry Association of America and Walt Disney Co.?
What did Barry say were often reluctant to allow new technologies to emerge?
Who said that the government should strive to be more effective in enforcing current copyright laws?
What did Leahy keep in front of him throughout the hearing?
Who was the chief executive of Napster?
What ran full-page advertisements Tuesday in several major newspapers?
What did Leahy say, ``History has shown''?
What get sorted out, ``In the end''?
Who said that the end is important both to ``protect the legitimate right'' of artists and to reward them for their work?
Who was Fred Ehrlich?
Who contend that it simply allows for easy sharing and sampling of music?
How many users did Hank Barry say the company's Web site had attracted?
Who was the drummer for the heavy-metal band Metallica?
Who said, ``I think we 're dreaming if you think we can work this out ourselves''?
Where was Napster based?
Who noted that millions of young voters are paying close attention to the debate on intellectual property and the need for certain safeguards?
What did a rock musician join online music executives and members of the Senate Judiciary Committee to discuss?
What was packed with young spectators into the hallway of the Hart Senate Building?
Who were spilling?
Who found what may have been an unexpected ally in Sen. Orrin Hatch, R-Utah, and chairman of the committee?
What supports the stance taken by Ulrich and members of Metallica in favor of protecting intellectual property rights?
What did a federal judge in Manhattan rule this spring?
What have ``proved to be a financial boon to these same concerned copyright holders?''
What did Hank Barry say?
Who was president of Emusic. com?
What did users download software over the Internet that allows them to store and catalog their music on?
What were young spectators?
What is free?
What did WASHINGTON _ Celebrity and politics collide Tuesday on?
When did WASHINGTON _ Celebrity and politics collide on Capitol Hill?
What did Fred Ehrlich say?''
What was Napster based in?
What entered the Senate?
What did Leahy note to?
Who was Hank Barry the chief executive of?
What have innovations like radio, television, the cassette player and the videocassette recorder ``proved to be?''
What did he say, ``I think we 're dreaming if you think''?
Who was Roger McGuinn?
What did the debate enter?
What did Roger McGuinn say was ``a lot of worrying about nothing?''
Who said that ``if music is free for downloading, the music industry is not viable?''
What did he say?
Who said?
What was Gene Hoffman Jr. president of?
Who called for a ``market-based solution'' that will benefit consumers rather than legislation from Congress?
Who has since settled with two labels?
What was Calif.?
Who did a rock musician join to discuss the effects on the recording industry of downloading music from the Internet?
Who said that Napster was helping, not hurting the recording industry?
What did Gene Hoffman Jr. say?
What represents major record labels, and several music groups?
Who was Lars Ulrich?
What pays royalties to artists for recordings on the Internet?
What are able to sample and preview music before buying?
Who sued Napster for copyright infringement in April, Metallica and the rapper?
What does the Recording Industry Association of America represent?
What did Leahy note that millions of young voters are paying close attention to?
What did Fred Ehrlich say the ``private market will set right?''
When did a federal judge in Manhattan rule that another online music database, MP3?
Who said the issue was ``a lot of worrying about nothing?''
What have the Recording Industry Association of America argued?
What have argued that software created by the online music start-up Napster permits individuals to steal copyrighted material?
Who are able to sample and preview music before buying?
Who was of the folk-rock group?
Where did WASHINGTON _ Celebrity and politics collide Tuesday?
What emerge?
What did Hank Barry say had attracted nearly 20 million users?
Who download software over the Internet that allows them to store and catalog their music on their own computers?
What do officials for the service, and their fans, contend that it simply allows for?
What do officials for the service, and hundreds's fans, contend that the Recording Industry Association simply allows for?
What did Fred Ehrlich say will set itself right?''
Who contend that the Recording Industry Association simply allows for easy sharing and sampling of music?
Who did Hank Barry say the company's Web site had attracted?
What is the National Association of Recording Merchandisers the Recording Industry Association of?
What did Hank Barry say, ``I think''?
Who was the meeting room packed with into the hallway of the Hart Senate Building?
What was Sony Music Entertainment?
What have the Recording Industry Association of America argued that software created by the online music start-up Napster permits individuals to steal?
Who was Gene Hoffman Jr.?
What did Barry say?
Who did California Democrat Dianne Feinstein take a much harder line than?
What does WASHINGTON _ The Senate indicated Tuesday?
Who compared a musician's right to own his music to a carpenter's right to own a table he crafts?
What did the band file?
Who will invalidate the concept of paying for music?
What did Hoffman say?
What did Ulrich recount on?
What filed a lawsuit?
What did Napster chief executive Hank Barry say?
Who sharply countered, ``Sales are up''?
What do com help fuel that he said the big recording companies?
What do com help fuel a resurgence in folk music that the Byrds co-ounder McGuinn said?
What does the Senate ensure that the youth-driven trend to download music from the Internet will continue to reshape?
What does the Senate ensure?
Who did McGuinn say began recording traditional folk songs to preserve the genre and was led eventually to Internet distributor MP3 in 1994?
What are the Byrds co-ounder McGuinn essentially defeating with your technology?
What invested a penny in Metallica's music or had anything to do with its creation?
Who paid the Byrds co-ounder McGuinn ``an unheard of'' 50 percent non-exclusive royalty?
What was Gene Hoffman founder and CEO of Emusic. com of?
What was any intellectual property copyright's technology all driven under the cloak of anonymity at?
What did Hilary Rosen draw as MP3?
Who said, ``To the Byrds co-ounder McGuinn's way of thinking, Napster has found a method which entirely defeats copyright protection''?
What are you essentially defeating with your technology?
What was Hilary Rosen president of?
Who was undeterred?
What did Barry argue to?
What do the distributors say that the suits could put out of business?
Who were internet music distributors as?
Who said, ``The recording companies have ways of not paying''?
Who said that Napster's 20 million users of today ``will be 100 million tomorrow?''
What helped fuel a resurgence in folk music that the Byrds co-ounder McGuinn said the big recording companies?
What did Napster chief executive Hank Barry say gives music lovers and artists unprecedented access to each other?
What did Napster chief executive Hank Barry counter that the Web site's 20 million users have?
What even quoted Intel Chairman Andy Grove's prediction that ``the whole Internet could be rearchitected by Napster-like technology?''
What did California Democrat Dianne Feinstein take than her colleagues?
Who countered that the Web site's 20 million users have a right to ``share'' music under copyright law?
Who agreed?
Who do the distributors say the recording industry has hit with huge lawsuits on the scale of those filed against tobacco companies?
What did Gene Kan say of?''
Who was a University of California at Berkeley graduate in electrical engineering who helped develop Gnutella?
What do?
Who were such as San Mateo-based Napster?
Who contend that established industries are trying to stifle a hugely &LR; popular technology that will bring untold convenience and flexibility to consumers?
When does WASHINGTON _ The Senate indicated that it wants no part of the hottest controversy in the music business?
What are you essentially defeating any intellectual property copyright with?
What did Hoffman say that while Emusic offers lower costs _?
Who paid him ``an unheard of'' 50 percent non-exclusive royalty?
What did the committee's ranking Democrat add of?
What has the copyright dispute drawn from the software industry?
Who is essentially defeating any intellectual property copyright with your technology?
What was Gene Hoffman founder and CEO of of Redwood City?
What could you do with a movie?
What do the distributors say with?
Where was your technology all driven under the cloak of anonymity?
Who said, ``In the end, things get sorted out and new offer new opportunities for artists and more choices for consumers''?
What has the copyright dispute drawn intense lobbying in Washington from?
What do internet distributors contend that established industries are trying to stifle?
What does the copyright dispute record as Internet distribution undermines ownership of ``intellectual property'' across the spectrum of copyrighted material?
What helped fuel a resurgence in folk music that he said the big recording companies?
Who said, ``The reason the Byrds co-ounder McGuinn's stock declined 70 percent is because Napster will invalidate the concept of paying for music''?
What are the Byrds co-ounder McGuinn essentially defeating any intellectual property copyright with?
Who said he began recording traditional folk songs to preserve the genre and was led eventually to Internet distributor MP3 in 1994?
What did the band trace?
What does any intellectual property copyright's been a financial boon to copyright holders and content producers in?
What often indicate where Washington is Hatch's high-profile headed?
What does WASHINGTON _ The Senate indicated Tuesday that it wants no part of?
What did Gene Hoffman agree that the convenience will upend?
Who are essentially defeating any intellectual property copyright with your technology?
What did Hatch even quote that ``the whole Internet could be rearchitected by Napster-like technology?''
What did Ulrich compare a musician's right to own his music to a carpenter's right to own a table?
What did videotapes turn into?
What say they want to preserve copyright protections?
When did Hatch not disappoint?
What was any intellectual property copyright's technology all driven under at the other end of a server?
What do they say with?
What did Gene Kan say?''
What did Barry reply that such charges have been levelled against every technological advance, from the piano roll to radio to?
What did Barry reply that such charges have been levelled against, from the piano roll to radio to cassettes to VCRs?
Who was Gene Kan?
When did McGuinn say he began recording traditional folk songs to preserve the genre and was led eventually to Internet distributor MP3?
What traced the ``leaks'' to Napster?
What did Barry reply against?
What do internet distributors contend?
What have not come true?
Whose right to own a table did Ulrich compare a musician's right to own his music to he crafts?
What do the sharp distinction between Napster and Gnutella pay?
Whose 20 million users of today did Gene Kan say?''
Who took a much harder line than her colleagues?
Who offers?
Who do they say want to preserve copyright protections?
Who did McGuinn say to in 1994?
Who replied that such charges have been levelled against every technological advance, from the piano roll to radio to cassettes to VCRs?
What do the distributors say the recording industry has hit them with huge lawsuits on?
Who had abandoned?
Who did Ulrich compare a musician's right to own his music to a carpenter's right to own a table crafts?
What does it's been a financial boon to copyright holders and content producers in?
What do com help fuel a resurgence in folk music?
What do $8. 99 for an album _ with?
What do they say want to preserve copyright protections?
Who was founder and CEO of Emusic. com of Redwood City?
What do the distributors say that the suits could put them out of?
What did not disappoint Tuesday?
What was your technology all driven under at the other end of a server?
Who said, ``The reason my stock declined 70 percent is because Napster will invalidate the concept of paying for music''?
Who opened by accusing Napster of hijacking, piracy and theft of artistic property?
Who could do the same thing with a movie?
Who say that the suits could put them out of business?
What records companies, Hollywood studios and even book publishers as Internet distribution undermines ownership of ``intellectual property'' across the spectrum of copyrighted material?
What do the distributors say of?
What does internet distribution undermine ownership of?
Who do the distributors say that the suits could put out of business?
Whose right to own his music did Ulrich compare to a carpenter's right to own a table he crafts?
Who did Hilary Rosen draw a sharp distinction between Napster and Gnutella as?
What does any intellectual property copyright's been in every case?
Who said that while Emusic offers lower costs _ 99 cents for a single track?
What did Napster chief executive Hank Barry counter?
What did McGuinn say from?
Who say that recording studios have been reluctant to work with Web sites the studios view as competitors?
What did Hatch say?
Who did such arguments have little sway with on copyright infringement?
What did such arguments have with California Democrat Dianne Feinstein on copyright infringement?
Who charged that recording studios actually undercut artists rather than protect them?
What could the Byrds co-ounder McGuinn do the same thing with?
What does WASHINGTON _?
Who was president of the Recording Industry Association of America?
Who did the Byrds co-ounder McGuinn charge that recording studios actually undercut rather than protect them?
Whose Ulrich opened by accusing Napster of hijacking, piracy and theft of artistic property?
What was your technology all driven under the cloak of anonymity at?
What ensures that the youth-driven trend to download music from the Internet will continue to reshape the industry?
What did such arguments have little sway with California Democrat Dianne Feinstein on?
What was Gene Hoffman?
Who added that movie studios were once ``terrified'' of videotapes?
What do they say?
What turned into a major revenue stream for Hollywood?
What did the committee's ranking Democrat add that movie studios were once ``terrified'' of?
What did he say?
What will Napster invalidate?
Who predicted?
What could you do the same thing with?
What did Barry reply that such charges have been levelled against every technological advance, from to radio to cassettes to VCRs?
What did Ulrich compare to a carpenter's right to own a table he crafts?
What _ it still pays artists and cannot compete with free music?
What did Ulrich compare a musician's right to own his music to he crafts?
What does it's been in every case?
What do com help fuel that the Byrds co-ounder McGuinn said the big recording companies?
What do the distributors say has hit them with huge lawsuits on the scale of those filed against tobacco companies?
What did Barry reply that such charges have been levelled against every technological advance, from the piano roll to to cassettes to VCRs?
How many cents for a single track did Hoffman say that while Emusic offers lower costs _?
What did he say gives music lovers and artists unprecedented access to each other?
Who was the committee's ranking Democrat?
Who say the recording industry has hit them with huge lawsuits on the scale of those filed against tobacco companies?
What had little sway with California Democrat Dianne Feinstein on copyright infringement?
What was the convenience?
What was the committee's ranking Democrat Patrick Leahy of?
Who agreed that the convenience will upend the music industry's reliance on physical distribution?
What do the distributors say the recording industry has hit with huge lawsuits on the scale of those filed against tobacco companies?
What does internet distribution undermine?
What do they say they want to preserve?
Who was Patrick Leahy of Vermont?
What do $8. 99 for an album _ still pays artists and cannot compete with free music?
What does WASHINGTON _ The Senate indicated Tuesday that it wants?
What do the distributors say the recording industry has hit them with on the scale of those filed against tobacco companies?
What does WASHINGTON _ indicated Tuesday that it wants no part of the hottest controversy in the music business?
Who said, ``To my way of thinking, Napster has found a method which entirely defeats copyright protection''?
Who said he ``never saw any royalties'' from most of his work other than meager advances?
What was all driven under the cloak of anonymity at the other end of a server?
What was flexibility and infinite availability of music on the Internet?
What could the Byrds co-ounder McGuinn do with a movie?
Whose prediction did Hatch even quote that ``the whole Internet could be rearchitected by Napster-like technology?''
What pay no royalties, and such companies?
What do com help fuel a resurgence in folk music that he said?
What _ The Senate indicated Tuesday that it wants no part of the hottest controversy in the music business?
Who was Hilary Rosen?
Who said Internet distribution gives music lovers and artists unprecedented access to each other?
Who said the ``toothpaste is already out of the tube?''
Who drew a sharp distinction between Napster and Gnutella as MP3?
What did Gene Hoffman agree?
What has drawn intense lobbying in Washington from the software industry?
What's been a financial boon to copyright holders and content producers in every case?
What did Gene Kan say is already out of the tube?''
Who say they want to preserve copyright protections?
What say that recording studios have been reluctant to work with Web sites the studios view as competitors?
Where was any intellectual property copyright's technology all driven under the cloak of anonymity?
What did the Byrds co-ounder McGuinn charge?
What undermines ownership of ``intellectual property'' across the spectrum of copyrighted material?
Who said Napster users already downloaded 14,000 songs a minute?
What is not alone?
What was a behavior?
Who ruled that the explosively popular Napster service was used primarily to trade copyrighted material that Patel said Napster knew about?
What may Napster be capable of?
How many sides wielded competing studies to show Napster's impact, or lack thereof, on music sales?
Who did she say reaped economic advantage from making copies on the Napster service by getting music free they might ordinarily pay for?
Who said Napster was on pace to have 70 million users within six months?
What is San Mateo?
Who does Napster say are doing nothing wrong?
Who was Hank Barry interim chief executive of?
Who said the company would immediately appeal?
What was the Sony Corp. , Bertelsmann and other record companies represented by?
Who may set a tone for how intellectual property law is defined on the Internet?
What did she say on?
Who did Boies represent the government in its antitrust case against?
Whose impact, or lack thereof, on music sales did the two sides wield competing studies to show?
What was copyrighted material?
What has the case become for competing interests in the unresolved copyright issues on the Internet?
Who represents the rock group Metallica and the artist Dr. Dre in separate lawsuits against Napster?
What does the industry contend to they do not own?
What does Napster say therefore is doing nothing wrong?
What did the two sides wield to show Napster's impact, or lack thereof, on music sales?
What did Patel note without?
What have grown?
What asserts Napster is guilty of contributory copyright infringement from a technical legal standpoint?
What would it have?
What did Napster's lawyer say?
What does Napster say its users are doing?
Who is the Internet with?
Who was Hank Barry?
Who held an Internet Webcast to address the ruling to Napster's users?
Who does the Recording Industry Association of America assert is guilty of contributory copyright infringement from a technical legal standpoint?
Who said this injunction ``does not give legal experts any fair ability to comply''?
What have legal experts said the implications for the case extend beyond?
What have legal experts said beyond?
What do SAN FRANCISCO _ In a major victory for the recording industry, a federal judge Wednesday ordered the Napster online music service to stop permitting?
What does Napster make?
Who had asked for a bond of at least $800 million?
What is Napster?
What said it would post a $5 million bond requested by the judge against any financial losses Napster could suffer from being shut down pending the trial?
What did the recording association say it would post?
Who represented the government in its antitrust case against Microsoft?
What had Napster asked for?
What is a San Francisco-based research firm?
Who noted that none of the studies presented were ``without flaws''?
What have legal experts said extend beyond music?
Who did 22 percent of Napster users say because of?
Who said this injunction ``does not give us any fair ability to comply''?
How many people does the company say have downloaded its software?
Who was a Los Angeles-based Internet service?
Who told the judge, ``This is the most egregious case of massive copyright infringement that has ever existed''?
Who said that because of Napster, they did not buy CDs any more or they bought fewer CDs?
What does Napster say the recording industry and the movie industry's users are doing?
What wielded competing studies to show Napster's impact, or lack thereof, on music sales?
What are Napster users engaging en masse in?
Who then can listen to or download music kept on others ' computers?
Who said the users reaped economic advantage from making copies on the Napster service by getting music free they might ordinarily pay for?
Who was represented by the recording association?
What did David Boies say that Napster did not have?
Who are engaging en masse in a practice that has been permitted all along _ the copying of music and other media for personal use?
What did David Boies say?
What does Howard King represent?
What are they engaging en masse in?
What did the two sides wield competing studies to show?
What does the company say?
What did the lawyers say Napster users already downloaded?
What does the Recording Industry Association of America assert Napster is guilty of contributory copyright infringement from?
What are engaging en masse in a practice that has been permitted all along _ the copying of music and other media for personal use?
What does the industry contend that Napster has built a business by encouraging individual users to share files of music?
Who said the decision could effectively shut down the service?
What does the Recording Industry Association of America assert Napster is guilty of from a technical legal standpoint?
Who said, ``This sends the message to others who are building businesses based on other people's copyrighted works without permission''?
What did the recording association say?
Who was a record label lawyer?
What may Napster be?
Who was the lead lawyer for Napster?
Who says the recording industry and the movie industry's users are doing nothing wrong?
What will continue pending trial?
Who was general counsel for the Recording Industry Association of America?
What is with lawyers, consumers, policy-makers and entrepreneurs watching closely?
When did the legal battle over Napster begin when Time Warner Inc. sued the service for copyright infringement?
What contends that Napster has built a business by encouraging individual users to share files of music they do not own?
Who said, ``From the judge's language, this was not a close call''?
What do SAN FRANCISCO _ In?
Who concluded that Napster users were engaged in ``wholesale infringing?''
Who was Time Warner Inc.?
Who did not accept the argument?
Who did Hank Barry hold to address the ruling to Napster's users?
What has the case become the rallying point for?
What did he say that Napster did not have?
What filed a lawsuit seeking to shut down Scour Exchange download music and video files?
What did the recording industry and the movie industry file?
Who did Russell Frackman tell, ``This is the most egregious case of massive copyright infringement that has ever existed''?
Who did lawyers for the recording industry say was on pace to have 70 million users within six months?
Who said this injunction ``does not give us any fair ability to still operate''?
What does Napster say therefore it is doing?
Who says therefore the recording industry and the movie industry is doing nothing wrong?
Whose users did Hank Barry hold an Internet Webcast to address the ruling to?
What was Scour Exchange?
What would a preliminary injunction have?
How many songs a minute did the lawyers say Napster users already downloaded?
What does the company say 20 million people have downloaded?
Who said that an injunction should not be granted because it would have the side effect of impinging on Napster's uses that do not infringe on copyrights?
What did Napster's lawyer say the decision could effectively shut down?
What did Chief Judge Marilyn Patel of U. S. District Court in San Francisco say on?
What says 20 million people have downloaded its software?
What is like Gnutella?
Who did Hank Barry hold an Internet Webcast to address the ruling to?
What did Patel note that none of the studies presented were ``without''?
Who called the decision a ``huge win?''
Who does the industry contend that Napster has built a business by encouraging individual users to share files of music do not own?
What did Patel conclude?''
What may legal experts set for how intellectual property law is defined on the Internet?
What does the company say have downloaded its software?
What is scheduled to take effect at midnight Friday?
When did lawyers for the recording industry say?
Who said this injunction ``does not give legal experts any fair ability to still operate''?
Who was Cary Sherman?
Who said, ``A majority of Napster users use the service to download and upload copyrighted music''?
What did he say?
What does the Recording Industry Association of America assert of from a technical legal standpoint?
What has become the rallying point for competing interests in the unresolved copyright issues on the Internet?
Who was David Boies?
What is Calif.?
What does Napster say therefore the recording industry and the movie industry is doing?
Who is a year-old company based in San Mateo?
What does Napster say?
Who was interim chief executive of Napster?
What did Boies say?
What did Boies represent the government in against Microsoft?
Who was Russell Frackman?
What represents major record labels?
What did Napster's lawyer say could effectively shut down the service?
When did lawyers for the recording industry say Napster was to have 70 million users within six months?
What declared the decision a major and complete victory?
Who says its users are doing nothing wrong?
Who have said the implications for the case extend beyond music?
What does the Recording Industry Association of America represent?
Who suggested that by the time of the trial, more work on the effect of Napster would have to be done?
What did Hank Barry hold an Internet Webcast to address to Napster's users?
What did Patel not accept?
What did she say the users reaped from making copies on the Napster service by getting music free they might ordinarily pay for?
What will the injunction continue pending?
Who concluded that the users were not engaged in ``typical personal use of music copies?''
Who says therefore it is doing nothing wrong?
When did Patel suggest that, more work on the effect of Napster would have to be done?
What began in December when Time Warner Inc. sued the service for copyright infringement?
Who is sharing like?
Who did the lawyers say already downloaded 14,000 songs a minute?
Who was the Sony Corp. , Bertelsmann and other record companies?
What did Patel conclude that the users were not engaged in?''
What did the lawyers say?
What does the industry contend that Napster has built a business by encouraging individual users to share files of music do not own?
Who asserted?
What did David Boies say would immediately appeal?
Who may be capable of some other things?
Whose lawyer said the decision could effectively shut down the service?
When did Patel suggest?
What does the industry contend that Napster has built by encouraging individual users to share files of music they do not own?
What is the Field Research Corp.?
What would have the side effect of impinging on Napster's uses that do not infringe on copyrights?
What did Chief Judge Marilyn Patel of U. S. District Court in San Francisco rule?
What did Boies represent in its antitrust case against Microsoft?
Who makes software that allows computer users to download free software that in turn lets them post the lists of music files they store on their own computers?
What did Patel conclude in?''
What the more impossible will be for us and?
What did Patel say admit the program was designed to share ``pirated'' versions of copyright-protected songs?
Who does not do anything?
What can easily search for any MP3-formated song stored on the computer hard drives of other Napster users?
Who Patel's injunction orders to prevent members from swapping songs controlled by the record companies that filed the suit?
What do we understand?
Who said they will appeal as early as Thursday to keep Napster online?
What relied on legal precedents set by previous court decisions that allowed VCR owners to copy movies?
What does it's like?
What sets the tone for how the established entertainment industries deal with the increasing problem of Internet users using file-sharing programs like Napster?
What does the Recording Industry Association of America estimate in?
Who was 21?
Who drew the ire of the ruling's fans by filing its own suit against Napster for allowing the band's songs to be freely swapped?
Who claim the ruling could be a death blow to its fledgling business because its program cannot distinguish legal from illegal songs?
What did Patel say, ``They created the monster; I guess''?
What rejected all of Napster's legal arguments?
Who said, ``The liability issue against Napster was very clear''?
Who said Napster would grow to 75 million users downloading billions of songs by the end of the year if left unchecked?
What has Napster now also become popular with?
Who did Ulrich say in a telephone interview from New York with, ``the right of what happens to my music was taken away from me''?
What will the more impossible this be for and?
Who ordered the Internet service to halt all illegal song swapping by midnight Friday?
What did David Boies say Napster will have to shut down if a higher court does not grant a stay of the injunction?
Who is also the subject of another copyright infringement suit?
What did Napster executives say will appeal as early as Thursday to keep Napster online?
What were selected?
What is originally written by a 19-year-old college student?
What did Boies argue to?
Who is considered a fad among teens and college students?
What's going to be a whole different ballgame to police?
Whose interim CEO Hank Barry do Napster executives disagree with?
Who is Napster considered a fad among?
What had already started moving to other file-sharing programs such as Gnutella, iMesh and Scour by the motion picture industry?
What did the recording industry complain that the ability to download free songs threatens to undermine?
What did she also shoot down?
What will have to embrace this technology before it loses total control over it?
What did the recording industry complain?
What did Napster user Hidehiro Beppu study math at?
Who was drummer for the rock band Metallica?
What did Napster user Hidehiro Beppu study at the University of California at Berkeley?
Whose interim CEO Hank Barry said moments after the verdict, ``Napster executives are surprised and disappointed''?
What offers links through outside servers in case Napster is forced to shut down its own servers?
What orders Napster to prevent members from swapping songs controlled by the record companies that filed the suit?
What did Patel say e-mail messages by Napster's own founders admit?
Who does &UR; http://opennap. sourceforge. net &LR; offer links through Napster is forced to shut down its own servers?
Who said Napster will have to shut down the service if a higher court does not grant a stay of the injunction?
Who was partner at Kenyon & Kenyon in Wash.?
Who slapped Napster Inc. with a preliminary injunction Wednesday?
What does that's going to be to police?
What did U. S. District Court Judge Marilyn Hall Patel rule?
What did Patel say with?
What estimates that Napster has already cost more than $300 million in lost sales?
Whose legal arguments did U. S. District Court Judge Marilyn Hall Patel reject all of?
What ruled that the program is primarily a conduit for ``wholesale infringing'' of copyright laws?
Whose interim CEO Hank Barry said moments after the verdict, ``We are surprised and disappointed''?
What did Patel flatly reject?
What have technicians not devised?
What do officials with the San Mateo startup claim the ruling could be because its program cannot distinguish legal from illegal songs?
What does that's going to be to enforce?
Who also said it is protected by provisions of the 1992 Audio Home Recording Act and the Digital Millennium Copyright Act of 1998?
What did Los Angeles attorney Russell Frackman say Napster would grow to 75 million users downloading billions of by the end of the year if left unchecked?
What is Gnutella, iMesh and Scour also the subject of?
Who has now also become popular with people of all ages?
Who did Los Angeles attorney Russell Frackman say Napster would grow to downloading billions of songs by the end of the year if left unchecked?
What did Los Angeles attorney Russell Frackman represent?
What is Gnutella, iMesh and Scour also?
Who did Patel say the injunction will force to come up with a method?
Who estimates there are 20 million users of the program?
Whose defense team headed by Boies, who led the U. S. government's recent successful antitrust prosecution of Microsoft, did Napster also say by?
Who said e-mail messages by Napster's own founders admit the program was designed to share ``pirated'' versions of copyright-protected songs?
Whose defense team headed by Boies relied on legal precedents set by previous court decisions that allowed VCR owners to copy movies?
Who did a San Francisco judge slap with a preliminary injunction Wednesday?
What did Metallica draw by filing its own suit against Napster for allowing the band's songs to be freely swapped?
When did Napster's interim CEO Hank Barry say after the verdict, ``Napster executives are surprised and disappointed''?
What did more than 150 lawyers have to watch the proceedings on in an adjoining courtroom?
What cannot distinguish legal from illegal songs?
Who do Napster executives disagree with?
What did U. S. District Court Judge Marilyn Hall Patel rule that the program is primarily?
Who did Los Angeles attorney Russell Frackman say would grow to 75 million users downloading billions of songs by the end of the year if left unchecked?
Who will the more impossible it be for and?
What did Patel say the injunction will force to come up with a method?
What can the ruling's program not distinguish legal from?
What do officials with the San Mateo startup claim from?
What do Napster executives not believe?
Who did Napster executives say will appeal as early as Thursday to keep Napster online?
What do we disagree with?
Who flatly rejected those arguments?
Who have not devised a way to separate which songs are legal?
How many users of the program does Napster estimate there are?
What will the record industry have to embrace before it loses total control over it?
What does the ruling set?
Who said in a telephone interview from New York with Napster, ``the right of what happens to my music was taken away from me''?
Whose ruling is historic because it sets the tone for how the established entertainment industries deal with the increasing problem of Internet users using file-sharing programs like Napster?
Who were more than 150 lawyers?
What's going to be a whole different ballgame to enforce?
What did David Boies say?
What does &UR; http://opennap. sourceforge. net &LR; offer links through outside servers in case?
What are the songs copied from to another?
What called Napster ``the definitive killer application for the online music industry?''
Who argued that the injunction is unfair to Napster because technicians have not devised a way to separate which songs are legal?
What did the recording industry complain that the ability to download free songs threatens to undermine the very core of?
What did Los Angeles attorney Russell Frackman say Napster would grow to 75 million users downloading by the end of the year if left unchecked?
What are other file sharing programs like Gnutella that are not controlled by any one company going to be harder to?
What do Napster executives understand?
What does Napster estimate?
What do web sites like &UR; www. angrycoffee. com &LR; offer?
What did Patel issue at the end of a 21\/2 hour hearing?
What did Napster also say it is protected by?
What's like people giving it to friends?
What was the trade group representing the top five record labels that sued Napster for copyright infringement in December?
What have technicians not devised a way to separate?
Who issued her much-anticipated ruling at the end of a 21\/2 hour hearing?
What does the Recording Industry Association of America estimate that Napster has already cost in lost sales?
What did Napster's defense team headed by Boies rely on?
Who does &UR; http://opennap. sourceforge. net &LR; offer links through outside servers in case is forced to shut down its own servers?
What is likely to disappoint millions of Napster fans who use the Internet program to trade free music with each other?
Who was general counsel for the Recording Industry Association of America?
When is the program first released?
What can its program not distinguish legal from?
What did Patel issue her much-anticipated ruling at?
How many lawyers were online music company executives and Napster fans?
What did more than 150 lawyers have to watch the proceedings on closed circuit television in?
What does this technology lose?
What was packed?
Who does the Napster software link to various servers run by Napster Inc.?
What can people easily search for?
Who did Napster executives say they will appeal as early as Thursday to keep online?
What do officials with the San Mateo startup claim could be a death blow to its fledgling business because its program cannot distinguish legal from illegal songs?
Who is Shawn Fanning?
What was Lars Ulrich especially pleased by?
What is Napster considered among teens and college students?
What did Los Angeles attorney Russell Frackman say Napster would grow to 75 million users downloading billions of songs by if left unchecked?
What are copied from one computer to another?
What did Boies argue that the injunction is unfair to Napster because technicians have not devised a way to separate?
What have extended the Napster ``peer-to-peer'' file-sharing concept to digital pictures and first-run movies?
Who said the injunction will force them to come up with a method?
When did Napster executives say?
What did Patel say appeared ``late''?
Who does Napster estimate there are?
Whose injunction orders Napster to prevent members from swapping songs controlled by the record companies that filed the suit?
Who said moments after the verdict, ``Napster executives are surprised and disappointed''?
What did a San Francisco judge slap Napster Inc. with?
Who had to watch the proceedings on closed circuit television in an adjoining courtroom?
Who were journalists?
Who understand the ruling and the basis for it?
When did Napster's interim CEO Hank Barry say after the verdict, ``We are surprised and disappointed''?
What did Boies lead?
Who do Napster executives not believe are acting illegally?
What did Napster's interim CEO Hank Barry say moments after, ``Napster executives are surprised and disappointed''?
What is bogus?
What did Patel say e-mail messages by Napster's own founders admit was designed to share ``pirated'' versions of copyright-protected songs?
Who was Cary Sherman?
What did Napster also say Napster's defense team headed by Boies, who led the U. S. government's recent successful antitrust prosecution of Microsoft, is protected by?
What did Metallica draw the ire of by filing its own suit against Napster for allowing the band's songs to be freely swapped?
What's like people copying music on tapes?
What is first released in August 1999?
Who drew the ire of its fans by filing its own suit against Napster for allowing the band's songs to be freely swapped?
When did Napster executives say they will appeal as early to keep Napster online?
What did a San Francisco judge order to halt all illegal song swapping by midnight Friday?
Who said, ``This is the most egregious case of mass copyright infringement that has ever existed''?
Who do not believe Napster users are acting illegally?
What did Ulrich say in with Napster, ``the right of what happens to my music was taken away from me''?
What does this's like?
What did more than 150 lawyers have to watch on closed circuit television in an adjoining courtroom?
What did Napster also say by?
What does Napster estimate there are 20 million users of?
What was Napster user Hidehiro Beppu?
What links users to various servers run by Napster Inc.?
What could be used to swap electronic books and computer software?
What do we not believe?
What offer more alternatives?
Who do we not believe are acting illegally?
What did Patel say?
How many lawyers had to watch the proceedings on closed circuit television in an adjoining courtroom?
Who was Lars Ulrich?
What is historic because it sets the tone for how the established entertainment industries deal with the increasing problem of Internet users using file-sharing programs like Napster?
What does it set?
What are going to be harder to control?
Who did David Boies say will have to shut down the service if a higher court does not grant a stay of the injunction?
What goes on?
What does it lose?
Who disagree with Napster's interim CEO Hank Barry?
Who studied math at the University of California at Berkeley?
Who said that argument appeared ``late''?
What does &UR; http://opennap. sourceforge. net &LR; offer through outside servers in case Napster is forced to shut down its own servers?
What did Patel say will force them to come up with a method?
What does the Recording Industry Association of America estimate that Napster has already cost more than $300 million in?
Whose small courtroom was packed?
Who does the Napster software link users to?
Who were online music company executives and Napster fans?
What did Patel say the injunction will force them to come up with?
What are the songs copied from one computer to?
Who was also disappointed?
Who said, ``They created the monster; I guess that's the consequences they face''?
What did Napster's interim CEO Hank Barry say moments after, ``We are surprised and disappointed''?
What does Napster not do?
What did U. S. District Court Judge Marilyn Hall Patel reject?
Who is the 19-year-old college student?
What did U. S. District Court Judge Marilyn Hall Patel reject all of?
What have other programs like Gnutella, Freenet and Scour extended the Napster ``peer-to-peer'' file-sharing concept to?
Who is the Napster program originally written by?
Who did Los Angeles attorney Russell Frackman say to?
What have other programs like Gnutella, Freenet and Scour extended to digital pictures and first-run movies?
Who led the U. S. government's recent successful antitrust prosecution of Microsoft?
Who did Boies lead the U. S. government's recent successful antitrust prosecution of?
Who was especially pleased by the ruling?
Who Patel's injunction orders Napster to prevent from swapping songs controlled by the record companies that filed the suit?
Who was Brian Mudge?
What did a San Francisco judge order the Internet service to halt?
How many lawyers were journalists?
What did Napster also say is protected by provisions of the 1992 Audio Home Recording Act and the Digital Millennium Copyright Act of 1998?
What the more impossible will be for there and?
Who represented the recording companies?
Who said moments after the verdict, ``We are surprised and disappointed''?
Who understand the ruling and the basis for Napster's interim CEO Hank Barry?
What loses total control over it?
What was the Recording Industry Association of America?
What did Boies argue that the injunction is unfair to because technicians have not devised a way to separate which songs are legal?
Who disagree with it?
What had Napster fans already started moving to other file-sharing programs such as Gnutella, iMesh and Scour by?
Where did Patel issue her much-anticipated ruling?
Who said he downloaded about 75 songs in all?
What said it was fruitless to try to stop the downloading of music?
When did the Recording Industry Association of America accuse of creating a musical black market online?
Who also sued?
What was Napster?
What did local punk-rockers _ sounded off about the judge's ruling and the future of music?
Who said no specific numbers were available?
What is all of this?
Who did they get in as Napster's hours quickly dwindled Thursday?
Whose ruling and the future of music did local punk-rockers _ about?
Who said, ``a recent study of more than 2,200 online music fans by New York-based Jupiter Communications helps promote the band''?
Who planned on getting a few more before it was too late?
What estimates that song-swapping via Napster by an estimated 20 million people worldwide has cost the music industry more than $300 million in lost sales?
What was down because of ``unprecedented traffic volume following the Napster decision''?
What did he 'd hoped could give the band a boost?
Who did the Recording Industry Association of America sue in December?
What does Napster allow Internet users to download?
What was Michael Pruszynski?
Who did he say 'd downloaded several songs by Thursday afternoon since hearing the news?
Who gives him access to hard-to-find songs you cannot get from the radio or many record stores?
Who did Area record vendors say could actually help business by exposing listeners to music they otherwise would not be interested in?
Who was not caught napping?
When did Napster's hours quickly dwindle?
Who did he say 'd gotten used to Napster and was hesitant to turn elsewhere?
What did the Recording Industry Association of America accuse of creating a musical black market online?
Who was Tracy Mlakar?
Who said, ``The genie was already out of the bottle anyway''?
What did 15-year-old Jamie Warren say he 'd downloaded by Thursday afternoon since hearing the news?
Who said of the site, ``It allowed us to get a lot of stuff for free''?
Who allows Internet users to store their music on the site?
What does Steve Rullman run _ thehoneycomb. com _ that lets users to listen to new bands of all types?
Who did local punk-rockers get in as Napster's hours quickly dwindled Thursday?
Where are the songs listed?
What offer similar services?
What did people familiar with the music industry locally say was fruitless to try to stop the downloading of music?
Who got in some last-minute downloading as Napster's hours quickly dwindled Thursday?
Who granted an injunction Wednesday that would effectively shut down Napster Friday night for infringing on copyrights?
Who was 32?
What did local punk-rockers _ about?
Who goes by the name?
What was too late?
Who did Napster say to?
What does Steve Rullman run a locally based Web site _ thehoneycomb. com _ that lets users to listen to?
Who was a high-profile venue?
When did 15-year-old Jamie Warren say he 'd downloaded several songs since hearing the news?
What did local punk-rockers _ they all sounded off about?
Who was online?
Whose hours quickly dwindled Thursday?
Who runs a locally based Web site _ thehoneycomb. com _ that lets users to listen to new bands of all types?
When did Napster's lawyers argue?
Who have to look ahead?
Who were folk-lovers?
What suggests that users of music-sharing programs are 45 percent more likely to increase their music purchasing than fans who are not trading digital bootlegs online?
Who did Napster say 'd gotten used to Napster and was hesitant to turn elsewhere?
Whose file-sharing was down because of ``unprecedented traffic volume following the Napster decision''?
What was Gnutella's file-sharing down because of?
Who does a recent study of more than 2,200 online music fans by New York-based Jupiter Communications suggest than?
Who said, ``We 're elated''?
What does Michael Pruszynski own?
What did Napster's lawyers ask to stay the order?
Who do not know why this whole stupid thing and complaining have to complain about complaining?
What was the Napster site especially susceptible to because the songs are listed on the site?
What did Napster's lawyers ask the 9th U. S. Circuit Court of Appeals to stay?
What accused December of creating a musical black market online?
Who can also share music tastes with each other in chat rooms?
What does Napster allow Internet users to store on the site?
What did Uribe say, ``we said, ` We 've got to get on we 've got to get all''?
Who 'll use other sites that offer downloads?
What did U. S. District Judge Marilyn Hall Patel say against?
Who said he 'd gotten used to Napster and was hesitant to turn elsewhere?
What are listed on the site?
What did Uribe say he downloaded in all?
Who does Napster allow to store their music on the site?
What got in some last-minute downloading as Napster's hours quickly dwindled Thursday?
Whose lawyers argued that the decision would bring down the company and force it to lay off its 40 employees within days?
What was Steve Rullman?
What were local punk-rockers?
Who does not know why they have to complain about it?
What 'll Napster use?
When did Michael Pruszynski say?
What does Lake Worth go by?
When was Uribe at work as a computer systems engineer in Fort Lauderdale?
Who was at work as a computer systems engineer in Fort Lauderdale at the time?
Who was ``www. napster. com'' _?
What did U. S. District Judge Marilyn Hall Patel say was encouraging ``wholesale infringing'' against industry copyrights and would likely lose at trial?
What did Metallica drummer Lars Ulrich 'd hoped?
What sued Napster in December?
Who said, ``We found out immediately''?
When quickly dwindled Thursday?
What did a judge hearing a lawsuit filed by the recording industry grant an injunction Wednesday on?
What did U. S. District Judge Marilyn Hall Patel note by?
Who asked the 9th U. S. Circuit Court of Appeals to stay the order?
What did Uribe say in all?
Who gives 15-year-old Jamie Warren access to hard-to-find songs you cannot get from the radio or many record stores?
Who 'd hoped some free samples on Napster could give the band a boost?
Who does Napster allow to download their own tunes _ for nothing?
When did 15-year-old Jamie Warren say?
What did he say of, ``It allowed us to get a lot of stuff for free''?
Who does Steve Rullman run a locally based Web site _ thehoneycomb. com _ that lets to listen to new bands of all types?
When did Michael Pruszynski say that may be true only?
Who argued that the decision would bring down the company and force it to lay off its 40 employees within days?
What did Area record vendors say to?
When did he say he 'd downloaded several songs since hearing the news?
What are the songs listed on?
What did Tracy Mlakar say were reported?
What does Napster allow Internet users to store their music on?
Who allows Internet users to download their own tunes _ for nothing?
What did Area record vendors say the online downloading could actually help business by exposing listeners to music?
What does Steve Rullman run a locally based Web site _ thehoneycomb. com _ to?
Who said the online downloading could actually help business by exposing listeners to music they otherwise would not be interested in?
What was Uribe at as a computer systems engineer in Fort Lauderdale at the time?
What users can also share with each other in chat rooms?
What is a real drag to 15-year-old Jamie Warren?
Who owns Music-X-Change in Jupiter?
Who did he say to?
What does the association estimate?
Who said, ``they have millions of dollars so I do not know why they have to complain about it''?
Who did 15-year-old Jamie Warren say 'd downloaded several songs by Thursday afternoon since hearing the news?
Whose lawyers asked the 9th U. S. Circuit Court of Appeals to stay the order?
Who has to look ahead?
What 'll he use?
What users can also share music tastes with in chat rooms?
Who did Uribe say downloaded about 75 songs in all?
What did he 'd hoped?
What did Uribe say he downloaded about 75 songs in?
Who said he 'd downloaded several songs by Thursday afternoon since hearing the news?
Who said that may be true for the near future only?
Where does Napster allow Internet users to store their music?
Who said the San Mateo, Calif. -based company was encouraging ``wholesale infringing'' against industry copyrights and would likely lose at trial?
What do gnutella. wego. com and scour. com offer?
What did people familiar with the music industry locally say?
Who was Uribe at work as at the time?
What was the next address Uribe typed in?
Who said, ``It helps promote the band''?
What did Tracy Mlakar say were available?
Whose ruling and the future of music did local punk-rockers _ they all sounded off about?
Who said, ``we said, ` We 've got to get on we 've got to get all that we can right now''?
What _ they all sounded off about the judge's ruling and the future of music?
How many songs did Uribe say he downloaded in all?
What did Area record vendors say the online downloading could actually help by exposing listeners to music they otherwise would not be interested in?
What did Napster's lawyers ask the 9th U. S. Circuit Court of to stay the order?
What does Steve Rullman run a locally based Web site to?
What was especially susceptible to a court ruling because the songs are listed on the site?
What did he say he 'd downloaded by Thursday afternoon since hearing the news?
What noted that 70 million people were expected to be using Napster by year's end unless the service is halted?
Who said, ``local punk-rockers 're elated''?
What did Metallica drummer Lars Ulrich 'd hoped could give the band a boost?
Who said no system problems were reported?
Who was spokeswoman for San Mateo, Calif. -based Napster?
What did Tracy Mlakar say had increased traffic Thursday?
What were classic-rock buffs?
Who said the site had increased traffic Thursday?
What does Steve Rullman run a locally based Web site _ that lets users to listen to new bands of all types?
What accused it of creating a musical black market online?
When did the Recording Industry Association of America sue Napster?
When did he say?
What users can also share music tastes with each other in chat?
Who said, ``Metallica started this whole stupid thing and complaining''?
Who yes knows that Napster alternatives like Gnutella and Freenet ensure that the music thefts will continue?
If Daddy 'd been busted, who somehow doubts that any major corporations would have come to his defense?
Who did US District Judge Marilyn Patel order to stop last month's users from trafficking in copyrighted music?
Who often entertained cops at his secondhand store on the west side of Chicago?
Who did not go with them?
Who do these three groups represent among the record companies?
Who issued a sweeping injunction against Napster without paying for millions of music lovers at the behest of the recording industry?
Who did she order to stop its users from trafficking in copyrighted music?
Who does the fact that this restriction threatens the company's doom tell all you need to know?
What stayed Patel's order?
What did an Appeals Court stay?
What do both groups say?
What's a telling argument that suffers from a single flaw _ Patel did not try to ban Napster?
What did US District Judge Marilyn Patel order Napster to stop last month's users from in copyrighted music?
What did Patel agree with music me _ that Napster's primary business is the facilitation of?
What can he be reached by at brayglobe. com?
What did my late father often entertain cops at on the west side of Chicago?
What do they warn?
What can &QL; Hiawatha Bray be reached by at brayglobe. com?
Who assumes he was clean very clever?
What do they warn that corporations may use the Napster ruling to limit?
What swap digital copies of their favorite tunes at Napster?
What do both groups warn that corporations may use to limit online criticism of their products?
What did Daddy not go with?
If Daddy 'd been busted, what do I somehow doubt to?
What do millions of music lovers swap at Napster?
What does it's a tacit admission of the obvious _ the Napster business model is about?
What did the court rule that even if VCRs could be used to steal the studios ' intellectual property, the devices also had in 1984?
Who do I assume was clean very clever?
What do yes Daddy know?
If he 'd been busted, what do I somehow doubt to?
What does the fact that this restriction threatens the company's doom's a tacit admission of the obvious _ about?
What does the fact that this restriction threatens the company's doom's a tacit admission of the obvious _ is all about trading in stolen goods?
Who 're upset about people stealing it?
Who have friends in high places?
What do yes I know?
What popped in to make sure he was not peddling stolen goods?
What warn that corporations may use the Napster ruling to limit online criticism of their products?
If Daddy 'd been busted, what do I somehow doubt that any major corporations would have come to?
Who ordered Napster to stop last month's users from trafficking in copyrighted music?
What did Patel agree with music Daddy _ that Napster's primary business is the facilitation of?
Who do these three groups represent most of the world's biggest providers of computer hardware and software, home electronics gear, and Internet services among?
What is Napster?
What has the Association of American Physicians & Surgeons filed in the case?
If he 'd been busted, who somehow doubts that any major corporations would have come to his defense?
What does both groups's argument take aim at?
What did the court rule in 1984?
Who can be reached by e-mail at brayglobe. com?
What did Patel agree with music?
What represent most of the world's biggest providers of computer hardware and software, home electronics gear, and Internet services among them?
Who did she order Napster to stop from trafficking in copyrighted music?
What does the fact that this restriction threatens the company's doom's a tacit admission of the obvious _ the Napster business model is about?
What is Eagle Forum?
What takes aim at the heart of Patel's ruling?
Who warn that corporations may use the Napster ruling to limit online criticism of their products?
What do these three groups represent most of the world's biggest providers of computer hardware and software, home electronics gear, and Internet services among?
What would therefore be foolish to ban the technology altogether?
What do millions of music lovers swap digital copies of their favorite tunes at?
How many groups represent most of the world's biggest providers of computer hardware and software, home electronics gear, and Internet services among the record companies?
Who did not go with cops?
What do they warn that corporations may use the Napster ruling to limit online criticism of?
Who do these three groups represent most of among the record companies?
Who yes know that Napster alternatives like Gnutella and Freenet ensure that the music thefts will continue?
What comes from a powerful coalition of technology firms _ the Consumer Electronics Association, the Digital Future Coalition, and the Computer & Communications Industry Association?
What does it's a tacit admission of the obvious _ is all about trading in stolen goods?
What does both groups's argument take at the heart of Patel's ruling?
What did US District Judge Marilyn Patel issue a sweeping injunction against Napster without paying for them at?
What would launch a trade in illegally copied movie and TV programs that would cost the studios billions?
What tells Daddy all you need to know?
What can he be reached by e-mail at?
What does Jaszi insist it does not exactly amount to a ringing defense of Napster _ ``The brief certainly does not say''?
What did Patel agree with music Daddy _?
What does the fact that this restriction threatens the company's doom's the Napster business model is all about trading in stolen goods?
What does it's a tacit admission of the obvious _ about?
What is a conservative group best known for a friend-of-the-court brief's successful campaign against the Equal Rights Amendment?
What do both groups warn?
What has begun to rally around the company?
What are the record companies not complaining about?
How many groups represent most of the world's biggest providers of computer hardware and software, home electronics gear, and Internet services among them?
What does Jaszi insist a friend-of-the-court brief does not exactly amount to ``The brief certainly does not say that Napster should win or Napster should lose''?
What did US District Judge Marilyn Patel issue a sweeping injunction against Napster without paying for millions of music lovers at?
What does it's the Napster business model is all about trading in stolen goods?
Where do millions of music lovers swap digital copies of their favorite tunes?
What gave Napster's stunned legal team an opportunity to recoup?
Who left?
What does the movie moguls alleged were a license to steal?
Who agreed with music industry executives _?
Who issued a sweeping injunction against Napster without paying for them at the behest of the recording industry?
What do both groups say menaces the free exchange of ideas over the Internet?
What does an Appeals Court's?
What does Jaszi insist a friend-of-the-court brief does not exactly amount to a ringing defense of Napster _ ``The brief certainly does not say''?
Who is a member of the Globe staff?
What do both groups say the Napster injunction menaces the free exchange of?
What does US District Judge Marilyn Patel's ruling leave free to offer its service to those who trade in legal copies of digital music?
When did the court rule that even if VCRs could be used to steal the studios ' intellectual property, the devices also had many legitimate uses?
What does their argument take aim at?
What do yes I know that Napster alternatives like Gnutella and Freenet ensure?
Who do some purveyors of stolen goods have?
What is a conservative group best known for its successful campaign against the Equal Rights Amendment?
What does the movie moguls alleged the Betamax machines were?
What does Jaszi insist it does not exactly amount to ``The brief certainly does not say that Napster should win or Napster should lose''?
What do both groups warn that corporations may use the Napster ruling to limit online criticism of?
What did she order Napster to stop its users from in copyrighted music?
Whose order did an Appeals Court stay?
What would people launch?
What does a rather more serious objection to Patel's ruling come from?
What did my late father often entertain cops at his secondhand store on?
What has the Association of American Physicians & Surgeons filed a friend-of-the-court brief in?
Who was Peter Jaszi?
Who do these three groups represent among them?
Who sued Sony Corp. for mass producing its Betamax home video recorders in 1981?
What tells you all you need to know?
Whose primary business did Patel agree with music Daddy _?
What do both groups warn that corporations may use the Napster ruling to limit?
What say the Napster injunction menaces the free exchange of ideas over the Internet?
What do millions of music lovers swap digital copies of at Napster?
What does it's a tacit admission of the Napster business model is all about trading in stolen goods?
What left?
What are not complaining about people who post scathing reviews of the new Metallica album?
What is &QL; Hiawatha Bray a member of?
Who did Universal Studios and Walt Disney Studios sue for mass producing its Betamax home video recorders in 1981?
Whose primary business did Patel agree with music me _?
Who ordered Napster to stop its users from trafficking in copyrighted music?
What agreed?
What do both groups say the Napster injunction menaces?
What did US District Judge Marilyn Patel issue without paying for millions of music lovers at the behest of the recording industry?
What's a tacit admission of the obvious _ the Napster business model is all about trading in stolen goods?
Who do these three groups represent most of among them?
What ruled that even if VCRs could be used to steal the studios ' intellectual property, the devices also had many legitimate uses in 1984?
What did US District Judge Marilyn Patel order Napster to stop last month's users from trafficking in?
What does her ruling leave free to offer its service to those who trade in legal copies of digital music?
What did Universal Studios and Walt Disney Studios sue Sony Corp. for mass producing in 1981?
When did Universal Studios and Walt Disney Studios sue Sony Corp. for mass producing its Betamax home video recorders?
What 're upset about people stealing the outcome?
What represent most of the world's biggest providers of computer hardware and software, home electronics gear, and Internet services among the record companies?
What did Patel agree with industry executives _?
What thunders?
What moguls alleged the Betamax machines were a license to steal?
Who did Daddy not go with?
What does it's?
Who was a law professor at American University?
Whose primary business did Patel agree with music?
Who did US District Judge Marilyn Patel order Napster to stop from trafficking in copyrighted music?
What did Peter Jaszi help write?
What do they warn that corporations may use to limit online criticism of their products?
What did US District Judge Marilyn Patel issue without paying for them at the behest of the recording industry?
What is &QL; Hiawatha Bray?
What did Patel agree with music Daddy _ that Napster's primary business is?
Where did my late father often entertain cops at his secondhand store?
Who did Patel agree with music _?
What did Patel agree with Daddy _ that Napster's primary business is the facilitation of thievery?
What can &QL; Hiawatha Bray be reached by e-mail at?
What does their argument take at the heart of Patel's ruling?
What has filed a friend-of-the-court brief in the case?
Who agreed with music Daddy _ that Napster's primary business is the facilitation of thievery?
What stepped in?
Who popped in to make sure he was not peddling stolen goods?
Who is the Internet music-swapping company?
What did Universal Studios and Walt Disney Studios sue Sony Corp. for producing its Betamax home video recorders in 1981?
Who did Patel agree with music _ that Napster's primary business is the facilitation of thievery?
What does the fact that this restriction threatens the company's doom's a tacit admission of the Napster business model is all about trading in stolen goods?
What did Patel agree with music me _ that Napster's primary business is?
What do I assume?
If he 'd been busted, what do I somehow doubt that any major corporations would have come to?
What has an extraordinary group of Napster sympathizers begun to rally around?
What do yes Daddy know that Napster alternatives like Gnutella and Freenet ensure?
Whose ruling leaves the company free to offer its service to those who trade in legal copies of digital music?
Who agreed with music me _ that Napster's primary business is the facilitation of thievery?
What 're upset about people stealing it?
What leaves the company free to offer its service to those who trade in legal copies of digital music?
Who helped write this amicus brief?
What did she order Napster to stop its users from trafficking in?
What did Patel agree with me _ that Napster's primary business is the facilitation of thievery?
Who did my late father often entertain at his secondhand store on the west side of Chicago?
What did Patel agree with music me _?
Who has turned to the Internet for tips on building customer loyalty, improving efficiency at a time when airlines are winning no popularity contests among passengers?
What _ &LR; Call it Airline. com?
Who has turned to the Internet for tips on building customer loyalty, just plain being liked at a time when airlines are winning no popularity contests among passengers?
What may &QL; &UR; MARINIJ _ &LR; The Marin Independent Journal be for?
Who is a likely purchaser?
Who is newspaper magnate William Dean Singleton?
When has an upstart carrier named JetBlue Airways turned to the Internet for tips on building customer loyalty, improving efficiency?
When has an upstart carrier named JetBlue Airways turned to the Internet for tips on building customer loyalty, just plain being liked?
What has an upstart carrier named JetBlue Airways turned to on building customer loyalty, improving efficiency at a time when airlines are winning no popularity contests among passengers?
What may be for sale?
What did representatives of several colleges notified this week by King say they will discuss before deciding whether to take action?
What did King say Friday, ``I expect''?
What do I think?
Who were illegal?
Who was Mike Smith?
Who said Napster allows ``piracy on a massive scale''?
Who did he say allows ``piracy on a massive scale''?
What did the pending copyright infringement lawsuits Metallica and Dr. Dre filed against the San Mateo startup in April leave to be added?
What do San Francisco Chronicle personally not think that restricting is going to restrict people's way of getting free music off the Internet?
What did he say Napster allows ``piracy on''?
What did their universities involve?
What is pending?
What said Napster allows ``piracy on a massive scale''?
How many colleges named were dropped as defendants after they banned Napster?
What filed a friend-of-the-court brief supporting the injunction against Napster?
Who should have access to everything?
What will hear the case Oct. 2?
What did King say Friday, ``San Francisco Chronicle expect''?
What did lawyers for the record companies file a brief with supporting a lower court's preliminary injunction that could shut Napster completely?
Who do we 're?
What think colleges are the appropriate place to have that discussion?
What do San Francisco Chronicle think are the appropriate place to have that discussion?
Who said he is not threatening legal action?
Who are students who engage in person-to-person file sharing not?
Who said UC Berkeley ``does take seriously any notification we get of copyright infringement''?
What did King give to respond?
Who said, ``people probably do not have a right to restrict access''?
What did Mike Smith's universities involve?
Who did students who use Napster or similar programs like Scour say should not?
Who said Friday, ``I expect some universities will take this opportunity to have a discussion of the issue''?
Who hope that schools would not be intimidated by Metallica and limit the freedom of students to participate in the Napster community?
When did King say, ``San Francisco Chronicle expect some universities will take this opportunity to have a discussion of the issue''?
What did San Francisco Chronicle say Napster allows ``piracy on''?
Who did the pending copyright infringement lawsuits Metallica and Dr. Dre filed against the San Mateo startup in April name three colleges as?
What did students who use Napster or similar programs like Scour say should not?
What does UCLA student James Papasin say Napster promotes?
What banned Napster?
What are colleges?
Who are not copyright infringers?
How many colleges named were the University of Southern California, Yale University and Indiana University?
What did San Francisco Chronicle say on?
Who 're college students?
Who did King say is not threatening legal action?
What were the three colleges named the University of?
Who said they will discuss the request before deciding whether to take action?
What do I personally not think that restricting is going to restrict people's way of getting free music off the Internet?
What is illegal?
What left room for others to be added?
Who filed a brief with the U. S. Court of Appeals in San Francisco supporting a lower court's preliminary injunction that could shut Napster completely?
What do I personally not think?
Who says Napster promotes CD sales?
When did King give the universities to respond?
Who gave the universities about two weeks to respond?
Who said?
What did lawyers for the record companies file with the U. S. Court of Appeals in San Francisco supporting a lower court's preliminary injunction that could shut Napster completely?
What are the hotbed of Napster activity?
Who does UCLA student James Papasin say promotes CD sales?
What do San Francisco Chronicle think colleges are?
Who said, ``They probably do not have a right to restrict access''?
What do I think colleges are?
Whose universities involved incidents like music, text or photos posted without permission on student Web sites?
Who do we hope by?
What does UCLA student James Papasin say?
What named three colleges as defendants?
Who did defendants ban?
What did both Smith and Stanford legal counsel Debra Zumwalt say have received complaints of copyright violations in the past?
Who do people 're?
Who do Mike Smith hope by?
What said?
Who sent letters to the universities this week after reading a San Francisco Chronicle story that said most colleges were not restricting student use of Napster?
What should we have?
When did both Smith and Stanford legal counsel Debra Zumwalt say their universities have received complaints of copyright violations?
What are Napster fans violating?
What are violating copyright law?
What did lawyers for the record companies file a brief with the U. S. Court of Appeals in San Francisco supporting?
What were the University of Southern California, Yale University and Indiana University?
What did both Smith and Stanford legal counsel Debra Zumwalt say their universities have received complaints of in the past?
Who personally does not think that restricting access to Napster is going to restrict people's way of getting free music off the Internet?
What should have access to everything?
What did he say on?
What personally do not think that restricting access to Napster is going to restrict people's way of getting free music off the Internet?
Who did representatives of several colleges notified this week by King say will discuss the request before deciding whether to take action?
What did representatives of several colleges notified this week by King say they will discuss the request before deciding?
When did King say, ``I expect some universities will take this opportunity to have a discussion of the issue''?
What did the Motion Picture Association of America and 19 other organizations file supporting the injunction against Napster?
What were dropped as defendants after they banned Napster?
Who said UC Berkeley ``does take seriously any notification of several colleges notified this week by King get of copyright infringement''?
What did representatives of several colleges notified this week by King say?
What do San Francisco Chronicle personally not think?
What should people have?
How many colleges did the pending copyright infringement lawsuits Metallica and Dr. Dre filed against the San Mateo startup in April name as defendants?
Who were the three colleges named dropped as after they banned Napster?
What did students who use Napster or similar programs like Scour say?
What do San Francisco Chronicle think?
What 're college students?
Who said, ``Our policy to date has been if there is evidence of copyright infringement brought to us, we act on that''?
What were the three colleges named?
When did both Smith and Stanford legal counsel Debra Zumwalt say?
What did representatives of several colleges notified this week by King say will discuss the request before deciding whether to take action?
What would not, be denied?
What did the Motion Picture Association of America and 19 other organizations file a friend-of-the-court brief supporting?
What did King say?
What do I think are the appropriate place to have that discussion?
What did King say he is not threatening?
Who said, ``Mike Smith's policy to date has been if there is evidence of copyright infringement brought to us, we act on that''?
Who said they should not?
Who did San Francisco Chronicle say allows ``piracy on a massive scale''?
Who thinks colleges are the appropriate place to have that discussion?
Who &LR;?
What did both Smith and Stanford legal counsel Debra Zumwalt say their universities have received in the past?
Who said their universities have received complaints of copyright violations in the past?
Who was assistant chancellor for legal affairs?
Who did they ban?
What involved incidents like music, text or photos posted without permission on student Web sites?
What are colleges the hotbed of?
Who banned Napster?
Who said Friday, ``San Francisco Chronicle expect some universities will take this opportunity to have a discussion of the issue''?
What did the pending copyright infringement lawsuits Metallica and Dr. Dre filed against the San Mateo startup in April name as defendants?
What have refused a request to filter the music-swapping site from their computer networks?
What are Harvard University officials expected to announce next week that they will not block?
Who asked several elite colleges this month to ban Napster?
What did Debra Zumwalt say resisted because Napster in some instances can be used legally and for academic purposes focused on copyright issues?
When are Harvard University officials expected to announce that they will not block access to Napster?
What had opponents of Napster hoped to to lead a nationwide boycott against the site?
Whose huge catalog of recordings did information systems download music from?
Who does Napster allow to obtain copyrighted music for free?
Who is slated to go before a federal appeals court next month in a case brought by representatives of the entertainment industry?
What were so many people on campus clogging up as they downloaded music from Napster's huge catalog of recordings?
Who starts banning access to Web sites because people can potentially violate copyright laws?
Who said the university resisted because Napster in some instances can be used legally and for academic purposes focused on copyright issues?
What were such as in a class?
What does the Massachusetts Institute of Technology, Stanford University, and other top schools put crimp in the recording industry's war against Napster. com?
What are more important than the threat of copyright infringement?
What did Debra Zumwalt say for?
What downloaded music from Napster's huge catalog of recordings?
What does the Massachusetts Institute of Technology, Stanford University, and other top schools put a crimp in?
Who does the lawsuit charge with violating the rights of recording artists whose songs are traded freely on the site?
Who was MIT's vice president?
Who allows visitors to this month's Web site to obtain copyrighted music for free?
What do you start banning?
What puts a crimp in the recording industry's war against Napster. com?
What does Napster allow visitors to its Web site to obtain for free?
Who can be used legally and for academic purposes focused on copyright issues?
What can potentially violate copyright laws?
What were clogging up the Internet systems as they downloaded music from Napster's huge catalog of recordings?
What are Harvard University officials expected to announce next week?
Whose general counsel was Debra Zumwalt?
Who said, ``MIT has a long history of providing its faculty, staff, and students with uncensored access to the Internet''?
What are campuses that turned down King's request said the need for free use of the Internet and the principle of academic freedom more important than?
What does Napster allow visitors to this month's Web site to obtain for free?
What did they download music from?
What can people potentially violate?
Who are expected to announce next week that they will not block access to Napster?
Who did a lawyer for the rock band Metallica and rap artist Dr. Dre ask several elite colleges this month to ban?
What can Napster in some instances be used legally and for academic purposes focused on?
What did information systems download from Napster's huge catalog of recordings?
Whose huge catalog of recordings did they download music from?
Who was Debra Zumwalt?
Who downloaded music from Napster's huge catalog of recordings?
What charges Napster with violating the rights of recording artists whose songs are traded freely on the site?
What had opponents of Napster hoped to recruit more high-profile schools to lead?
What did they download from Napster's huge catalog of recordings?
Who was Stanford's general counsel?
Who had hoped to recruit more high-profile schools to lead a nationwide boycott against the site?
Who allows visitors to its Web site to obtain copyrighted music for free?
Who was James D. Bruce?
Who said?
What did information systems download music from?
What have the Massachusetts Institute of Technology, Stanford University, and other top schools refused?
