What was VIENNA?
What did VIENNA open a four-day conference Tuesday aimed eliminating throughout Europe?
What is to improve cooperation in mine detection and destruction?
Who told the conference during opening ceremonies, ``The seminar is a sign of a new era in cooperation in the fields of disarmament and humanitarian assistance''?
What does the 1997 Ottawa Treaty want to maintain landmines in?
What are austrian mine clearing experts working with in detecting?
Where does the 1997 Ottawa Treaty want to maintain landmines?
Who are working with their counterparts from other countries in detecting?
What did the United States refuse to sign the treaty because it wants to maintain landmines in the demilitarized zone?
What is organized by the Austrian defense ministry, the Italian armed forces and the West European Union?
Who accuse the Americans of trying to undermine the treaty among their European allies?
What refused to sign the treaty because it wants to maintain landmines in the demilitarized zone separating North and South Korea?
What wants to maintain landmines in the demilitarized zone?
What does it want to maintain in the demilitarized zone?
Who do critics accuse of trying to undermine the treaty among their European allies?
Where does it want to maintain landmines?
What did VIENNA open a four-day conference Tuesday aimed eliminating land mines throughout?
What is also lobbying NATO countries to allow the stockpiling of anti-personnel mines until the year 2003?
Who said Italy had already taken steps to comply with the 1997 Ottawa Treaty which bans the production, storage and use of such weapons?
What was Austria-- Military representatives of 33 countries as well as non-governmental organizations?
Who are working with their counterparts from other countries in destroying landmines in Bosnia-Herzegovina and the Golan Heights between Syria and Israel?
What are austrian mine clearing experts working with in destroying landmines in Bosnia-Herzegovina and the Golan Heights between Syria and Israel?
What is expected to include discussions on ways to compile information and databanks on non-standard landmines?
What does it want to maintain landmines in?
What did Brutti say?
What did Majecen say it was time for European countries to coordinate their activities and share information in landmine technology and ways to detect and disarm them During?''
What did Brutti say had already taken steps to comply with the 1997 Ottawa Treaty which bans the production, storage and use of such weapons?
What does the Pentagon also want to exempt?
What did Brutti say Italy had already taken?
What is the conference organized by?
What does the 1997 Ottawa Treaty want to maintain in the demilitarized zone?
What did Majecen say During?''
What also wants to exempt anti-personnel mines designed to deter tampering with larger anti-tank mines not covered by the treaty?
What opened a four-day conference Tuesday aimed eliminating land mines throughout Europe?
What is Washington also lobbying to allow the stockpiling of anti-personnel mines until the year 2003?
What did the United States refuse to sign because it wants to maintain landmines in the demilitarized zone separating North and South Korea?
What was reached in Canada last December?
Who are discussing ways of assisting mine victims in the Middle East?
When was the Ottawa convention reached in Canada?
What signed a global land mine treaty Saturday?
What is stockpiling and transferring of anti-personnel land mines?
What have so far ratified the treaty?
What is the Landmine Survivors Network?
What is production?
What is the two-day meeting hosted by The Ottawa convention has been signed by 127 nations?
What have twenty-three nations so far ratified?
What does it prohibit?
What must be ratified by 40 states to take effect?
What was made by Queen Noor?
What is a private organization based in Washington?
What does the pact prohibit?
What is it hosted by the Landmine Survivors Network by?
What is it hosted by The Ottawa convention has been signed by 127 nations?
What does the pact prohibit the use of?
What must the treaty be ratified by to take effect?
What is the two-day meeting hosted by the Landmine Survivors Network The Ottawa convention has been signed by?
How many other countries that have endorsed the pact did AMMAN, Jordan _ Jordan join?
Who was Queen Noor?
What was production and stockpiling?
What prohibits the use?
What is Washington?
What did AMMAN, Jordan _ Jordan join?
What is the two-day meeting hosted by the Landmine Survivors Network by?
What joined 127 other countries that have endorsed the pact?
Who was the announcement made by?
Who was King Hussein's American-born wife?
What is D. C.?
What is the use?
Where was the Ottawa convention reached last December?
What is it hosted by the Landmine Survivors Network The Ottawa convention has been signed by?
What was the Ottawa convention reached in last December?
What was the use?
What is production stockpiling and transferring of?
Whose American-born wife was Queen Noor?
What does the two-day meeting prohibit?
What is hosted by the Landmine Survivors Network The Ottawa convention has been signed by 127 nations?
What is the two-day meeting hosted by the Landmine Survivors Network has been signed by 127 nations?
What prohibits the use of the weapon?
What are delegates at the two-day meeting discussing?
What is it hosted by the Landmine Survivors Network has been signed by 127 nations?
What did the International Campaign to Ban Landmines and its former leader Jody Williams win the Nobel Peace Prize in 1997 for in bringing world attention to the issue?
What did Foreign Minister Theo-Ben Gurirab say Namibia would keep for training in destruction and research?
What did the International Campaign to Ban Landmines and the treaty Jody Williams win the Nobel Peace Prize in 1997 for in bringing world attention to the issue?
What did Foreign Minister Theo-Ben Gurirab say Namibia would keep a small number of mines for in destruction and research?
What did the International Campaign to Ban Landmines and its former leader Jody Williams win in 1997 for their work in bringing world attention to the issue?
What has the ban on use, production and stockpiling of the anti-personnel weapon been signed by?
When did the International Campaign to Ban Landmines and its former leader Jody Williams win the Nobel Peace Prize for their work in bringing world attention to the issue?
What did Foreign Minister Theo-Ben Gurirab say Namibia would keep a small number of for training in destruction and research?
What did Foreign Minister Theo-Ben Gurirab say Namibia would keep a small number of mines for training in?
When did the International Campaign to Ban Landmines and the treaty Jody Williams win the Nobel Peace Prize for their work in bringing world attention to the issue?
What did the International Campaign to Ban Landmines and the treaty Jody Williams win in 1997 for their work in bringing world attention to the issue?
What must the treaty be ratified by to become official?
What ratified the treaty on Wednesday?
What also requires member states to destroy existing mines?
What has WINDHOEK, Namibia _ Namibia become to ratify the Ottawa Convention banning land mines?
What did Foreign Minister Theo-Ben Gurirab say for?
What was Namibia located on?
What won the Nobel Peace Prize in 1997 for their work in bringing world attention to the issue?
What was located on Africa's southwest Atlantic coast?
What did the National Assembly ratify?
What has WINDHOEK, Namibia _ Namibia become the 24th country to ratify the Ottawa Convention banning?
What has WINDHOEK, Namibia _ Namibia become the 24th country to ratify banning land mines?
Who said Namibia would keep a small number of mines for training in destruction and research?
What has become the 24th country to ratify the Ottawa Convention banning land mines?
What must be ratified by 40 countries to become official?
What does the treaty also require to destroy existing mines?
What has been signed by 127 countries?
What does the treaty also require member states to destroy?
What did Foreign Minister Theo-Ben Gurirab say would keep a small number of mines for training in destruction and research?
What did more than 120 countries sign the treaty in in December?
What did Eckhard say in, Malaysia became the 150th country to sign the Comprehensive Nuclear Test Ban Treaty?
What does it need to be ratified by to take effect?
What gave U. N. officials paperwork showing they have ratified a treaty banning anti-personnel land mines?
Who was Gerhard Walter Henze?
What have ratified it?
How many countries have ratified it?
When did more than 120 countries sign the treaty in the Canadian capital?
What signed the treaty in the Canadian capital in December?
What did Eckhard say in a related matter, became the 150th country to sign the Comprehensive Nuclear Test Ban Treaty?
What did the German foreign minister say in, ``Nevertheless, the goal remains to ban anti-personnel mines at a global level''?
How many countries have ratified a treaty banning anti-personnel land mines?
Who was the German foreign minister?
Who said in a related matter, Malaysia became the 150th country to sign the Comprehensive Nuclear Test Ban Treaty?
Who was Klaus Kinkel?
Who said in a statement, ``Nevertheless, the goal remains to ban anti-personnel mines at a global level''?
What did UNITED NATIONS _ France and Germany on Thursday give U. N. officials paperwork showing?
What have ratified a treaty banning anti-personnel land mines?
What did Eckhard say in a related matter, Malaysia became to sign the Comprehensive Nuclear Test Ban Treaty?
How many countries signed the treaty in the Canadian capital in December?
Where did more than 120 countries sign the treaty in December?
What was known as the Ottawa Convention?
What was the treaty known as?
What have 25 countries ratified?
Who did U. N. spokesman Fred Eckhard say turned in the so-called instruments of ratification?
What did U. N. spokesman Fred Eckhard say french Ambassador Alain Dejammet and the deputy German representative turned in?
Who was french Ambassador Alain Dejammet and the deputy German representative?
What does a treaty banning anti-personnel land mines need to be ratified by to take effect?
What needs to be ratified by 40 countries to take effect?
Who said french Ambassador Alain Dejammet and the deputy German representative turned in the so-called instruments of ratification?
What did more than 120 countries sign in the Canadian capital in December?
What did Eckhard say in a related matter, Malaysia became the 150th country to sign?
How many mines are due to pass through the factory's incinerators every day for over two years at a total cost of over 500 million pesetas?
Who have been pressuring signatories to destroy all mines within their borders?
Who told reporters that Spain was at ``the vanguard'' of landmine destruction?
How many first mines did Antonio Castro say were symbolically incinerated at an explosives factory near this western Spanish city by Defense Minister Eduardo Serra?
What did Serra tell reporters that Spain was at?
What are due to pass through the factory's incinerators every day for over two years at a total cost of over 500 million pesetas?
When did the treaty allow for the destruction of all stockpiled land mines, and 10 years for the deactivation of minefields?
Who did Serra tell that Spain was at ``the vanguard'' of landmine destruction?
Who said the first three mines were symbolically incinerated at an explosives factory near this western Spanish city by Defense Minister Eduardo Serra?
Who did Antonio Castro say the first three mines were symbolically incinerated at an explosives factory near this western Spanish city by?
What was signed by 121 nations in Ottawa last December?
When was an international draft treaty banning the production, export and use of landmines signed by 121 nations in Ottawa?
Who was an international draft treaty banning the production, export and use of landmines signed by 121 nations in last December?
What was Ottawa?
What are about 1,000 mines due to pass through the factory's incinerators every day for over two years at?
Who did Castro say the ministry is destroying, leaving a question mark over what will happen to mines belonging to United States military bases in Spanish territory?
What has ended?
Who have anti-mine campaigners been pressuring to destroy all mines within their borders?
How many estimated antipersonnel mines are deployed in about 60 countries worldwide, often killing or crippling people decades after a conflict has ended?
What did Castro say the ministry is destroying Spanish landmines, leaving over what will happen to mines belonging to United States military bases in Spanish territory?
Who was Defense Minister Eduardo Serra?
Who did CACERES, Spain _ Spain begin destroying its stockpile of Monday?
Who was Canada?
What are deployed in about 60 countries worldwide, often killing or crippling people decades after a conflict has ended?
What did Antonio Castro say were symbolically incinerated at an explosives factory near this western Spanish city by Defense Minister Eduardo Serra?
Who said the ministry is destroying Spanish landmines, leaving a question mark over what will happen to mines belonging to United States military bases in Spanish territory?
What did Castro say is destroying Spanish landmines, leaving a question mark over what will happen to mines belonging to United States military bases in Spanish territory?
What was an international draft treaty banning the production, export and use of landmines signed by in Ottawa last December?
How many years did the treaty allow for the destruction of all stockpiled land mines, and 10 years for the deactivation of minefields?
What began destroying its stockpile of over 800,000 anti-personal landmines Monday?
What did CACERES, Spain _ Spain begin destroying Monday?
What did Antonio Castro say the first three mines were symbolically incinerated at by Defense Minister Eduardo Serra?
What did Serra tell reporters at?
When did CACERES, Spain _ Spain begin destroying its stockpile of over 800,000 anti-personal landmines?
What is therefore not obliged to destroy its own mines?
What did the U. S. not sign?
What did the treaty allow four years for?
Who was ministry spokesman?
What did Castro say the ministry is destroying Spanish landmines, leaving a question mark over what will happen to mines belonging to United States?
What allowed four years for the destruction of all stockpiled land mines, and 10 years for the deactivation of minefields?
What did not sign the Ottawa treaty?
Who said?
What are an estimated 100 million antipersonnel mines deployed in decades after a conflict has ended?
What did more than 120 countries sign the treaty in in December?
What have at least 40 of the more than 120 signatories ratified?
When did the government say?
Who said Friday that a total ban was being implemented to send a ``clear signal'' to the rest of the world?
What will not come into effect for some months?
What have ratified it?
What had Prime Minister Tony Blair's government imposed a moratorium on the operational use of anti-personnel land mines by?
When did more than 120 countries sign the treaty in the Canadian capital?
What did Robertson speak to BBC before making a formal announcement to Parliament?
What has to be ratified by a minimum of 40 countries?
Who said a concerted effort must be made to get countries that have not signed the convention to do so?
What did Robertson say must be made to get countries that have not signed the convention to do so?
What was known as the Ottawa Convention?
What was the treaty known as?
What would more than 120 countries not come into for at least another nine months?
Who spoke to BBC radio before making a formal announcement to Parliament?
When had Prime Minister Tony Blair's government imposed by British forces in May?
What had imposed a moratorium on the operational use of anti-personnel land mines by British forces in May?
Whose government had imposed a moratorium on the operational use of anti-personnel land mines by British forces in May?
What have ratified the House of Commons?
How many countries would not come into force for at least another nine months?
What signed the treaty in the Canadian capital in December?
What said Friday?
What did Defense Secretary George Robertson say Friday to?
When did Defense Secretary George Robertson say that a total ban was being implemented to send a ``clear signal'' to the rest of the world?
What was an exemption allowed for?
What did Robertson say?
What does it have to be ratified by?
When will it not come into effect?
How many countries signed the treaty in the Canadian capital in December?
Where did more than 120 countries sign the treaty in December?
When will the House of Commons not come into effect?
What will it not come into for some months?
What have at least 40 of the more than 120 signatories ratified the House of?
What would not come into force for at least another nine months?
What did the House of Commons rush through a bill ratifying the international treaty banning their use on July 10 under?
What will the House of Commons not come into for some months?
What was allowed for the weapons ' use?
When would more than 120 countries not come into force?
Who said?
Who have already been destroyed?
What did more than 120 countries sign in the Canadian capital in December?
What was the treaty signed by at a landmark meeting in Ottawa last December?
What grew into a global movement with Williams as campaign coordinator?
When did the International Campaign to Ban Landmines, and its American coordinator win the Nobel Peace Prize signing the treaty in Ottawa?
What did Carol Bellamy say in a statement, ``anti-personnel land mines stand at an historic moment in the struggle to end the anguish on''?
What were their families and their communities?
Where does the United States argue?
How many countries needed to ratify the treaty for it to take effect?
What did forty countries need to ratify the treaty for it to take?
What did Nations that ratify the treaty pledge to clear away all mines from within 10 years?
When did UNITED NATIONS _ Burkino Faso mean the treaty will go into effect?
Who did the United Nations announce became the 40th country to ratify an international treaty to ban anti-personnel land mines Wednesday?
What are scattered in more than 60 countries?
What has refused to ratify the treaty?
Who was the International Campaign to Ban Landmines, and its American coordinator?
What did UNITED NATIONS _ Burkino Faso mean will go into effect in six months?
What did she say in a statement, ``We stand at an historic moment in the struggle to end the anguish on''?
What won the Nobel Peace Prize for its six years of worldwide campaigning that resulted in 122 countries signing the treaty in Ottawa?
What did forty countries need to ratify the treaty for to take effect?
What was the treaty signed by more than 120 countries at last December?
Who was Carol Bellamy?
What were tens of thousands of the world's children?
When did Nations that ratify the treaty pledge to destroy all stockpiles of mines?
What are tens of millions of land mines scattered in?
What was the global movement backed by?
When was the treaty signed by more than 120 countries at a landmark meeting in Ottawa?
What are killed or injured each year, mostly innocent civilians?
Who did the ICBL grow into a global movement with?
Who pledged to destroy all stockpiles of mines within four years?
Who said?
Who was to travel to Bosnia on Thursday to mark the occasion?
Who meant the treaty will go into effect in six months?
What was Carol Bellamy director of?
What announced UNITED NATIONS _ Burkino Faso became the 40th country to ratify an international treaty to ban anti-personnel land mines Wednesday?
What did Nations that ratify the treaty pledge to destroy all stockpiles of within four years?
What did UNITED NATIONS _ Burkino Faso mean the treaty will go into in six months?
What needed to ratify the treaty for it to take effect?
What did UNITED NATIONS _ Burkino Faso mean into?
Who was the International Campaign to Ban Landmines, and last December's American coordinator?
What was Jody Williams?
What was signed by more than 120 countries at a landmark meeting in Ottawa last December?
How many estimated people are killed or injured each year, mostly innocent civilians?
What was backed by more than 1,000 organizations and millions of people?
Who congratulated the countries that ratified the treaty?
When did Nations that ratify the treaty pledge to clear away all mines from their territory?
When did the International Campaign to Ban Landmines, and last December's American coordinator win the Nobel Peace Prize signing the treaty in Ottawa?
What argues that such weapons are needed on the Korean peninsula to deter an invasion by North Korea of South Korea?
What did the ICBL grow into with Williams as campaign coordinator?
What did Nations that ratify the treaty pledge to clear away from their territory within 10 years?
What did Carol Bellamy congratulate?
Where does the United States argue that such weapons are needed to deter an invasion by North Korea of South Korea?
What did forty countries need to ratify for it to take effect?
Who pledged to clear away all mines from their territory within 10 years?
What does the United States argue that such weapons are needed on the Korean peninsula to deter by North Korea of South Korea?
What does the United States argue on?
Who was director of the United Nations Children's Fund?
Who was director of the U. N. International Children's Fund?
What does the United States argue that such weapons are needed on the Korean peninsula to deter an invasion by?
What did Nations that ratify the treaty pledge to destroy within four years?
What does the United States argue that such weapons are needed on to deter an invasion by North Korea of South Korea?
What has the United States refused to ratify?
What won the Nobel Peace Prize for its six years of worldwide campaigning that resulted in 122 countries signing the treaty in Ottawa last year?
Who does Russia and China contend need land mines for defensive purposes?
What is a treaty aimed at eliminating anti-personnel land mines?
When did the International Campaign to Ban Landmines, and last December's American coordinator win the Nobel Peace Prize signing the treaty in Ottawa last year?
What kill or injure an estimated 20,000 people each year?
What did Canadian Ambassador Robert Fowler say, ``It is important. . . from''?
What did the ICBL also condemn the use of mines in non-signatory states such as Yugoslavia to discourage?
What issued a statement saying ``real success will be measured in terms of fewer victims'' in Geneva?
Who were the replanting of fertile farmland and the resumption of normal life in communities plagued by landmines?
What does Russia and China contend need land mines for defensive purposes?
What is now in so much suffering as a result of anti-personnel mine infestation?
What did the International Committee of the Red Cross issue a statement saying ``real success will be measured in terms of fewer victims'' in?
What contends they need land mines for defensive purposes?
Who was Pieter Vermeulen?
Where have Serb forces reportedly planted mines along the border of the Yugoslav province of Kosovo and Albania?
What does Russia and China contend they need for defensive purposes?
What did UNITED NATIONS _ World leaders and international organizations on Thursday praise the quick ratification of which now goes into effect in six months?
What is a weapon that would temporarily disable an approaching enemy, but not kill?
What are scattered in more than 60 countries?
What is common knowledge that Africa is the continent afflicted most by the scourge of anti-personnel land mines?
Who was the International Campaign to Ban Landmines, and its American coordinator?
Who _ countries that either drafted the treaty or hosted negotiations on it _ congratulated one another for their work at a press conference?
What did the ICBL also condemn to discourage arms smuggling?
What were fewer victims?
What required ratification by 40 nations and their legislatures to go into effect in those countries?
What have the mines also rendered huge swaths of unusable?
What does Russia and China contend for?
What does another involve?
What does U. S. President Bill Clinton want to approve the treaty by 2006?
Who kill or injure an estimated 20,000 people each year?
What have the mines also rendered unusable?
What involves sensors that warn of a foe's approach and then trigger weapons?
What became the 40th country to ratify the pact?
What will take effect March 1,1999?
What is it?
What were fewer victims the replanting of?
What are tens of millions of land mines scattered in?
Where did the International Committee of the Red Cross issue a statement saying ``real success will be measured in terms of fewer victims''?
What is one possibility?
What have also rendered huge swaths of productive land unusable?
What do ambassadors from Canada, Austria, Norway, South Africa and Burkina Faso _ for at a press conference?
What have Serb forces reportedly planted along the border of the Yugoslav province of Kosovo and Albania at Yugoslavia?
Who said, ``a treaty aimed at eliminating anti-personnel land mines is important. . . that the 40th ratification comes from Africa''?
What did British Foreign Office Minister Tony Lloyd say to in London?
When does U. S. President Bill Clinton want the United States to approve the treaty?
What has the Pentagon requested in the fiscal 1999 budget for the program?
Who said, ``It is important. . . that the 40th ratification comes from Africa''?
Who was the International Campaign to Ban Landmines, and last December's American coordinator?
What was Jody Williams?
What does U. S. President Bill Clinton want the United States to approve by 2006?
What did the ICBL also condemn the use of to discourage arms smuggling?
What has refused to sign or ratify the treaty?
What are also holding out?
What also condemned the use of mines in non-signatory states such as Yugoslavia to discourage arms smuggling?
What has requested dlrs 4. 7 million in the fiscal 1999 budget for the program?
What have Serb forces reportedly planted mines along at Yugoslavia?
What did the International Committee of the Red Cross issue in Geneva?
What did UNITED NATIONS _ World leaders and international organizations on Thursday praise in six months?
What did Canadian Ambassador Robert Fowler say, ``a treaty aimed at eliminating anti-personnel land mines is important. . . from''?
What have reportedly planted mines along the border of the Yugoslav province of Kosovo and Albania at Yugoslavia?
What have Serb forces reportedly planted mines along the border of the Yugoslav province of Kosovo and Albania at?
What does Russia and China contend they need land mines for?
What did the treaty require ratification by 40 nations and their legislatures to go into?
Who was a deputy ambassador from South Africa?
What did the treaty require to go into effect in those countries?
What made the announcement Wednesday after the West African nation of Burkina Faso became the 40th country to ratify the pact?
Who wants the United States to approve the treaty by 2006?
When did the International Campaign to Ban Landmines, and its American coordinator win the Nobel Peace Prize signing the treaty in Ottawa last year?
What do ambassadors from Canada, Austria, Norway, South Africa and Burkina Faso _ _ congratulated one another for their work at a press conference?
What did the West African nation of Burkina Faso become to ratify the pact?
What has the Pentagon requested dlrs 4. 7 million in?
What did the West African nation of Burkina Faso become the 40th country to ratify?
Who praised the quick ratification of a treaty aimed at eliminating anti-personnel land mines which now goes into effect in six months?
What has refused to sign or ratify a treaty aimed at eliminating anti-personnel land mines?
Who does Russia and China contend need land mines for defensive purposes?
What does UNHCR estimate in?
What did U. N. High Commissioner for Refugees Sadako Ogata welcome the ratification of in a press release?
What did the U. N. refugee agency say Monday GENEVA _ will make the task of returning refugees to former war zones easier and safer?
What kill or injure an estimated 20,000 people each year?
What was entitled the Convention on the Prohibition of the Use Production and Transfer of Anti Personnel Mines and their Destruction?
Who said, ``The mine pollution is enormous''?
What did U. N. High Commissioner for Refugees Sadako Ogata welcome in a press release?
Where does UNHCR estimate that up to 700,000 mines are still planted during the war?
What did the U. N. refugee agency say Monday GENEVA _?
What fear that mines are still buried nearby?
Where does UNHCR estimate?
What did U. N. High Commissioner for Refugees Sadako Ogata welcome the ratification of the treaty in?
What are also holding out?
What does Russia and China contend need land mines for defensive purposes?
What made the announcement last Wednesday after the West African nation of Burkina Faso became the 40th country to ratify the pact?
What contends they need land mines for defensive purposes?
Who did the U. N. refugee agency say Monday GENEVA _ The ratification of a treaty aimed at eliminating anti-personnel land mines will make the task of easier and safer?
What does Russia and China contend they need for defensive purposes?
What estimates that up to 700,000 mines are still planted in areas of Bosnia-Herzegovina which were in the front line during the war?
What are scattered in more than 60 countries?
Who said, ``It's a gigantic step toward the safety of returning refugees''?
What does UNHCR estimate that up to 700,000 mines are still planted in areas of Bosnia-Herzegovina which were in the front line during?
What do they fear?
What has refused to sign or ratify it?
Who welcomed the ratification of the treaty in a press release?
Who said, ``the ratification of a treaty aimed at eliminating anti-personnel land mines's a gigantic step toward the safety of returning refugees''?
Who fear that mines are still buried nearby?
What does Russia and China contend they need land mines for?
What required ratification by 40 nations and their legislatures to go into effect in those countries?
What did the treaty require ratification by 40 nations and their legislatures to go into?
What does Russia and China contend for?
What was the treaty entitled the Convention on the Prohibition of?
Who kill or injure an estimated 20,000 people each year?
What did the treaty require to go into effect in those countries?
What became the 40th country to ratify the pact?
What will take effect March 1,1999?
What are tens of millions of land mines scattered in?
What does UNHCR estimate that up to 700,000 mines are still planted in during the war?
What did the U. N. refugee agency say Monday GENEVA _ The ratification of a treaty aimed at eliminating anti-personnel land mines will make easier and safer?
What did the West African nation of Burkina Faso become to ratify the pact?
What did the West African nation of Burkina Faso become the 40th country to ratify?
What was the treaty entitled?
Who said?
What have ratified the treaty since mid-September?
What did Axworthy say at?
Who does Russia and China contend need land mines for defensive purposes?
When did Noor say was encouraging that major producers and exporters including France, Germany, Britain and Hungary had already ratified the treaty?
What did he say, ``I hope to''?
What did forces launch?
Who said, ``I hope that it will rise to the occasion''?
What maintains that land mines are needed on the Korean peninsula to deter North Korea from invading South Korea?
Who said Ireland last week donated dlrs 150,000?
What does the new fund have contributions and pledges of?
What are celebrating?
What did Noor say?
What did he say, ``I think''?
What launched a new fund?
Where does the United States maintain that land mines are needed to deter North Korea from invading South Korea?
What has to be a long-range commitment?
What does Russia and China contend need land mines for defensive purposes?
What has the United States pledged for assisting victims?
What contends they need land mines for defensive purposes?
What do they want every nation to sign it and the millions of land mines that continue to kill, maim and sow terror around the world removed with?
What did Axworthy announce?
What did Williams say Ireland last week donated?
Where does the United States maintain?
Who said, ``It just continues to demonstrate the momentum in the world to make this thing real''?
What have five more nations ratified since mid-September?
What does Russia and China contend they need for defensive purposes?
What did Jody Williams say, ``We have never thought''?
What did Kolby announce?
What does the new fund have?
What does the United States maintain that land mines are needed on to deter North Korea from invading South Korea?
Where are land mines being used?
What does Russia and China contend for?
Who said, ``I think that there is plenty of money out there''?
What are land mines being used in?
What does the United States maintain that land mines are needed on the Korean peninsula to deter from invading South Korea?
Who pledged dlrs 300,000?
Who are celebrating?
What does U. S. President Bill Clinton want to approve the treaty by 2006?
What was UNITED NATION _ the Nobel Peace Prize winner?
What did Jody Williams say, ``forces have never thought''?
What did she say, ``There was a huge ` whoopie ' that emanated from this car. . . throughout the Minnesota countryside of''?
What was a queen?
What does this have to be?
What did Noor say was encouraging that major producers and exporters including France, Germany, Britain and Hungary had already ratified the treaty?
Who announced a Norwegian contribution of dlrs 200,000?
Who was UNITED NATION _ the Nobel Peace Prize winner?
Who announced a 300,000 Canadian dollar contribution?
What has the United States pledged for demining efforts?
What was a foreign minister and the U. N. deputy secretary-general?
What did UNITED NATION _ A Nobel Peace Prize winner join forces Thursday to fight the next battles in?
Who said, ``forces have never thought that the treaty itself was victory''?
What did Williams say?
What did Noor say mid-September was encouraging?
Who did Axworthy say was ``so enthusiastic'' that he woke him at 6 a. m. to tell him about the ratification?
What do forces want every nation to sign with a land mine treaty ratified in record time?
What has contributions and pledges of over dlrs 1. 3 million?
When does U. S. President Bill Clinton want the United States to approve the treaty?
Who said mid-September was encouraging that major producers and exporters including France, Germany, Britain and Hungary had already ratified the treaty?
Who said, ``We have never thought that the treaty itself was victory''?
What did Noor say it was encouraging that major producers and exporters including France, Germany, Britain and Hungary had already ratified?
What did UNITED NATION _ A Nobel Peace Prize winner join forces Thursday to fight in the campaign to ban anti-personnel land mines?
What is Japan?
What did Kolby announce a Norwegian contribution of?
What was Jody Williams?
What does U. S. President Bill Clinton want the United States to approve by 2006?
What joined forces Thursday to fight the next battles in the campaign to ban anti-personnel land mines?
What are also holding out?
Who said it was encouraging that major producers and exporters including France, Germany, Britain and Hungary had already ratified the treaty?
What has pledged money for assisting victims?
What do forces want every nation to sign it and the millions of land mines that continue to kill, maim and sow terror around the world removed with?
How many more nations have ratified the treaty since mid-September?
What has refused to sign the convention?
What did Noor say mid-September was encouraging that major producers and exporters including France, Germany, Britain and Hungary had already ratified?
What did Soros urge to contribute?
What was Jody Williams co-winner of?
What has the United States refused to sign?
Who said, ``mid-September just continues to demonstrate the momentum in the world to make this thing real''?
Who launched a new fund?
What do they want every nation to sign with a land mine treaty ratified in record time?
When have five more nations ratified the treaty?
Who said Prime Minister Keizo Obuchi was ``so enthusiastic'' that he woke him at 6 a. m. to tell him about the ratification?
What does Russia and China contend they need land mines for?
Who wants the United States to approve the treaty by 2006?
What is the treaty?
What was a billionaire financier?
What does the United States maintain on?
Who urged the private sector to contribute?
What has pledged money for demining efforts?
What did they launch?
What did Noor say it was encouraging?
What are being used in Kosovo?
How many countries have destroyed their entire stocks of land mines?
What will it take still take decades to clear the tens of millions of mines scattered in more than 60 countries even with?
What will it take still take decades to clear the tens of even with the treaty?
What were seats for the U. S. delegation conspicuously empty at the start of a ceremony marking the land mines accord at U. N. headquarters in?
What will an international treaty to ban land mines that kill and maim some 25,000 people each year take still take decades to clear even with the treaty?
What floated through U. N. offices in Vienna to mark the accord coming into force?
Where did Princess Diana die in a car crash on Aug. 31 of that year?
What will it take still take decades to clear even with the treaty?
How many children did Rwandan radio report today underlining the problems, were six others seriously wounded when a land mine exploded in northern Rwanda?
What did Diana draw attention to by making a highly publicized walk through a minefield in Angola in February 1997?
What has been signed by 133 countries?
What reported today underlining the problems, two children were killed?
What was Susan Walker coordinator of to Ban Land Mines?
Who was the cause also supported by?
What was Austria?
Who died in a car crash in Paris on Aug. 31 of that year?
What did GENEVA-- An international treaty to ban land mines that kill and maim some 25,000 people each year enter into today?
What were seats for the U. S. delegation conspicuously empty at the start of a ceremony marking the land mines accord at in Geneva?
When will it take still take to clear the tens of millions of mines scattered in more than 60 countries even with the treaty?
What is concluded in Ottawa in 1997?
Who was Susan Walker?
What has been ratified by 65 of them?
When is the treaty concluded in Ottawa?
What is agreed to after a campaign by charities working with victims?
What entered into force today?
What did Rwandan radio report today underlining, two children were six others seriously wounded when a land mine exploded in northern Rwanda?
Who was coordinator of the International Campaign to Ban Land Mines?
What did Susan Walker say on?
What did the sounds of a ``peace bell'' and a children's choir float through to mark the accord coming into force?
What is the treaty agreed to after a campaign by?
What did Princess Diana die in a car crash in on Aug. 31 of that year?
What did Rwandan radio report today underlining, two children were killed?
What reported today underlining the problems, two children were six others seriously wounded when a land mine exploded in northern Rwanda?
Who drew attention to the issue by making a highly publicized walk through a minefield in Angola in February 1997?
When did Diana draw attention to the issue by making a highly publicized walk through a minefield in Angola?
What has President Clinton set 2006 as a target for joining the accord-- saying along the tense border between North and South Korea?
Where did Susan Walker say her group would this year focus its campaign to try to persuade them to go along with the accord?
What has the treaty been signed by?
What does the treaty commit signatories to ban?
Who did Rwandan radio report today underlining the problems, were six others seriously wounded when a land mine exploded in northern Rwanda?
When did Rwandan radio report underlining the problems, two children were killed?
What has the treaty been ratified by?
What did Susan Walker say her group would this year focus its campaign on to try to persuade them to go along with the accord?
What was Vienna?
When did GENEVA-- An international treaty to ban land mines that kill and maim some 25,000 people each year enter into force?
Where did Susan Walker say?
What will take still take decades to clear the tens of millions of mines scattered in more than 60 countries even with the treaty?
How many children did Rwandan radio report today underlining the problems, were killed?
What have about 12 countries destroyed their entire stocks of?
What were conspicuously empty at the start of a ceremony marking the land mines accord at U. N. headquarters in Geneva?
What did she die in in Paris on Aug. 31 of that year?
What has President Clinton set 2006 as a target for joining the accord-- saying the United States needs to use mines until then along?
Where did she die in a car crash on Aug. 31 of that year?
Who is the treaty concluded in in 1997?
What is the treaty agreed to after by charities working with victims?
When did Princess Diana die in a car crash in Paris?
Who have refused to join in?
What have destroyed their entire stocks of land mines?
What did U. N. Secretary-General Kofi Annan say in, ``The battle ahead is to make this treaty full effective not just in law but also in implementation''?
What has President Clinton set 2006 as along the tense border between North and South Korea?
What did Princess Diana die in in Paris on Aug. 31 of that year?
Who did Rwandan radio report today underlining the problems, were killed?
Where were seats for the U. S. delegation conspicuously empty at the start of a ceremony marking the land mines accord at U. N. headquarters?
What has been ratified by 65 of 133 countries?
What have about 12 countries destroyed?
Who does the treaty commit to ban production stocks and exports of land mines?
What did Diana draw to the issue by making a highly publicized walk through a minefield in Angola in February 1997?
What commits signatories to ban production stocks and exports of land mines?
What also was supported by Princess Diana?
Who said her group would this year focus its campaign on the Middle East and former Soviet Union to try to persuade them to go along with the accord?
When did she die in a car crash in Paris?
When did Rwandan radio report underlining the problems, two children were six others seriously wounded when a land mine exploded in northern Rwanda?
What did the sounds of a ``peace bell'' and a children's choir float through U. N. offices in Vienna to mark?
What did she die in a car crash in on Aug. 31 of that year?
What were seats for the U. S. delegation at U. N. headquarters in Geneva?
What has been ratified by 101?
What was Ukraine?
What did both sides use them in?
What has signed the treaty?
What used them in Sri Lanka's civil war?
What came into force on March 1 last year?
What were more than half of them?
Who said Thursday?
When will the report be presented to a Geneva meeting of countries that have ratified a 1997 treaty outlawing the weapons?
What did the study say that Chechnya also saw heavy laying of?
What were 71 countries more than half of?
What does Washington maintain land mines are needed on the Korean peninsula to deter from invading South Korea?
What did China say China leads with 11 million?
What did the study say Yugoslav forces laid some 50,000 land mines during?
What will be presented next week to a Geneva meeting of countries that have ratified a 1997 treaty outlawing the weapons?
What said still, new land mine victims have been recorded in 71 countries at peace?
What do so?
What did the study estimate in?
Where have the two biggest rebel factions used land mines?
What were used in at least six conflicts over the past year where three rebel groups have used mines or improvised explosives in Asia?
What did peace say still, new land mine victims have been recorded in at peace?
What have used land mines at Colombia?
How many countries were more than half of new land mine victims?
What did the treaty come into on March 1 last year?
What did some 10 million stockpiled antipersonnel mines bring so far to 22 million?
What did it say still, new land mine victims have been recorded in at peace?
What do Russia and China say they need for defensive purposes?
What did it say still, new land mine victims have been recorded in 71 countries at?
What have the two biggest rebel factions used land mines at?
What did peace say still, new land mine victims have been recorded in 71 countries at?
What did the report say?
What did a global treaty to ban the use of land mines say since the treaty came into force on March 1 last year, have been destroyed?
What did the report say is the only country in the Americas where they are now being used?
What did it add laid mines in significant numbers while both sides used them in Sri Lanka's civil war?
What were followed by Russia with 60-70 million?
What does Washington maintain land mines are needed on to deter North Korea from invading South Korea?
Where does Washington maintain?
What do Russia and China say need land mines for defensive purposes?
What said Yugoslav forces laid some 50,000 land mines during the Kosovo conflict?
When did the treaty come into force last year?
What were more than half of new land mine victims?
What will the report be presented next week to?
How many countries were more than half of them?
What did the study say?
When did anti-mine campaigners say?
What have the two biggest rebel factions used at Colombia?
When was more than any other continent?
What were estimated to have stocks of more than 4 million mines?
What has been signed by 138 governments?
Who did it say still, have been recorded in 71 countries at peace?
What do Russia and China say they need land mines for?
What does Angola continue to use although it has signed the treaty?
Who do Russia and China say need land mines for defensive purposes?
Who were 71 countries more than half of?
What did the Landmine Monitor 2000 report find?
What did both sides use land mines in?
What brought the total so far to 22 million?
What was Pakistan and India each?
What did Myanmar add Government forces and at least 10 armed ethnic groups in Myanmar laid mines in while both sides used them in Sri Lanka's civil war?
What did the report say Colombia is?
What do Russia and China say for?
What did the study say during?
How many land mines did the study say Yugoslav forces laid during the Kosovo conflict?
What has the treaty been signed by?
What did Landmine Monitor say have been used in eight conflicts in Africa over the past year?
What were 71 countries?
What found that trade in the weapons has almost completely halted?
What did it add Government forces and at least 10 armed ethnic groups in Myanmar laid mines in while both sides used them in Sri Lanka's civil war?
What likely have been used in 20 conflicts?
What has the treaty been ratified by?
What did Landmine Monitor say antipersonnel mines have been used in over the past year?
Who did both sides use in Sri Lanka's civil war?
What estimated that more than 250 million mines remain stockpiled in 105 nations?
Where does Washington maintain land mines are needed to deter North Korea from invading South Korea?
What has Angola signed?
What did the 1,121-page report say we have turned?
What did the study concede were sketchy and incomplete?
What said Colombia is the only country in the Americas where they are now being used?
What is Russia and China?
How many stockpiled antipersonnel mines did it say since the treaty came into force on March 1 last year, have been destroyed?
What are the United States among?
When did the treaty come into force on March 1?
What did they kill?
Who did peace say still, have been recorded in 71 countries at peace?
What said we have turned the tide in the battle against mines?
What were the 110 million mines followed by with 60-70 million?
Who did the 1,121-page report say have turned the tide in the battle against mines?
What found marked decreases in countries including Afghanistan, Bosnia, Cambodia and Mozambique?
What added Government forces and at least 10 armed ethnic groups in Myanmar laid mines in significant numbers while both sides used them in Sri Lanka's civil war?
How many mines were followed by Russia with 60-70 million?
What came into effect?
What killed or maimed more than 1,000 people in Angola?
What did the study find?
When did Landmine Monitor say antipersonnel mines have been used in eight conflicts in Africa?
What did it say since the treaty came into force on March 1 last year, have been destroyed?
What does Washington maintain are needed on the Korean peninsula to deter North Korea from invading South Korea?
What does President Clinton want the United States to approve by 2006?
What was the past year?
What said since the treaty came into force on March 1 last year, some 10 million stockpiled antipersonnel mines have been destroyed?
When does President Clinton want the United States to approve the treaty?
What did it say China leads with 11 million?
What did the study say that Chechnya also saw?
What is the United States?
Who killed or maimed more than 1,000 people in Angola?
What did both sides use in Sri Lanka's civil war?
What maintains land mines are needed on the Korean peninsula to deter North Korea from invading South Korea?
What did the study estimate that more than 250 million mines remain stockpiled in?
What did the study say laid some 50,000 land mines during the Kosovo conflict?
What were the 110 million mines followed by Russia with?
What has denied the allegation?
What have the weapons likely been used in?
What continues to use the weapons although it has signed the treaty?
What did the study say Yugoslav forces laid during the Kosovo conflict?
How many stockpiled antipersonnel mines brought the total so far to 22 million?
Who wants the United States to approve the treaty by 2006?
Who said antipersonnel mines have been used in eight conflicts in Africa over the past year?
How many biggest rebel factions have used land mines at Colombia?
What said that Chechnya also saw heavy laying of mines?
What are among those who have not signed?
What used land mines in Sri Lanka's civil war?
What has it signed?
What conceded estimates of deaths and injuries were sketchy and incomplete?
What has Sudan denied?
What say they need land mines for defensive purposes?
What did it find?
What did some 10 million stockpiled antipersonnel mines bring the total so far to?
What did land mines kill?
What did the treaty come into?
What did Myanmar add laid mines in significant numbers while both sides used them in Sri Lanka's civil war?
What does Washington maintain on?
What does President Clinton want to approve the treaty by 2006?
What did Ammar venture to Israeli position of Ali Taher?
What did ZAWTAR SHARQIYEH draw Ammar Serhal to?
What do U. N. officers estimate were planted?
What did International anti-mine campaigners say Thursday that a global treaty against the use of mines has made?
What has signed the treaty?
What do I think?
What had planned an awareness campaign to warn people of the danger of mines and unexploded shells?
Who started coming in?
What did Ammar Serhal step on an antipersonnel mine above on the very day Israel pulled out?
Who were to meet in Switzerland next week?
How many people have died?
What are clearing mines in the southern region which amounts to more than 10 percent of Lebanese territory?
What did Ammar Serhal step on an antipersonnel mine that badly damaged on the very day Israel pulled out?
What do Ammar think?
What did he step on an antipersonnel mine that badly damaged on the very day Israel pulled out?
What did thousands of people flood after Israeli troops left to return home or to celebrate?
What were posters and warnings?
What is lack of maps and limited funding?
What was Ammar Serhal's village?
What did Ammar Serhal step on that badly damaged his right leg on the very day Israel pulled out?
What did Ammar Serhal step on an antipersonnel mine on the very day Israel pulled out?
What lent urgency to the brochures on radio and television?
What did he step on that chopped off his left leg above the knee on the very day Israel pulled out?
Whose withdrawal six weeks ahead of their self-declared deadline of July 7 lent urgency to the brochures on radio and television?
What was his village?
What was his village one of?
When did Ammar Serhal step on an antipersonnel mine that chopped off his left leg above the knee?
What did Israel end its occupation of?
What flooded south Lebanon after Israeli troops left to return home or to celebrate?
What did the Israelis ' withdrawal six weeks ahead of their self-declared deadline of July 7 lend urgency to the brochures on?
How many mines do U. N. officers estimate were planted?
Who stepped on an antipersonnel mine that badly damaged his right leg on the very day Israel pulled out?
What was one of scores of bases and checkpoints hastily vacated as Israel ended its occupation of south Lebanon?
Who did ZAWTAR SHARQIYEH draw to an abandoned Israeli position near his village?
What were the brochures?
What is the difficult terrain?
What did Ammar venture to the vacated hilltop?
What did the 12-year-old discover?
What has said $8. 6 million was needed to clear the south of land mines?
Who stepped on an antipersonnel mine that chopped off his left leg above the knee on the very day Israel pulled out?
What nine people have 62 others injured in explosions of land mines and unexploded shells since?
Who ventured to the vacated hilltop Israeli position of Ali Taher?
Who was 47 miles southeast of Beirut?
What was Zawtar Sharqiyeh 47 miles southeast of?
What left to return home or to celebrate?
What are the Lebanese army and U. N. peacekeepers clearing?
Who also planted mines?
What discovered that though the shooting and shelling of the volatile occupation years was over, Lebanon had not seen the end of the heartache?
What began just as the first casualties started coming in?
What was Zawtar Sharqiyeh?
What is the effort hindered by?
What ended its occupation of south Lebanon?
What did he step on an antipersonnel mine that chopped off his left leg above on the very day Israel pulled out?
Where did Ammar venture Israeli position of Ali Taher?
What did Ammar Serhal step on an antipersonnel mine that chopped off his left leg above on the very day Israel pulled out?
What did he step on that badly damaged his right leg on the very day Israel pulled out?
What was ZAWTAR SHARQIYEH?
When did International anti-mine campaigners say that a global treaty against the use of mines has made a difference in the first year and a half of its life?
When did he step on an antipersonnel mine that chopped off his left leg above the knee?
When did he step on an antipersonnel mine that badly damaged his right leg?
What did he step on an antipersonnel mine above on the very day Israel pulled out?
What did he step on an antipersonnel mine that chopped off above the knee on the very day Israel pulled out?
What had lebanese authorities planned an awareness campaign to warn people of?
Who thinks I will still be able to become a history teacher and draw paintings as I always wanted?
What did Ammar Serhal step on an antipersonnel mine that chopped off above the knee on the very day Israel pulled out?
Who think I will still be able to become a history teacher and draw paintings as I always wanted?
What has the government said?
What remain?
What did the Israelis ' withdrawal six weeks ahead of their self-declared deadline of July 7 lend urgency to on radio and television?
What had lebanese authorities planned an awareness campaign to warn?
What did the Israelis ' withdrawal six weeks ahead of their self-declared deadline of July 7 lend to the brochures on radio and television?
What was Lebanon-- Boyish curiosity?
What is the difficult terrain lack of?
What have died?
Who always wanted?
What did the 12-year-old discover that though the shooting and shelling of the volatile occupation years was over, Lebanon had not seen the end of?
What did the 12-year-old discover that though the shooting and shelling of the volatile occupation years was over, Lebanon had not seen?
What was over?
What has Israel nor Lebanon signed?
When did Ammar Serhal step on an antipersonnel mine that badly damaged his right leg?
Who do I think will still be able to become a history teacher and draw paintings as I always wanted?
Whose village was one of scores of bases and checkpoints hastily vacated as Israel ended its occupation of south Lebanon?
What had lebanese authorities planned to warn people of the danger of mines and unexploded shells?
What has the government said was needed to clear the south of land mines?
What did Guerrillas also plant?
Who said but I do not think I will be able to play soccer anymore?
What did Israel end?
What is hindered by the difficult terrain?
What drew Ammar Serhal to an abandoned Israeli position near his village?
Who do Ammar think will still be able to become a history teacher and draw paintings as I always wanted?
What did International anti-mine campaigners say Thursday?
What do U. N. officers estimate?
What did he step on an antipersonnel mine on the very day Israel pulled out?
What did Ammar Serhal step on that chopped off his left leg above the knee on the very day Israel pulled out?
Who did Ammar venture to the vacated hilltop Israeli position of?
What did Ammar say?
Who estimate at least 50,000 mines were planted?
Who said Thursday that a global treaty against the use of mines has made a difference in the first year and a half of its life?
Who said the mine that maimed him did not kill his dreams?
What was Ammar Serhal's village one of?
What did Diana make?
Who was an analyst now conducting a study on mine strategy in Korea for the Vietnam Veterans of America?
What planted thousands of them during 18 months of civil war in Kosovo?
What essentially relies on member states to monitor themselves?
Who did so do they were fighting?
What was Sen. Patrick Leahy?
What did the death of Diana give a last, emotional boost to an international treaty to ban?
What is one thing?
What is the treaty setting?
What will say, ` Why should there sign when the United States says it's not strong enough to give up land mines? without U. S. support?
What do other supporters of a ban point to progress to on the contrary?
What does it essentially rely on to monitor themselves?
What also want to keep using ``smart'' anti-personnel mines that self-destruct after a time is not enough to trigger them?
What do many say Diana's efforts to draw attention to the fiendish effects of mines before her death may be one of?
What is the weakness of the treaty itself?
Who did yugoslav troops plant thousands of during 18 months of civil war in Kosovo?
When did yugoslav troops plant thousands of them?
What has the administration pledged to sign in the future _?
What has been on public perception?
Who said, ``no one thought about civil war in Kosovo''?
What did the death of Diana give a last, emotional boost to to ban anti-personnel land mines?
What do supporters hope?
What are larger anti-tank mines not prohibited by the treaty since?
Who said, ``It is a little disheartening''?
What went into effect March 1 six months after the 40th nation ratified it?
What did Mary Fowler note?
What essentially relies on member states to report on what stockpiles they have and the efforts they are making to destroy them?
What was Marissa Vitagliano the coordinator of to Ban Land Mines?
Who was Mary Fowler?
What was Mary Fowler the deputy chief of?
What point to progress that has been made according to arms control monitors on the contrary?
What have countries that have so far refused to sign the treaty _ including the United States and Russia _ pledged to stop to stop making altogether?
What does it essentially rely on member states to monitor?
What gave a last, emotional boost to an international treaty to ban anti-personnel land mines?
What do many say her efforts to draw attention to the fiendish effects of mines before her death may be one of?
What did the death of Diana give to an international treaty to ban anti-personnel land mines?
Who was the coordinator of the U. S. Campaign to Ban Land Mines?
What did so do the ethnic Albanian rebels?
What do many say Diana's efforts to draw attention to the fiendish effects of mines before her death may be?
What does the Pentagon develop?
Who said, ``Many, many mines were used in the Persian Gulf war''?
How many years does WASHINGTON _ It has been since the death of Diana gave a last, emotional boost to an international treaty to ban anti-personnel land mines?
Who noted that the countries that have signed on to a ban have destroyed 14 million mines that had been stockpiled when the treaty was written two years ago?
When does WASHINGTON _ It has been since the death of Diana gave a last, emotional boost to an international treaty to ban anti-personnel land mines?
What are sophisticated devices?
What do they insist they need the most common type of _ those left buried in the ground _ to protect South Korea from North Korea?
What are not prohibited by the treaty since the weight of a human?
What still refuse to adopt the treaty?
What is another reason for discouragement?
What has little force?
What has been between Eritrea and Ethiopia, as well as in civil wars in Turkey, Colombia, Congo, Sri Lanka and Afghanistan?
Who insist they need the most common type of land mines _ those left buried in the ground _ to protect South Korea from North Korea?
What (died as a result? )
What is production and stockpiling?
Who point to progress that has been made according to arms control monitors on the contrary?
What is a standard?
What do many say may be one of her greatest legacies?
What have countries that have so far refused to sign the treaty _ including the United States and Russia _ pledged to stop exporting?
What did Diana make the focus of?
Where does it essentially rely to report on what stockpiles they have and the efforts they are making to destroy them?
Who said, ``You do not expect everybody to stop using mines overnight''?
Who do they insist need the most common type of land mines _ those left buried in the ground _ to protect South Korea from North Korea?
What have pledged to stop to stop making certain kinds altogether?
Who say has moved slowly?
What ratified it?
What do anti-personnel land mines appear to be as popular as ever in fighting wars these days despite?
What _ It has been two years since the death of Diana gave a last, emotional boost to an international treaty to ban anti-personnel land mines?
Where is the death of Diana feverishly negotiated?
What does March 1,1999, have?
What did President Clinton bow to?
Who has so's use been reported in?
What has the administration pledged to sign the treaty in?
When has little force?
What is the eradication of mines another?
What do they insist need the most common type of land mines _ those left buried in the ground _ to protect South Korea from North Korea?
Who is Princess of Wales?
What have shown?
What did (Many die as? )
Who said, ``no one thought about it''?
Who was Caleb Rossiter?
What do they insist they need the most common type of land mines _ from?
Who also want to keep using ``smart'' anti-personnel mines that self-destruct after a time is not enough to trigger them?
What did so do the ethnic Albanian rebels were fighting?
What is the death of Diana feverishly negotiated in?
Who does it essentially rely on member states to monitor?
What is another reason for discouragement the weakness of?
What has pledged to sign the treaty in the future _?
What do they point to progress to on the contrary?
What do they insist they need?
What do they point to progress that has been made according to arms control monitors on?
What do reports of mines now evoke images in?
What did yugoslav troops plant during 18 months of civil war in Kosovo?
What say Diana's efforts to draw attention to the fiendish effects of mines before her death may be one of her greatest legacies?
Who was the deputy chief of the U. N.'s Mine Action Service in New York?
What now evoke images in protective gear walking near a minefield in Angola?
Who is Diana?
Who say it is far too soon to write off the treaty as a failure?
What have pledged to stop exporting mines?
What (returned anyway? )
What has the treaty's greatest impact been on?
What do several major countries still refuse to adopt?
What do several major countries mostof the nations in?
What do they also want to keep using that self-destruct after a time is not enough to trigger them?
What insist they need the most common type of land mines _ those left buried in the ground _ to protect South Korea from North Korea?
What is feverishly negotiated in Oslo?
Who was Marissa Vitagliano?
What does it essentially rely on to report on what stockpiles they have and the efforts they are making to destroy them?
What did serbian police also use mines to to keeP refugees from returning home?
Who hope that global peer pressure will gradually force nations to comply?
What do reports of mines now evoke in protective gear walking near a minefield in Angola?
What do she and other supporters of a ban say as?
Who has their use been reported in?
What was the country?
What will say, ` Why should we sign when the United States says it's not strong enough to give up land mines? without U. S. support?
What do she and other supporters of a ban say is far too soon to write off the treaty as a failure?
What do supporters hope that global peer pressure will gradually force to comply?
What do many say?
Whose Mine Action Service in New York was Mary Fowler the deputy chief of?
What did the 40th nation ratify?
What does WASHINGTON _ to?
What is setting a new international standard?
What appear to be as popular as ever in fighting wars these days despite a treaty signed by 135 countries to ban their use?
What does WASHINGTON _ has been two years since the death of Diana gave a last, emotional boost to an international treaty to ban anti-personnel land mines?
Where does it essentially rely to monitor themselves?
Where do several major countries mostof the nations?
Whose efforts to draw attention to the fiendish effects of mines before her death do many say may be one of her greatest legacies?
Who is Diana Princess of?
What say her efforts to draw attention to the fiendish effects of mines before her death may be one of her greatest legacies?
Whose efforts to draw attention to the fiendish effects of mines before her death do many say?
What does it have?
What are ``smart'' anti-personnel mines?
What has been reported in the recent flareups between India and Pakistan?
When did the 40th nation ratify?
What do they also want to keep using ``smart'' anti-personnel mines?
Who did so do the ethnic Albanian rebels were fighting?
What did Mary Fowler note that the countries that have signed on to a ban have destroyed?
What is the treaty signed by 135 countries to ban their use?
What do many say her efforts to draw attention to the fiendish effects of mines before her death may be?
What is aware that mines were used in Kosovo?
Who did serbian police also use mines to booby-trap ransacked Albanian homes to keeP from returning home?
What do several major countries mostof in the Middle East?
What did the ethnic Albanian rebels they were fighting?
What was Guinea-Bissau, Senegal and Angola?
What are cheap and durable and deadly?
What develops alternatives to mines?
Who made the focus of her own anti-mine crusade?
What do they insist?
What are larger anti-tank mines not prohibited by since the weight of a human?
Who was D-Vt?
What do other supporters of a ban point to progress that has been made according to arms control monitors on?
What did yugoslav troops plant thousands of during 18 months of civil war in Kosovo?
What also used mines to booby-trap ransacked Albanian homes to keeP refugees from returning home?
What mostof the nations in the Middle East?
What did serbian police also use to booby-trap ransacked Albanian homes to keeP refugees from returning home?
Who bowed to pressure from Pentagon commanders opposed to the treaty's restrictions?
What ratified March 1,1999, ?
What did Canada sign several months ago?
What uses anti-personnel weapons in its fight against Israeli occupation?
Where will the Mideast tour take him Friday night?
What did lebanese House Speaker Nabih Berry express the same idea at?
What will become easier for Lebanon to sign it?
What did Canada hope can be among the first batch to sign?
What hoped Lebanon can be among the first batch to sign?
What did Canada hope among?
What did today fail to take into signing the Convention to Ban Anti-Personnel Mines during meetings with Lebanese leaders?
What will the Mideast tour take canadian Foreign Minister Lloyd Axworthy to Friday night?
What did Axworthy go to the country's southern port city of Saida Friday afternoon to meet with in addition to talks with Lebanese leaders?
What does the Islamic resistance in the south use in its fight against Israeli occupation?
Who said if Israel signs the treaty?
What did Axworthy go to Friday afternoon to meet with a group of children victims of land mines in addition to talks with Lebanese leaders?
What did Lebanon reject to the ban because the Islamic resistance in the south uses anti-personnel weapons in its fight against Israeli occupation?
When will a conference on the land mine ban be held in Ottawa when those participating countries are expected to sign the treaty?
What has the Mideast tour taken the Canadian foreign minister to?
What did Lebanon reject the signing to because the Islamic resistance in the south uses anti-personnel weapons in its fight against Israeli occupation?
What is outside Lebanon?
What did lebanese House Speaker Nabih Berry express at the meeting?
Who did Axworthy explain to that the aim of signing the treaty is to help the countries concerned remove the mines and provide victims with financial assistance?
What did today fail to take Lebanon into signing the Convention to Ban Anti-Personnel Mines during?
What rejected the signing to the ban because the Islamic resistance in the south uses anti-personnel weapons in its fight against Israeli occupation?
What is outside it?
What is Israel outside?
What did Axworthy arrive in Beirut Thursday night on?
What has taken the Canadian foreign minister to Egypt, Israel and Jordan?
Where did Axworthy go Friday afternoon to meet with a group of children victims of land mines in addition to talks with Lebanese leaders?
What did Axworthy explain to reporters at a joint news conference with Boueiz with?
What destroyed its last land mine last week?
Who has the Mideast tour taken to Egypt, Israel and Jordan?
When failed to take Lebanon into signing the Convention to Ban Anti-Personnel Mines during meetings with Lebanese leaders?
Who expressed the same idea at the meeting?
What did Axworthy go to the country's southern port city of Saida Friday afternoon to meet with a group of children victims of land mines in?
What destroyed the treaty's last land mine last week?
What will be held in Ottawa on December 2-4 when those participating countries are expected to sign the treaty?
Who will a conference on the land mine ban be held in on December 2-4 when those participating countries are expected to sign the treaty?
What will the Mideast tour take him to Friday night?
Who added?
What did Canada hope Lebanon can be among?
What will take him to Syria Friday night?
What does the Islamic resistance in the south use anti-personnel weapons in?
Where will the Mideast tour take canadian Foreign Minister Lloyd Axworthy Friday night?
Where has the Mideast tour taken the Canadian foreign minister?
What signed the treaty several months ago?
What will take canadian Foreign Minister Lloyd Axworthy to Syria Friday night?
What is to join more than 100 countries in Canada this week to sign a treaty banning the use or possession of anti-personnel mines?
What did he say the organization also wanted to extend programs for?
Who was spokesman for the South African campaign to ban landmines?
What did Richard Sherman say his organization welcomed?
What did Richard Sherman say?
What did he say also wanted to extend programs for mine clearance and victim assistance?
What did Richard Sherman say welcomed his country's involvement in a treaty against the use, stockpiling, production and transfer of anti-personnel mines?
When is JOHANNESBURG?
What did Richard Sherman say also wanted to extend programs for mine clearance and victim assistance?
Who is expected to sign the treaty on Wednesday in Ottawa?
Who said his organization welcomed his country's involvement in a treaty against the use, stockpiling, production and transfer of anti-personnel mines?
What did Richard Sherman say the organization also wanted to extend programs for?
What did Richard Sherman say for?
Who said the organization also wanted to extend programs for mine clearance and victim assistance?
What did Richard Sherman say the organization also wanted to extend for mine clearance and victim assistance?
What did he say for?
Who was Richard Sherman?
What is December 2-- South Africa?
What did he say the organization also wanted to extend for mine clearance and victim assistance?
What did a ministry spokesman tell a news briefing that Ukraine rejected because the destruction of anti-personnel weapons needed a large amount of money?
When did the Ukrainian Foreign Ministry announce?
What is being held in Ottawa?
What will signatories be required to destroy their reserves of land mines within four years under?
When did the spokesman say?
Who did not rule out a possible signing in the future?
Who did the spokesman say stopped manufacturing mines and had suspended mine exports since 1995?
What announced today?
What did the destruction of anti-personnel weapons need?
When was KIEV?
What did a ministry spokesman tell that Ukraine rejected the signing because the destruction of anti-personnel weapons needed a large amount of money?
What could not afford the financial burden?
What are most of the participating countries expected to sign?
What could Ukraine not afford?
What is Ottawa?
Who is Canada?
What needed a large amount of money?
What did the spokesman not rule out?
What are expected to sign the treaty?
Who said Ukraine stopped manufacturing mines and had suspended mine exports since 1995?
What did a ministry spokesman tell a news briefing?
Who is a three-day conference on the land mines ban being held in?
What was December 2-- Ukraine?
What did the destruction of anti-personnel weapons need a large amount of?
Who told a news briefing that Ukraine rejected the signing because the destruction of anti-personnel weapons needed a large amount of money?
Who will be required to destroy their reserves of land mines within four years under the pact?
What were the 500-plus delegates from government?
Who do those who have signed then have four years to destroy their stockpiles of to clear minefields?
What does the treaty go into six months after 40 countries ratify it?
How many years do those who have signed then have to destroy their stockpiles of landmines and 10 years to clear minefields?
What bans the use, production, stockpiling and transfer of anti-personnel landmines?
What does the treaty ban?
What ratify it?
What ratify effect?
What did canadian Foreign Minister Lloyd Axworthy tell the 500-plus delegates from government here is ``just a beginning''?
What did OTTAWA with 121 countries put their signatures onto?
How many countries ratify effect?
Who told the 500-plus delegates from government the signing here is ``just a beginning''?
Where is the treaty adopted in September?
What have four years to destroy their stockpiles of landmines and 10 years to clear minefields?
What do those who have signed then have four years to destroy to clear minefields?
Where do those who have signed then have four years to destroy their stockpiles of landmines and 10 years?
What is negotiated?
Who were non-government organizations and international agencies?
Who put their signatures onto the document?
What did OTTAWA with 121 countries put onto the document?
When was OTTAWA?
What is adopted in Oslo in September?
What do 40 countries ratify?
Who did canadian Foreign Minister Lloyd Axworthy tell the signing here is ``just a beginning''?
What do those who have signed then have four years to destroy their stockpiles of landmines and 10 years to?
What did canadian Foreign Minister Lloyd Axworthy wave a thick document titled An Agenda for?
Who was December 4-- The treaty-signing conference on a global ban on landmines concluded here today?
What did he wave for Mine Action?
Who waved a thick document titled An Agenda for Mine Action?
What is the treaty adopted in in September?
When is the treaty adopted in Oslo?
What goes into effect six months after 40 countries ratify it?
What did canadian Foreign Minister Lloyd Axworthy tell the 500-plus delegates from government the signing here is ?
What is Norway?
What did he wave a thick document titled An Agenda for?
How many countries ratify it?
When do those who have signed then have to destroy their stockpiles of landmines and 10 years to clear minefields?
What is Oslo?
What did canadian Foreign Minister Lloyd Axworthy wave for Mine Action?
Who said?
What did the South African lobby group say while Clinton travels through Africa, it is collecting?
What does the call coincide with?
What has called on President Bill Clinton of the United States to sign a treaty banning landmines Against Landmines?
Who has JOHANNESBURG-- The South African Campaign called on President Bill Clinton of the United States to sign a treaty banning landmines Against?
What was a former producer?
What said Africa is a continent solidly behind a treaty prohibiting production transfer and use of anti-personnel mines?
What did the group say Africa is a continent solidly behind?
What did the group say is ironic the American leader is visiting Africa to discuss economic recovery support in a statement issued here Wednesday?
What did it say is the millions of hectares of land that cannot be developed as a result of millions of explosive devices?
What does Clinton travel through?
What are Ghana, Uganda, Senegal, South Africa, Botswana and Rwanda?
Who did the group say it is ironic is visiting Africa to discuss economic recovery support in a statement issued here Wednesday?
What have signed the treaty?
What said it is ironic the American leader is visiting Africa to discuss economic recovery support in a statement issued here Wednesday?
What did the group say in a statement issued here Wednesday?
Who travels through Africa?
How many African countries are Ghana, Uganda, Senegal, South Africa, Botswana and Rwanda?
What did the group say it is ironic the American leader is visiting Africa to discuss economic recovery support in?
What said all the countries Clinton is touring have played major roles in global efforts to create a mine-free world?
What did the group say is the millions of hectares of land that cannot be developed as a result of millions of explosive devices?
Who was South Africa?
Who did the group say is a continent solidly behind a treaty prohibiting production transfer and use of anti-personnel mines?
What did South Africa destroy more than three million of before it signed the international convention last year?
What is March 25?
What did the anti-landmine campaign say all the countries Clinton is touring have played major roles in?
What did the group say?
What have a total of 38 African countries signed?
What did the group say one of the most critical impending recovery on the continent is the millions of?
What did the group say one of the most critical impending recovery on the continent is?
What did the anti-landmine campaign say in?
What did the group say Africa is solidly behind a treaty prohibiting production transfer and use of anti-personnel mines?
What has JOHANNESBURG-- The South African Campaign called on President Bill Clinton of the United States to sign Against Landmines?
What refuses to approve it?
What did the group say it is ironic in a statement issued here Wednesday?
What did the anti-landmine campaign say all the countries Clinton is touring have played in global efforts to create a mine-free world?
Whose 11-day tour of six African countries does the call coincide with?
What did the anti-landmine campaign say have played major roles in global efforts to create a mine-free world?
What did the South African lobby group say while Clinton travels through Africa, is collecting signatures protesting against U. S. policy on the explosive devices?
When is JOHANNESBURG?
What did South Africa destroy before it signed the international convention last year?
What did it say one of the most critical impending recovery on the continent is?
What did the group say it is ironic the American leader is visiting to discuss economic recovery support in a statement issued here Wednesday?
What destroyed more than three million of its anti-personnel landmine stockpiles before it signed the international convention last year?
What did it say?
What signed the international convention last year?
What are six African countries?
What does the U. S. government refuse to approve a total of?
What does the U. S. government refuse to approve?
What did it say one of the most critical impending recovery on the continent is the millions of?
What did the South African lobby group say through?
What did the group say solidly behind?
Who has JOHANNESBURG-- The South African Campaign called on to sign a treaty banning landmines Against Landmines?
What coincides with Clinton's 11-day tour of six African countries?
What said while Clinton travels through Africa, it is collecting signatures protesting against U. S. policy on the explosive devices?
What refuses to approve a total of 38 African countries, including the 14 members of the Southern African Development Community, ?
What have yet to reply?
What is stockpiling transporting?
What would Thailand need to rehabilitate the victims of land mines?
What will the treaty become an international law in next year?
What was October 25-- Thailand?
What is the comprehensive ban on using transporting?
What would need at least 800 million baht to clear mines?
What imposes a comprehensive ban on using?
What is the Foreign Ministry coordinating?
What did the Permanent Secretary's Office of Defense inform?
What is coordinating preparations for the ratification process of the treaty?
What would need at least 800 million baht to rehabilitate the victims of land mines?
Who would Thailand need at least 800 million baht to rehabilitate?
What is the comprehensive ban on using?
What would Thailand need at least 800 million baht to rehabilitate the victims of?
What submitted the letter of affirmation to the Foreign Ministry on Thursday?
What did the army submit to the Foreign Ministry on Thursday?
What have the air force and navy both submitted their letters of affirmation to?
What would Thailand need at least 800 million baht to clear?
What reported Sunday BANGKOK is poised to ratify the Mine Ban Treaty of 1997 after the army submitted the letter of affirmation to the Foreign Ministry on Thursday?
What is stockpiling?
What have both submitted their letters of affirmation to the ministry?
What did the army submit the letter of to the Foreign Ministry on Thursday?
What is producing?
What have the air force and navy both submitted their letters of to the ministry?
What would Thailand need to clear mines?
What does the treaty impose?
Whose Office of Defense informed the Foreign Ministry?
What informed the Foreign Ministry?
What did the army submit the letter of affirmation to?
What is transporting anti-personnel mines?
When was BANGKOK?
What have the air force and navy both submitted to the ministry?
What will become an international law in March next year?
Where did surveys show?
What did Mozambican President Joaquim Chissano say the meeting offered?
How many years will it take to clear all the mines at the current rate of removing 11,000 mines per year?
What was effective in September?
What have ratified it?
How many countries have ratified it?
What have 135 countries ratified?
What has the issue of anti-personnel mines topped?
What will take about 160 years to clear all the mines at the current rate of removing 11,000 mines per year?
What issued a declaration asking all SADC members to prohibit anti-personnel mines?
When will it take about 160 years to clear all the mines?
What was the Ottawa Treaty signed in December 1997 by?
What will it take about 160 years to clear at the current rate of removing 11,000 mines per year?
Who expressed the hope that all parties will coordinate and reach consensus at the meeting to achieve the goal of rooting out land mines in ten years time?
What treated a declaration asking all SADC members to prohibit anti-personnel mines as a national policy?
What did surveys show over?
What did he appeal to all signatories to to ratify it as soon as possible?
What did Chissano call on to implement the Treaty?
What showed that a total of two million mines have been planted all over Mozambique during the country's civil war?
What did the 1997 Southern African Development Community summit in Malawi issue?
What did Mozambican President Joaquim Chissano say?
How many countries have ratified December 1997?
What did he express?
Who appealed to all signatories to the Treaty to ratify it as soon as possible?
Who was Louise Frechette?
Who did he appeal to to the Treaty to ratify it as soon as possible?
What was 1998?
Who was assistant secretary?
What did Mozambican President Joaquim Chissano say offered a good opportunity for mapping out strategies to eliminate anti-personnel land mines to rid peoples of the world of their danger?
What did surveys show that a total of two million mines have been planted over during the country's civil war?
Who revealed that a SADC de-mining committee has been set up to coordinate efforts in this regard?
When have 135 countries ratified?
What has topped the political itinerary of southern Africa?
What has the issue of anti-personnel mines topped the political itinerary of?
Who was Salim Ahmed Salim?
What is to clear all the mines on the earth?
What did he appeal to all signatories to the Treaty to ratify as soon as possible?
What those who have not signed the Treaty to do?
Who called on joint efforts by all countries and the international community to implement the Treaty?
What did Chissano call on joint efforts by all countries and the international community to implement?
What have ratified December 1997?
What treated it as a national policy?
Where did surveys show that a total of two million mines have been planted during the country's civil war?
What to do it?
What did the president appeal to all signatories to the Treaty to ratify as soon as possible?
When was the Treaty?
When was the Ottawa Treaty signed by 135 countries?
Who said the meeting offered a good opportunity for mapping out strategies to eliminate anti-personnel land mines to rid peoples of the world of their danger?
What did the president reveal in?
What did the 1997 Southern African Development Community summit in Malawi treat as a national policy?
What did the president appeal to all signatories to to ratify it as soon as possible?
What is estimated to be over 300 million?
What did the 1997 Southern African Development Community summit in Malawi treat a declaration asking all SADC members to prohibit anti-personnel mines as?
What did Mozambican President Joaquim Chissano express?
When will it take to clear all the mines at the current rate of removing 11,000 mines per year?
Who was secretary?
When was the Treaty 1998 effective?
What did the 1997 Southern African Development Community summit in Malawi treat it as?
What did surveys show that a total of two million mines have been planted all over Mozambique during?
Who was signed in December 1997 by 135 countries?
When were also Louise Frechette- general of the United Nations, and Salim Ahmed Salim- general of the Organization of African Unity?
Who did the president appeal to to the Treaty to ratify it as soon as possible?
What is scheduled to end on May 7?
Who were present at the opening also?
What will come to a close Friday?
What did an investigator with an international mines prohibition campaign even say that the local government prevented?
What said here Thursday that Angola will continue to use anti-personnel land mines?
What did an investigator with an international mines prohibition campaign even say new land mine zones had cropped up in?
What are Angola?
What are the four countries which suffer most from land mines in the southern African region?
Who is the first Angolan senior official to make a speech at the meeting which started on May 3?
Who was MAPUTO-- Angola's Deputy Foreign Minister?
What is Angola?
What did an investigator with an international mines prohibition campaign even say in?
What was Angola about 60 kinds of?
What admitted that Angola does not produce or export land mines?
Where did an investigator with an international mines prohibition campaign even say?
Who were thrown into renewed civil war in late1998?
What were about 250,000 people another 500,000 injured by them in?
What did a report titled ``Toward a Mine-free World Monitor Report 1999'' say into?
What were about 250,000 people another 500,000 injured by in this region in the past 20 years?
How many people were killed by land mines?
What were killed by land mines?
Where were about 250,000 people another 500,000 injured by anti-personnel land mines?
Who is it said that one out of 415 Angolans has been?
What is the Democratic Republic of Congo and Namibia?
What was Angola?
What did Serrao make the remarks at the on-going meeting of the signatory states of the convention on?
What is Angola still locked in?
How many countries which suffer most from land mines in the southern African region are Angola?
What said anti-personnel land mines have found?
What was Maputo capital of?
What did it say have found?
What was Toko Serrao?
What did the Angolan government sign on December 4,1997?
What were anti-personnel land mines thrown into?
Who is the international organization said?
What was about 60 kinds of anti-personnel land mines imported from over 10 countries?
What did MAPUTO-- Angola's Deputy Foreign Minister say here Thursday?
What did an investigator with an international mines prohibition campaign even say?
When did MAPUTO-- Angola's Deputy Foreign Minister say that Angola will continue to use anti-personnel land mines?
What will the land mine prohibition meeting come to Friday?
What did it say?
What were thrown into renewed civil war in late1998?
Who is Serrao?
What signed the land mine prohibition convention on December 4,1997?
How many kinds of anti-personnel land mines imported from over 10 countries was Angola?
What said they have found?
How many people were another 500,000 injured by anti-personnel land mines in this region in the past 20 years?
What did MAPUTO-- Angola's Deputy Foreign Minister say here Thursday that Angola will continue to use?
Who is it said?
Where did an investigator with an international mines prohibition campaign even say new land mine zones had cropped up?
How many people were another 500,000 injured by them in this region in the past 20 years?
When will the land mine prohibition meeting come to a close?
What did the international organization say?
What was capital of Mozambique?
What is it said that one out of 415 Angolans has been a victim of?
Where were about 250,000 people another 500,000 injured by them?
What was Maputo?
What is said that one out of 415 Angolans has been a victim of land mine in this southern African country with a population of 12 million?
When has angolan government been criticized for not observing the land mine prohibition convention?
What did the international organization admit?
Who even said that the local government prevented any move of clearing land mines in the area?
What were they thrown into?
What were about 250,000 people another 500,000 injured by anti-personnel land mines in?
What did an investigator with an international mines prohibition campaign even say had cropped up in eastern Angola's Luena district?
What is still locked in a civil war?
What were another 500,000 injured by them in this region in the past 20 years?
What has attracted about 1,000 representatives from 72 countries and organizations including the United Nations?
What did the international organization say have found?
When did the Angolan government sign the land mine prohibition convention?
What was May 6?
Who did it say have found?
Who even said new land mine zones had cropped up in eastern Angola's Luena district?
What is Mozambique?
When was MAPUTO?
What did Serrao make the remarks at on the prohibition of the use, storage, production and transference of anti-personnel land mines being held in Maputo?
Who is the international organization said that one out of 415 Angolans has been?
What has been criticized these days for not observing the land mine prohibition convention?
How many representatives from 72 countries and organizations including the United Nations has the land mine prohibition meeting attracted?
What is Angola the Democratic Republic of?
What were about 250,000 people killed by?
What were another 500,000 injured by anti-personnel land mines in this region in the past 20 years?
Who were about 250,000 people another 500,000 injured by in this region in the past 20 years?
Who has the land mine prohibition meeting attracted?
What is the international organization said that one out of 415 Angolans has been a victim of?
What did the statement express that the Angolan government and the rebel National Union are still using lethal land mines, and women and children in particular?
How many countries have not approved the treaty?
What did the statement express regret?
What did the anti-landmine group say in a statement carried by the Noticias newspaper that the use of lethal land mines is?
What did a statement carried by the Noticias newspaper further ask to exert influence upon the governments concerned in a bid to accelerate the demining process around the world?
What did it further ask the Portuguese-speaking countries to exert influence upon?
Who have signed?
What did it further ask the Portuguese-speaking countries to exert upon the governments concerned in a bid to accelerate the demining process around the world?
What did a statement carried by the Noticias newspaper further ask to exert influence upon the governments concerned in a bid to help the victims of land mines?
What is production?
What did the statement express regret that the Angolan government and the rebel National Union are still using?
What is July 13-- The Mozambican Anti-landmine Campaign?
How many members of the Community of Portuguese-speaking States have signed?
What has called upon the parliaments of the Community of Portuguese-speaking States to approve the Ottawa Convention?
What did it call upon?
What have more than 50 countries not approved?
What was Portugal?
What expressed regret that the Angolan government and the rebel National Union are still using lethal land mines, and women and children in particular?
What does the Ottawa Convention ban?
What was the only member of the Community of Portuguese- speaking States?
What further asked the Portuguese-speaking countries to exert influence upon the governments concerned in a bid to accelerate the demining process around the world?
What has MAPUTO called upon to approve the Ottawa Convention?
What did it further ask the Portuguese-speaking countries to exert upon the governments concerned in a bid to help the victims of land mines?
What said in a statement carried by the Noticias newspaper that the use of lethal land mines is violation of basic human rights?
What was Portugal the only member of of Portuguese- speaking States?
What bans production?
What did a statement carried by the Noticias newspaper further ask the Portuguese-speaking countries to exert influence upon?
What is production use and stock of?
What further asked the Portuguese-speaking countries to exert influence upon the governments concerned in a bid to help the victims of land mines?
What is use and stock of lethal land mines?
What did it further ask to exert influence upon the governments concerned in a bid to help the victims of land mines?
What did the anti-landmine group say in a statement carried by the Noticias newspaper?
How many members of the Community of Portuguese-speaking States have approved the anti-landmine convention?
What have the seven members of the Community of Portuguese-speaking States approved?
What was Portugal the only member of the Community of- speaking States?
What were lethal land mines maiming?
What have not approved the treaty?
What did the anti-landmine group say in a statement carried by the Noticias newspaper that the use of lethal land mines is violation of?
What has MAPUTO called upon the parliaments of the Community of Portuguese-speaking States to approve?
What were maiming innocent people?
What were killing?
What called upon Portugal?
When is MAPUTO?
What did it further ask to exert influence upon the governments concerned in a bid to accelerate the demining process around the world?
Who have approved the anti-landmine convention?
What did a statement carried by the Noticias newspaper call upon?
What did the anti-landmine group say in that the use of lethal land mines is violation of basic human rights?
What will NAIROBI next year ratify banning the use of land mines, according to a senior Kenyan government official?
What will NAIROBI next year ratify the Ottawa Treaty banning the use of, according to a senior Kenyan government official?
What have some 133 states signed?
How many countries out of the 53 member states of the Organization of African Unity have endorsed the treaty?
What did the Kenya Times newspaper Saturday quote Attorney-General Amos Wako as saying there is as provided for in the international humanitarian law?
What was the 122nd country to sign in December 1997?
What will next year ratify the Ottawa Treaty banning the use of land mines, according to a senior Kenyan government official?
What quoted Attorney-General Amos Wako as saying there is need for protection of human rights as provided for in the international humanitarian law?
Who did the Kenya Times newspaper Saturday quote as saying there is need for protection of human rights as provided for in the international humanitarian law?
What have endorsed the treaty?
How many states have signed the treaty?
What was Kenya to sign in December 1997?
What will NAIROBI next year ratify the Ottawa Treaty banning, according to a senior Kenyan government official?
What have signed the treaty?
What have about 42 countries out of the 53 member states of the Organization of African Unity endorsed?
When will NAIROBI ratify the Ottawa Treaty banning the use of land mines, according to a senior Kenyan government official?
Who will NAIROBI next year ratify the Ottawa Treaty banning the use of land mines, according to?
What did report reached here say on Friday JOHANNESBURG has called on to join the mine ban treaty?
What is trade?
When did report reached here say JOHANNESBURG has called on all 14 member states of Southern African Development Community to join the mine ban treaty?
What have forty-five of the 53 nations in Africa signed in or stockpiling of antipersonnel mines?
Where did report reached here say on Friday JOHANNESBURG has called to join the mine ban treaty?
What have forty-five of the 53 nations in Africa signed the treaty in?
What have signed the treaty in or stockpiling of antipersonnel mines?
What did the campaigners say in a message to SADC acting Executive Secretary Prega Ramsamy?
What is use?
What does the treaty prohibit?
What prohibits use?
What did report reached here say on Friday has called on all 14 member states of Southern African Development Community to join the mine ban treaty?
What is production?
When was JOHANNESBURG?
What did report reached here say on Friday JOHANNESBURG has called on all 14 member states of Southern African Development Community to join?
What said on Friday JOHANNESBURG has called on all 14 member states of Southern African Development Community to join the mine ban treaty?
What did the campaigners say they are concerned in a message to SADC acting Executive Secretary Prega Ramsamy?
What was August 4-- The International Campaign to Ban Landmines?
