What do the owners of the Jabiluka lease claim will cause environmental and indirect cultural damage?
What is Jabiluka?
What goes ahead without having formal approvals to either build a processing plant or to truck ore to an established mill at its nearby Ranger mine?
What did Australia _?
Who said it expects to begin digging at the remote Jabiluka mining lease in the Northern Territory this month?
What do the owners of the Jabiluka lease oppose?
What did Representatives of the Mirrar Aboriginal clan say Wednesday they will seek until an environmental approval process for the on-site mill plan is completed?
What has ERA identified?
What is ERA's success at Jabiluka considered a litmus test for at least a dozen other potential uranium mine projects in?
How many tons of uranium oxide at Jabiluka has ERA identified?
What is only two?
What did the territorial government on Tuesday sign authorizations allowing work to begin on?
What did government policy prevent the opening of for more than a decade until 1996?
What is ERA's success at Jabiluka considered in Australia?
Who was Philip Shirvington?
Where is ERA's success at Jabiluka considered a litmus test for at least a dozen other potential uranium mine projects?
What did Philip Shirvington say there was only?
What do the owners of the Jabiluka lease claim Australia's first new uranium mine in a decade will cause?
What did Energy Resources of Australia Ltd. say at?
What has only about 14 percent of the world market?
What did spokeswoman Jacqui Katona tell radio, ``We believe the minister cannot make a thorough decision without considering the environmental assessment for the milling option''?
What signed authorizations allowing work to begin on the mine's entrance and shaft?
What was a similar injunction by?
What did Representatives of the Mirrar Aboriginal clan say?
When did government policy prevent the opening of new uranium mines until 1996?
What are bound by a 1983 contract approving the mill-on-site option?
What is considered a litmus test for at least a dozen other potential uranium mine projects in Australia?
What are the owners of the Jabiluka lease bound by?
What is completed?
What is Jabiluka one of?
What did spokeswoman Jacqui Katona tell Australian Broadcasting Corp. radio, ``We believe''?
Who was chief executive of ERA?
When has been forced to consider building a second mill just 13 miles from Ranger by Aboriginal landowners ' refusal to accept its preferred option?
Who was ERA?
What do the owners of the Jabiluka lease claim?
Who oppose the mine?
Who are bound by a 1983 contract approving the mill-on-site option?
What did Philip Shirvington say?
What was ERA a subsidiary of?
What did Energy Resources of Australia Ltd. say expects to begin digging at the remote Jabiluka mining lease in the Northern Territory this month?
Whose refusal to accept its preferred option has ERA been forced to consider building a second mill just 13 miles from Ranger by?
Who claim it will cause environmental and indirect cultural damage?
What _ The opening of Australia's first new uranium mine in a decade continues to inch closer?
Who said there was only a ``small risk'' the company will not receive the remaining environmental approvals?
What did government policy prevent for more than a decade until 1996?
What was last week lifted by the territory's Supreme Court?
What has ERA been forced to consider building a second mill just 13 miles from Ranger by?
What are they bound by?
What does Australia have only about 14 percent of?
What did spokeswoman Jacqui Katona tell Australian Broadcasting Corp. radio, ``the owners of the Jabiluka lease believe''?
What did the territorial government on Tuesday sign authorizations allowing to begin on the mine's entrance and shaft?
What did the territorial government on Tuesday sign allowing work to begin on the mine's entrance and shaft?
What does Australia have?
Who said Wednesday they will seek a court order blocking the territorial government's approval until an environmental approval process for the on-site mill plan is completed?
What does Australia have about 30 percent of?
When was a subsidiary of North Ltd.?
Who told Australian Broadcasting Corp. radio, ``We believe the minister cannot make a thorough decision without considering the environmental assessment for the milling option''?
When was Philip Shirvington chief executive?
Who claim Australia's first new uranium mine in a decade will cause environmental and indirect cultural damage?
When has identified more than 90,000 tons of uranium oxide at Jabiluka?
What says?
What did Energy Resources of Australia Ltd. say it expects to begin digging at the remote Jabiluka mining lease in this month?
Who is one of the largest untapped high-grade uranium ore bodies in the world?
When did government policy prevent the opening of new uranium mines for more than a decade?
What was a similar injunction last week lifted by?
What may the company be left with in the ground?
What did Energy Resources of Australia Ltd. say it expects to begin digging at in the Northern Territory this month?
What has about 30 percent of the world's recoverable uranium reserves?
What prevented the opening of new uranium mines for more than a decade until 1996?
What is ERA's Ranger and Western Mining Corp.?
What may the company be left with nothing but a hole in?
What has ERA identified more than 90,000 tons of?
When was a similar injunction lifted by the territory's Supreme Court?
What may be left with nothing but a hole in the ground?
Where did Energy Resources of Australia Ltd. say it expects to begin digging at the remote Jabiluka mining lease this month?
What did Australia _ continues to inch closer?
What do the owners of the Jabiluka lease claim it will cause?
Who said, ``we saw the opportunity''?
What was the protest site?
What was SYDNEY Australia _ Construction of?
What is considered a litmus test for several other potential uranium mine projects in Australia?
What is Jabiluka?
What did Chief executive Phillip Shirvington say will take up to 18 months?
When has a 1983 agreement signed by the landowners approving this plan?
What has ERA identified?
How many tons of uranium oxide at Jabiluka has ERA identified?
What does ERA expect to boost the country's share of the world uranium market?
Where did work begin despite the company not having final approval for its preferred plan for the project?
What is building processing facilities at Jabiluka?
How many miles was the protest site?
What was SYDNEY?
When did Shirvington say?
What is opposed by key Aboriginal landowners?
What have who do not want Jabiluka to proceed's attempts to have the mining lease declared invalid failed in?
What is the Jabiluka project considered?
What was SYDNEY under Tuesday?
What did Energy Resources of Australia Ltd. say a single bulldozer began clearing the site ahead of?
Who have disputed the 1983 agreement?
What does ERA expect to add U. S. dlrs 3. 7 billion to Australia's gross domestic product over an about 30-year mine life?
What was Australia _ Construction of Australia's first new uranium mine in a decade?
What does it expect the mine to boost the country's share of?
Who said, ``he agreed''?
When did Chief executive Phillip Shirvington say construction of the mine will take up?
What is a more expensive option building processing facilities at?
Who said, ``we saw the opportunity and negotiated with him to start working for us''?
What does it expect the mine to add to Australia's gross domestic product over an about 30-year mine life?
What does it expect the mine to add U. S. dlrs 3. 7 billion to?
What does it expect the mine to boost?
Who do not want Jabiluka to proceed?
What is a more expensive option building at Jabiluka?
Who said a single bulldozer entered the Jabiluka mining lease in northern Australia late Monday?
Who is the plan opposed by?
Who said construction of the mine will take up to 18 months?
What is Jabiluka one of?
What have landowners disputed?
What does ERA expect the mine to boost?
When expects the mine to boost the country's share of the world uranium market?
What did Energy Resources of Australia Ltd. say a single bulldozer began clearing?
Who said, ``He was pretty angry''?
What was under way Tuesday?
Who said a single bulldozer began clearing the site ahead of actual construction?
What does it expect to add U. S. dlrs 3. 7 billion to Australia's gross domestic product over an about 30-year mine life?
What does Australia have about 30 percent of the world's recoverable uranium reserves, but only about 14 percent of the world market because of?
When expects the mine to add U. S. dlrs 3. 7 billion to Australia's gross domestic product over an about 30-year mine life?
Who said, ``who do not want Jabiluka to proceed saw the opportunity''?
What began on site despite the company not having final approval for its preferred plan for the project?
What does it expect to boost the country's share of the world uranium market?
What has the plan been approved by?
What expects the mine to boost the country's share of the world uranium market?
Who said, ``who do not want Jabiluka to proceed saw the opportunity and negotiated with him to start working for us''?
Who was trying to reach a different job?
What does Australia have about 30 percent of because of a previous government's restriction on the number of uranium mines?
What has been approved by government?
What does ERA expect the mine to add to Australia's gross domestic product over an about 30-year mine life?
What wants to truck uranium ore from Jabiluka to its existing mine and plant at Ranger?
What does the company want to?
What does ERA expect the mine to boost the country's share of?
What was miner?
What was about 220 miles?
When did Chief executive Phillip Shirvington say?
What does Australia have because of a previous government's restriction on the number of uranium mines?
What have failed in the courts?
Who was Kate Lecchi?
What does ERA not have environmental approvals from?
Who said, ``he agreed and started straight away''?
When was SYDNEY under way?
What does ERA not have from the federal government?
When does not have environmental approvals from the federal government?
What expects the mine to add U. S. dlrs 3. 7 billion to Australia's gross domestic product over an about 30-year mine life?
When has identified more than 90,000 tons of uranium oxide at Jabiluka?
What have their attempts to have the mining lease declared invalid failed in?
Who is one of the largest untapped high-grade uranium ore bodies in the world?
Who said, ``he started straight away''?
Who was a spokeswoman for the protesters?
What does ERA have?
What did Energy Resources of Australia Ltd. say began clearing the site ahead of actual construction?
Who do key Aboriginal landowners not want to proceed?
What has ERA identified more than 90,000 tons of?
What did work begin on despite the company not having final approval for its preferred plan for the project?
What does ERA expect the mine to add U. S. dlrs 3. 7 billion to?
Who was actual construction?
What did Energy Resources of Australia Ltd. say entered the Jabiluka mining lease in northern Australia late Monday?
What are genuine and open in their objectives?
What is Jabiluka?
What will the delegation report to in December?
What did advisor to the committee Jim Thorsell say Kakadu could be put on UNESCO's ``in danger'' list in?
What is under threat?
What decided to investigate claims the area?
What is the park also recognized for?
What would such a listing not necessarily prevent from going ahead?
What does the bureau resolution say the Australian government has assured the bureau its environmental safeguards will not let be affected by the mine?
What did ERA chief executive Philip Shirvington welcome the prospect of?
What was listed by the United Nations Education, Scientific and Cultural Organization on its World Heritage list of important cultural and environmental sites?
What are both mining leases technically not part of?
Who are genuine and open in their objectives?
What has Mining company Energy Resources of Australia Ltd. consistently said its environmental record has been proven by?
What values at risk?
What has Mining company Energy Resources of Australia Ltd. consistently said has been proven by the 16-year operation of the Ranger uranium mine?
What will World Heritage Committee chairman Prof. Francesco Francioni lead?
Who will lead the delegation?
Who is a uranium mining?
Whose boundaries are both mining leases within?
What has Mining company Energy Resources of Australia Ltd. consistently said by?
What does the bureau resolution say the Australian government has assured the bureau by?
What are technically not part of the park?
Who welcomed the prospect of further international scrutiny?
Who did advisor to the committee Jim Thorsell say could be put on UNESCO's ``in danger'' list in Australia?
Who said?
Who said the government will cooperate with the investigation?
Who said that it is unnecessary because ``there is no evidence that the world heritage values are at risk?''
What are they genuine and open in?
What would not necessarily prevent the mine from going ahead?
What are independent scientific studies genuine and open in?
What will report to the committee's meeting in Kyoto in December?
What was Kakadu National Park listed by?
What did advisor to the committee Jim Thorsell say Kakadu could be put on in Australia?
What did Environment Minister Robert Hill say with?
What are both mining leases?
When will the delegation report to the committee's meeting in Kyoto?
What did Environment Minister Robert Hill say the government will cooperate with?
What did Environment Minister Robert Hill say will cooperate with the investigation?
Who said that the Australian government is unnecessary because ``there is no evidence that the world heritage values are at risk?''
What lease lying within the boundaries of Kakadu National Park?
Who has consistently said its environmental record has been proven by the 16-year operation of the Ranger uranium mine?
What is not binding on the Australian government?
What is such a listing not binding on?
What did advisor to the committee Jim Thorsell say on in Australia?
Where did advisor to the committee Jim Thorsell say Kakadu could be put on UNESCO's ``in danger'' list?
Who said Kakadu could be put on UNESCO's ``in danger'' list in Australia?
What are both mining leases within?
What is the park?
What do construction begun one week ago at Jabiluka lease lying within?
What are within Kakadu's boundaries?
What did ERA chief executive Philip Shirvington welcome?
What visit the park every year?
What did Environment Minister Robert Hill say?''
What were considering laying assault charges against the demonstrators?
Who said almost 100 arrested protesters had been taken to Darwin because the jail at the nearby town of Jabiru was not big enough?
What does it expect to boost the country's share of the world uranium market?
What did dozens of protesters elbow officers out of?
How many protesters did spokeswoman Megan Kinninment say climbed a security fence?
What is Jabiluka?
What expects the mine to boost the country's share of the world uranium market?
What elbowed officers out of the way?
What has ERA identified?
How many tons of uranium oxide at Jabiluka has ERA identified?
What does ERA expect the mine to add to Australia's gross domestic product over an about 30-year mine life?
What does ERA expect to boost the country's share of the world uranium market?
What have the Mirrar people been opposed to this mine from?
What did Police Superintendent Gary Smith say over?
What does ERA expect the mine to boost the country's share of?
Who said about 180 protesters walked onto the construction site?
Who said, ``more than 100 protesters were reclaiming the lease for the traditional Aboriginal owners''?
What have been opposed to this mine from the start?
What have the Mirrar people been opposed to from the start?
Who said, ``They were reclaiming the lease for the traditional Aboriginal owners''?
Who did police say DARWIN, Australia _ were arrested Friday after overwhelming police and storming onto the site of a proposed new uranium mine in Australia's north?
What did Police Superintendent Gary Smith say stampeded over police on their way to the site?
Who did dozens of protesters elbow out of the way?
What did about 300 protesters walk from a camp set up in March by anti-uranium groups protesting Energy Resources of Australia Ltd.'s planned mine on?
Who said about 180 protesters climbed a security fence?
What did spokeswoman Megan Kinninment say about 180 protesters climbed?
What does ERA expect to add U. S. dlrs 3. 7 billion to Australia's gross domestic product over an about 30-year mine life?
What did police say DARWIN, Australia _ onto?
What does it expect the mine to boost the country's share of?
Who did spokeswoman Megan Kinninment say climbed a security fence?
How many almost arrested protesters did Smith say had been taken to Darwin because the jail at the nearby town of Jabiru was not big enough?
What does it expect the mine to add to Australia's gross domestic product over an about 30-year mine life?
What did about 300 protesters walk from on the Jabiluka mineral lease, about 190 miles east of Darwin?
What expects the mine to add U. S. dlrs 3. 7 billion to Australia's gross domestic product over an about 30-year mine life?
What does it expect the mine to add U. S. dlrs 3. 7 billion to?
What does it expect the mine to boost?
When has identified more than 90,000 tons of uranium oxide at Jabiluka?
Who is one of the largest untapped high-grade uranium ore bodies in the world?
What did Police Superintendent Gary Smith say dozens of protesters stampeded over on their way to the site?
Who said dozens of protesters stampeded over police on their way to the site?
What is Jabiluka one of?
What did Police Superintendent Gary Smith say dozens of protesters stampeded over police on?
What does ERA expect the mine to boost?
What was not big enough?
What has ERA identified more than 90,000 tons of?
When expects the mine to boost the country's share of the world uranium market?
What does ERA expect the mine to add U. S. dlrs 3. 7 billion to?
Who did Smith say had been taken to Darwin because the jail at the nearby town of Jabiru was not big enough?
Who did spokeswoman Megan Kinninment say walked onto the construction site?
What did spokeswoman Megan Kinninment say about 180 protesters walked onto?
How many protesters did spokeswoman Megan Kinninment say walked onto the construction site?
What does it expect to add U. S. dlrs 3. 7 billion to Australia's gross domestic product over an about 30-year mine life?
Who did Smith say almost 100 arrested protesters had been taken to because the jail at the nearby town of Jabiru was not big enough?
When expects the mine to add U. S. dlrs 3. 7 billion to Australia's gross domestic product over an about 30-year mine life?
Who has Philip Shirvington said independent scientific studies have found no adverse impact on the environment from uranium mining at?
What does ERA plan to the deposit over 30 years?
What do the protesters want?
What do mines uranium?
What has ERA identified at Jabiluka?
What listed area in the Northern Territory?
Who want development of the Jabiluka mine stopped?
What ``locked on'' to machinery in the compound of these 130?
What did the protest action begin to?
Who is Philip Shirvington?
What were the 112 among?
What uranium ore at the nearby Ranger mine?
When have the protesters been campaigning at the site?
What does ERA plan to mine?
What has Philip Shirvington said independent scientific studies have found from uranium mining at Ranger?
What were among 130 who entered a machinery compound at dawn?
What bring the total since the protest action began to about 350?
What has ERA identified more than 90,000 metric tons of uranium oxide in ore at?
What has Philip Shirvington said have found no adverse impact on the environment from uranium mining at Ranger?
What has ERA identified more than 90,000 metric tons of at Jabiluka?
What has Philip Shirvington said independent scientific studies have found no adverse impact on the environment from at Ranger?
What did a world heritage list in the Northern Territory?
What did 20 ``lock on'' to machinery in of these 130?
What did a world heritage list area in?
What did 20 ``lock on'' to machinery in the compound of?
What began to about 350?
When plans to mine the deposit over 30 years?
Who is ERA's chief executive?
Who has said independent scientific studies have found no adverse impact on the environment from uranium mining at Ranger?
What do the protesters want development of stopped?
Where did a world heritage list area?
What do the arrests Tuesday bring since the protest action began to about 350?
When has identified more than 90,000 metric tons of uranium oxide in ore at Jabiluka?
How many metric tons of uranium oxide in ore has ERA identified at Jabiluka?
Who have been campaigning at the site since March?
Where has ERA identified more than 90,000 metric tons of uranium oxide in ore?
What did 20 ``lock on'' to in the compound of these 130?
What has Philip Shirvington said from?
What did Thomson say the car looked like ``with the help of a lot of imagination?''
How many Australian dollars does Australia say the mine will inject into the Australian economy?
Who said the protesters locked on to the car will be removed by police?
Who opposed to the uranium mine chained themselves to the car-lizard about 4 a. m. Kerry Nettle?
What did she say?
Who has denied the mine will have any adverse impact on Kakadu?
What blocked the entrance to the Jabiluka uranium mine site inside the borders of Kakadu National Park on Friday?
What does Australia say the mine will inject into the Australian economy?
When did Federal opposition leader Kim Beazley confirm that the Labor Party would stop Jabiluka being built if it won government at the Oct. 3 national election?
Who did Federal opposition leader Kim Beazley confirm Thursday that the Labor Party would stop being built if it won government at the Oct. 3 national election?
What did Thomson say like?''
What did Senior Police Sgt. Alan Thomson of the nearby Jabiru police say the protesters locked on to the car will be removed by?
Who was Australia _?
Who did Senior Police Sgt. Alan Thomson of the nearby Jabiru police say will be removed by police?
What has Mine builder Energy Resources of Australia denied the mine will have?
What does it say will inject 6. 2 billion Australian dollars into the Australian economy?
What did Thomson say looked like a lizard ``with the help of a lot of imagination?''
How many Australian dollars does it say the mine will inject into the Australian economy?
What does Australia say will inject 6. 2 billion Australian dollars into the Australian economy?
What did Senior Police Sgt. Alan Thomson of the nearby Jabiru police say by?
What did Federal opposition leader Kim Beazley confirm Thursday at?
What has Mine builder Energy Resources of Australia denied?
What does it say the mine will inject into the Australian economy?
What did DARWIN An old car dressed up to look like a frill-necked lizard block the entrance to the Jabiluka uranium mine site inside on Friday?
Who confirmed Thursday that the Labor Party would stop Jabiluka being built if it won government at the Oct. 3 national election?
What has Mine builder Energy Resources of Australia denied will have any adverse impact on Kakadu?
What says the mine will inject 6. 2 billion Australian dollars into the Australian economy?
What does Australia say the mine will inject 6. 2 billion Australian dollars into?
What did DARWIN An old car dressed up to look like a frill-necked lizard block inside the borders of Kakadu National Park on Friday?
What does it say the mine will inject 6. 2 billion Australian dollars into?
Who said the car looked like a lizard ``with the help of a lot of imagination?''
What did she say it represented?
What did Thomson say the car looked like a lizard ``with?''
Who did a dozen protesters oppose to?
What was DARWIN?
Who was computer equipment?
Who did Sarojani Krishnapillai say strongly disapprove of these types of tactics?
What was ERA's principal environmental engineer?
What does Labor say will stop the project it?
What is it opposed by?
Who are a peaceful protest?
What _ A firebomb attack caused more than 100,000 Australian dollars damage Monday to a Darwin office of the company building the controversial Jabiluka uranium mine?
What is the controversial Jabiluka uranium mine opposed by?
What was not endorsed in any way by the protesters?
What is the Jabiluka mine supported by?
Who distanced themselves from the Darwin attack?
What did a police spokeswoman say four gasoline-filled beer bottles were thrown at between 1:45 and 2 a. m.?
What houses ERA's environment monitoring division?
Who was this not endorsed in any way by?
How many Australian dollars damage to the office's front room and computer equipment did Mark Daniell say the fire caused?
What did anti-uranium protesters distance themselves from?
What did one go through while the remaining three were found outside the office?
What were found outside the office?
What is opposed by the area's traditional owners and environmentalists?
What was this not endorsed in by the protesters?
What did Australia _ A firebomb attack caused more than 100,000 Australian dollars damage Monday to building the controversial Jabiluka uranium mine?
What says it will stop the project it?
What did Mark Daniell say caused more than 100,000 Australian dollars damage to the office's front room and computer equipment?
What are we?
What did Mark Daniell say the fire caused?
What did a police spokeswoman say four gasoline-filled beer bottles were thrown at the Energy Resources of Australia office between?
What did Sarojani Krishnapillai say we strongly disapprove of?
Who threatened to blow himself up if the government did not change its policy on uranium mining at Jabiluka in another incident?
Who is the mine opposed by?
What did Sarojani Krishnapillai say anti-uranium protesters strongly disapprove of?
What does Labor say?
What are anti-uranium protesters?
What says the controversial Jabiluka uranium mine will stop the project it?
What went through a window while the remaining three were found outside the office?
Who said anti-uranium protesters strongly disapprove of these types of tactics?
Who was a spokeswoman for the protesters?
Who did anti-uranium protesters distance from the Darwin attack?
What did a police spokeswoman say were thrown at the Energy Resources of Australia office between 1:45 and 2 a. m.?
What ended safely more than four hours later when police overpowered the 50-year-old man?
What did anti-uranium protesters distance from the Darwin attack?
What is expected to dig up almost 20 million metric tons of uranium ore in 28 years?
What is opposed by Labor?
Who said we strongly disapprove of these types of tactics?
How many gasoline-filled beer bottles did a police spokeswoman say were thrown at the Energy Resources of Australia office between 1:45 and 2 a. m.?
Who was Sarojani Krishnapillai?
What were the remaining three found outside?
What is supported by the current conservative government of Prime Minister John Howard?
Who said four gasoline-filled beer bottles were thrown at the Energy Resources of Australia office between 1:45 and 2 a. m.?
What did Australia _ A firebomb attack caused more than 100,000 Australian dollars damage Monday to a Darwin office of the company building?
Who said the fire caused more than 100,000 Australian dollars damage to the office's front room and computer equipment?
What does the office house?
What has begun at Jabiluka?
What does it expect to boost the country's share of the world uranium market?
What was ERA a subsidiary of?
What had the demonstrators bought in ERA to gain entry to the meeting?
When has identified more than 90,000 metric tons of uranium oxide at Jabiluka?
What expects the mine to boost the country's share of the world uranium market?
Who did Australia _ from?
When does it expect the mine to add U. S. dlrs 3. 7 billion to Australia's gross domestic product?
How many metric tons of uranium oxide has ERA identified at Jabiluka?
What has ERA identified at Jabiluka?
Who had been protesting against the company's Jabiluka mine development in the Northern Territory?
What had members of an environmental group called the Wilderness Society, been protesting against in the Northern Territory?
Where had members of an environmental group called the Wilderness Society, been protesting against the company's Jabiluka mine development?
What had members of an environmental group called the Wilderness Society, been protesting against the company's Jabiluka mine development in?
Whose address did Australia _ from?
What Do one protester cried out: ``not you care about our children during''?
What did Australia _ was ejected from uranium miner Energy Resources of Australia Ltd.'s annual general meeting Thursday after interrupting chairman Campbell Anderson's address?
When had the demonstrators bought shares to gain entry to the meeting?
What has Construction begun at?
What does Construction expect the mine to boost the country's share of?
What did protesters also repeatedly ask?
What _ A rowdy group of protesters was ejected from uranium miner Energy Resources of Australia Ltd.'s annual general meeting Thursday after interrupting chairman Campbell Anderson's address?
What has ERA identified more than 90,000 metric tons of uranium oxide at?
What expects the mine to add U. S. dlrs 3. 7 billion to Australia's gross domestic product over about 30 years?
What had the demonstrators bought shares in ERA to gain to the meeting?
What does Construction expect to add U. S. dlrs 3. 7 billion to Australia's gross domestic product over about 30 years?
When was a subsidiary of North Ltd.?
What does Construction expect the mine to add to Australia's gross domestic product over about 30 years?
Who had bought shares in ERA to gain entry to the meeting?
What has ERA identified more than 90,000 metric tons of at Jabiluka?
What does it expect the mine to boost the country's share of?
What does it expect the mine to add to Australia's gross domestic product over about 30 years?
What does it expect to add U. S. dlrs 3. 7 billion to Australia's gross domestic product over about 30 years?
What did protesters also repeatedly ask the board questions about?
What were young women who were carried out of the meeting still screaming?
What does it expect the mine to boost?
Where has ERA identified more than 90,000 metric tons of uranium oxide?
Who cried out: ``Do not you care about our children during the melee''?
What does Construction expect to boost the country's share of the world uranium market?
When makes it one of the largest untapped high-grade uranium ore bodies in the world?
When does Construction expect the mine to add U. S. dlrs 3. 7 billion to Australia's gross domestic product?
When makes uranium oxide one of the largest untapped high-grade uranium ore bodies in the world?
What does it expect the mine to add U. S. dlrs 3. 7 billion to over about 30 years?
Who also repeatedly asked the board questions about environmental risks of the proposed mine?
What does Construction expect the mine to add U. S. dlrs 3. 7 billion to over about 30 years?
Who did Australia _ A rowdy group of protesters was ejected from after interrupting chairman Campbell Anderson's address?
What had the demonstrators bought shares in ERA to gain entry to?
Where has Construction begun?
Who were most of those ejected by security guards?
What does Construction expect the mine to boost?
Who Do one protester cried out: ``not you care about during the melee''?
Who was ERA?
What does ERA have government approval to build a uranium mine at its Jabiluka lease within the park's boundaries it already operates inside?
What will the team report to?
What is it dotted with?
What did he say can be embarrassed into protecting sites listed by the bureau as endangered?
When has government approval to build a uranium mine at its Jabiluka lease within the park's boundaries it already operates inside the park?
What is an eight-member team from the U. N.'s World Heritage Bureau also to Aborigines who have lived there continuously for at least 40,000 years?
What did DARWIN A high-level United Nations delegation on Monday begin touring to examine claims a uranium mine being built in the region threatens unique cultural and environmental values?
What will visit environmental and Aboriginal cultural sites?
Who said its findings will not be binding on the Australian government?
How many parks are currently on the endangered list _ Yellowstone in the United States and the Galapagos Islands?
What began touring Australia's Kakadu National Park to examine claims a uranium mine being built in the region threatens unique cultural and environmental values?
What are two parks currently on _ Yellowstone in the United States and the Galapagos Islands?
What did U. N. team leader Prof. Francesco Francioni say on?
Who said governments can be embarrassed into protecting sites listed by the bureau as endangered?
Who is it also home to?
What did DARWIN A high-level United Nations delegation on Monday begin touring Australia's Kakadu National Park to examine claims a uranium mine being built in the region threatens?
What is the park one of?
What claim it will cause environmental damage?
What did U. N. team leader Prof. Francesco Francioni say can be embarrassed into protecting sites listed by the bureau as endangered?
Who said the company's findings will not be binding on the Australian government?
What does ERA have government approval to build a uranium mine at its Jabiluka lease within the park's boundaries inside?
What is also home to Aborigines who have lived there continuously for at least 40,000 years?
What does the company say its good environmental record at the existing Ranger mine shows the Jabiluka project poses?
What is an eight-member team from the U. N.'s World Heritage Bureau dotted with?
What is dotted with their cave paintings, rock carvings and other archaeological sites?
What is one of a handful of 552 World Heritage sites listed for both its environmental and cultural values?
What does the company say its good environmental record at the existing Ranger mine shows?
What says its good environmental record at the existing Ranger mine shows the Jabiluka project poses no threat?
What will an eight-member team from the U. N.'s World Heritage Bureau speak to interest groups including the company building the mine of?
What does the company say shows the Jabiluka project poses no threat?
Who said, ``The continuing value of Kakadu National Park is something that concerns the whole world and therefore justifies such interest''?
What is Kakadu?
What do environmental groups and the Mirrar Aborigines of the region claim?
What was the whole of humanity?
Who was Australia _?
What is it also to Aborigines who have lived there continuously for at least 40,000 years?
What are near a uranium mine?
What is dotted with Aborigines who have lived there continuously for at least 40,000 years's cave paintings, rock carvings and other archaeological sites?
What did DARWIN A high-level United Nations delegation on Monday begin touring Australia's Kakadu National Park to examine claims?
What will an eight-member team from the U. N.'s World Heritage Bureau speak to building the mine of Australia Ltd.?
What did DARWIN A high-level United Nations delegation on Monday begin touring Australia's Kakadu National Park to examine claims threatens unique cultural and environmental values?
What does the company say?
Where are two parks currently on the endangered list _ Yellowstone?
What do environmental groups and the Mirrar Aborigines of the region claim will cause environmental damage?
Who is an eight-member team from the U. N.'s World Heritage Bureau also home to?
What does the company say its good environmental record at the existing Ranger mine shows poses no threat?
What are two parks currently on the endangered list _ in the United States and the Galapagos Islands?
What was the whole world?
What are the park's boundaries near?
What is the park?
What are two parks currently on the endangered list _ Yellowstone in?
What did U. N. team leader Prof. Francesco Francioni say will not be binding on the Australian government?
What does ERA have government approval to build a uranium mine at its Jabiluka lease within the park's boundaries already operates inside the park?
What do environmental groups and the Mirrar Aborigines of the region claim it will cause?
What did U. N. team leader Prof. Francesco Francioni say?
What will an eight-member team from the U. N.'s World Heritage Bureau visit?
What will an eight-member team from the U. N.'s World Heritage Bureau speak to interest groups including the company building?
What visit the park every year?
What does ERA have it already operates inside the park?
What will speak to interest groups including the company building the mine of Australia Ltd.?
What did he say?
What are currently on the endangered list _ Yellowstone in the United States and the Galapagos Islands?
What was DARWIN?
What was the whole world the whole of?
What is such a decision dotted with?
What will Kakadu National Park meet with later this week?
What would such a decision prove to the government of Prime Minister John Howard?
What is visiting the park to examine claims that the environmental and cultural values of the park are being threatened by the Jabiluka mine?
When will it meet with mining company Energy Resources of Australia Ltd. and government representatives?
What will it recommend whether to place the park on a list of endangered world heritage sites at?
What did the 27-member Aboriginal Mirrar clan strongly oppose the building of the Jabiluka uranium mine on?
What is it dotted with?
What did Australia _?
When will Kakadu National Park meet with mining company Energy Resources of Australia Ltd. and government representatives?
Who has the government of Prime Minister John Howard maintained that the removal of 20 million metric tons of radioactive uranium ore over 28 years will not harm?
Who incorporates spectacular waterfalls, a towering 125-mile sandstone escarpment and hundreds of animal species that are rare or endangered?
What did Australia _ The Australian government has mounted a systematic attack on the traditions of the Aboriginal people living in Kakadu National Park investigating?
Who urged the U. N. group to put Kakadu on the list of world heritage areas considered to be in danger?
What is Kakadu on Australia's north coast?
What did the 27-member Aboriginal Mirrar clan strongly oppose on its traditional land?
What will meet with mining company Energy Resources of Australia Ltd. and government representatives later this week?
What does Kakadu incorporate?
How many tourists visit the park every year?
What was Kakadu National Park?
Who is it also home to?
What is the park one of?
What does uranium mining threaten?
What did the 27-member Aboriginal Mirrar clan strongly oppose the building of on its traditional land?
Who did she urge the U. N. group to put on the list of world heritage areas considered to be in danger?
What is also home to Aborigines who have lived there continuously for at least 40,000 years?
What would prove a major international embarrassment to the government of Prime Minister John Howard?
Where will it recommend whether to place the park on a list of endangered world heritage sites?
When will the team report to a meeting of the bureau in Kyoto?
What is dotted with their cave paintings, rock carvings and other archaeological sites?
What is one of a handful of 552 World Heritage sites listed for both its environmental and cultural values?
What will the team report in December to?
What threatens the park was told Tuesday?
What did Australia _ The Australian government has mounted a systematic attack on the traditions of the Aboriginal people living in Kakadu National Park investigating whether uranium mining threatens?
What has maintained that the removal of 20 million metric tons of radioactive uranium ore over 28 years will not harm Kakadu?
What is it also to Aborigines who have lived there continuously for at least 40,000 years?
What was a U. N. team?
What is Kakadu almost 12,000 square miles of pristine floodplains and plateau on?
What is dotted with Aborigines who have lived there continuously for at least 40,000 years's cave paintings, rock carvings and other archaeological sites?
What did Australia _ The Australian government has mounted investigating whether uranium mining threatens the park was told Tuesday?
When does uranium mining threaten the park was told?
How many square miles of pristine floodplains and plateau is Kakadu on Australia's north coast?
What is Kakadu almost 12,000 square miles of on Australia's north coast?
What would such a decision prove a major international embarrassment to?
What did she urge the U. N. group to put Kakadu on?
Who visit the park every year?
What did she urge to put Kakadu on the list of world heritage areas considered to be in danger?
What will it recommend on at Kyoto?
What is such a decision also to Aborigines who have lived there continuously for at least 40,000 years?
What is the park?
Who is almost 12,000 square miles of pristine floodplains and plateau on Australia's north coast?
What will it meet with later this week?
What will recommend whether to place the park on a list of endangered world heritage sites at Kyoto?
What strongly opposed the building of the Jabiluka uranium mine on its traditional land?
Who is such a decision also home to?
What does uranium mining threaten was told Tuesday?
What has the government of Prime Minister John Howard maintained?
What will report in December to a meeting of the bureau in Kyoto?
What dated some 50,000-60,000 years ago based on thermoluminescence dating of buried sands?
What did the council say was particularly concerned about the Malakunanja 2 archaeological site, just 1. 2 miles from the mine entrance in a submission to the U. N. team?
What did the council say, ``a uranium mine being built within the Kakadu National Park is not certain on''?
What lies on a lease within the boundaries of Kakadu but technically not part of the park?
What did the council say it was particularly concerned about from the mine entrance in a submission to the U. N. team?
What does the mine threaten?
When will the decision be made at the bureau's meeting in Kyoto?
Who incorporates spectacular waterfalls, a towering 125-mile sandstone escarpment and hundreds of animal species that are rare or endangered?
What is Kakadu on Australia's north coast?
What was the council ``not convinced?''
What will the decision be made at in December?
What is investigating whether the mine threatens the environmental and cultural values of Kakadu?
What did the council say, ``It is not certain on''?
What does Kakadu incorporate?
How many tourists visit the park every year?
What is the park one of?
Who does the mine threaten the environmental and cultural values of?
What will be made at the bureau's meeting in Kyoto in December?
Who do ERA and Australia's government claim will not hurt the park?
What do ERA and Australia's government claim?
What threatens the environmental and cultural values of Kakadu?
What is one of a handful listed for both environmental and cultural values?
What do ERA and Australia's government claim Jabiluka will not hurt?
What was the council ``not convinced that the archaeological evidence of Malakunanja 2 will retain given the pressures of the proposed mine?''
What said it was particularly concerned about the Malakunanja 2 archaeological site, just 1. 2 miles from the mine entrance in a submission to the U. N. team?
What said the impact on archaeological and rock art sites in the region of the mine had not been properly assessed?
What did the Australian branch of the International Council on Monuments and Sites say?
What does the Jabiluka mine lie on?
What oppose the mine?
What was ``not convinced that the archaeological evidence of Malakunanja 2 will retain its integrity given the pressures of the proposed mine?''
What did the council say it was particularly concerned about the Malakunanja 2 archaeological site, just 1. 2 miles from in a submission to the U. N. team?
What was told Wednesday?
Who has begun construction of the Jabiluka mine?
If listed as in danger, what would Kakadu join the likes of in Croatia and Timbuktu in the African state of Mali?
What was the council ``not convinced that the archaeological evidence of Malakunanja 2 will retain its integrity?''
What has Energy Resources of Australia Ltd. begun construction of?
What did the council say about in a submission to the U. N. team?
If listed as in danger, what would Kakadu join in Croatia and Timbuktu in the African state of Mali?
What did it call on unless Jabiluka is stopped?
What is Kakadu almost 12,000 square miles of pristine floodplains and plateau on?
How many square miles of pristine floodplains and plateau is Kakadu on Australia's north coast?
What said, ``Malakunanja 2 is acknowledged as currently offering the oldest dated evidence of human occupation in Australia''?
What is Kakadu almost 12,000 square miles of on Australia's north coast?
What did human occupation date?
Who visit the park every year?
What do environmental groups and local Aborigines oppose?
What did the council say it was particularly concerned about the Malakunanja 2 archaeological site, just 1. 2 miles from the mine entrance in?
What will the delegation recommend as?
When was a high-level U. N. committee told?
What is the park?
What has Energy Resources of Australia Ltd. begun?
Who is almost 12,000 square miles of pristine floodplains and plateau on Australia's north coast?
What called on the delegation to declare Kakadu a world heritage area that is ``in danger'' unless Jabiluka is stopped?
What did the Australian branch of the International Council on Monuments and Sites say had not been properly assessed?
When claim Jabiluka will not hurt the park?
What did the International Council on Monuments and Sites call on unless Jabiluka is stopped?
What is the U. N. team investigating?
What was posed primarily by the proposal for uranium milling?
What could process 19. 5 million metric tons of uranium ore over its 28-year life?
What did the committee say the proposed mine would pose to the cultural and natural values of the adjacent Kakadu National Park?
What said, ``I am disturbed and distressed about the quality of this document''?
What did the committee say in, ``The mission therefore recommends that the proposal to mine and mill uranium at Jabiluka should not proceed''?
Who incorporates spectacular waterfalls, a towering 125-mile sandstone escarpment and hundreds of animal species that are rare or endangered?
What is Kakadu on Australia's north coast?
What did the miner tell that its project does not threaten the environmental and cultural values of Kakadu?
Who is the company's Jabiluka uranium mine within the boundaries, but technically not part of?
What was the Kakadu National Park posed primarily by mining?
What has the company already begun construction of?
What does Kakadu incorporate?
How many tourists visit the park every year?
What did the committee say would pose a severe danger to the cultural and natural values of the adjacent Kakadu National Park?
What is lacking in objectivity?
What did the ERA also promise to?''
What is the park one of?
Who was Energy Resources of Australia Limited?
What did the ERA also promise would rehabilitate the site ``to a condition ecologically and culturally compatible with Kakadu?''
What could the mine process 19. 5 million metric tons of over its 28-year life?
What did the miner tell the panel that its project does not threaten?
What is one of a handful listed for both environmental and cultural values?
What did the miner tell the panel?
What was posed primarily by the proposal for uranium mining?
Who is its Jabiluka uranium mine within the boundaries, but technically not part of?
What said the proposed mine would pose a severe danger to the cultural and natural values of the adjacent Kakadu National Park?
What could the mine process over its 28-year life?
What did the report say could damage the environment?
When also promised it would rehabilitate the site ``to a condition ecologically and culturally compatible with Kakadu?''
What is unbalanced?
What did the report say?
Who is its Jabiluka uranium mine?
Who has blasted the report as biased?
Who was the miner?
What was the Kakadu National Park posed primarily by milling?
What are Kakadu recognized by?
What did the report say the mine could damage?
What has federal Environment Minister Robert Hill blasted?
What was the miner Energy Resources of?
What is within the boundaries, but technically not part of Kakadu?
What could the mine process 19. 5 million metric tons of uranium ore over?
What is Kakadu almost 12,000 square miles of pristine floodplains and plateau on?
What said, ``The mission has noted severe ascertained and potential dangers to the cultural and natural values of the Kakadu National Park''?
What is the report lacking in?
Who is the company's Jabiluka uranium mine?
Who are recognized by the United Nations ' World Heritage Bureau?
How many square miles of pristine floodplains and plateau is Kakadu on Australia's north coast?
Who told the panel that its project does not threaten the environmental and cultural values of Kakadu?
What is Kakadu almost 12,000 square miles of on Australia's north coast?
What said the mine could damage the environment?
Who visit the park every year?
What has already begun construction of its Jabiluka uranium mine?
What did the committee say in its report following a visit to Kakadu last month, ``The mission therefore recommends''?
Who did the miner tell the panel that its project does not threaten the environmental and cultural values of?
What is the park?
Who is almost 12,000 square miles of pristine floodplains and plateau on Australia's north coast?
What did the committee say to?
How many metric tons of uranium ore could the mine process over its 28-year life?
What did the ERA also promise it would rehabilitate ``to a condition ecologically and culturally compatible with Kakadu?''
What did the ERA also promise it would rehabilitate the site ``to?''
What has the company already begun?
What did the committee say the proposed mine would pose a severe danger to?
What could process 19. 5 million metric tons of uranium ore over its 28-year life?
What was lacking in objectivity?
What did the bureau say that if the report did not show, Kakadu should immediately be put on the in danger list?
Who incorporates spectacular waterfalls, a towering 125-mile sandstone escarpment and hundreds of animal species that are rare or endangered?
What is Kakadu on Australia's north coast?
What did the bureau say on?
What stressed that the committee's findings had no legal standing?
What would Jabiluka have on at DARWIN's meeting in Kyoto UNESCO's World Heritage Bureau on Saturday night expressed ``grave concerns'' about the impact?
Where did it order Australian authorities to provide a detailed report by April 15 next year saying?''
What does Kakadu incorporate?
What did the bureau decide not to immediately put the park on after intensive lobbying from the Australian government?
How many tourists visit the park every year?
What did the committee call for?
What did Federal Environment Minister Robert Hill blast?
When do DARWIN _?
What is the park one of?
Who is Australia?
What would Jabiluka have on Kakadu's cultural and natural world values at?
What could the mine process 19. 5 million metric tons of over its 28-year life?
What is one of a handful listed for both environmental and cultural values?
Who blasted the report as biased?
What was unbalanced?
What could the mine process over its 28-year life?
What did the report say could damage the environment?
What did the report say?
What did the bureau decide not to immediately put on its list of world heritage areas considered to be in danger after intensive lobbying from the Australian government?
What was thought to be an embarrassment to the Australian government?
What did the report say the mine could damage?
What is DARWIN?
What decided not to immediately put the park on its list of world heritage areas considered to be in danger after intensive lobbying from the Australian government?
What could the mine process 19. 5 million metric tons of uranium ore over?
What did Hill stress that the committee's findings had?
What is Kakadu almost 12,000 square miles of pristine floodplains and plateau on?
Who joined other areas such as the war-torn old city of Jerusalem?
How many square miles of pristine floodplains and plateau is Kakadu on Australia's north coast?
What stressed that construction of the mine would not stop?
What was the report lacking in?
What is Kakadu almost 12,000 square miles of on Australia's north coast?
What said the mine could damage the environment?
What did Kakadu join?
What would Jabiluka have on at its meeting in Kyoto UNESCO's World Heritage Bureau on Saturday night expressed ``grave concerns'' about the impact?
Who visit the park every year?
What did Hill stress?
What is the park?
Who is almost 12,000 square miles of pristine floodplains and plateau on Australia's north coast?
What called for the scrapping of the mine?
When do DARWIN _ The Australian government will have to try to stop the United Nations from declaring Kakadu National Park endangered because of the Jabiluka uranium mine?
How many metric tons of uranium ore could the mine process over its 28-year life?
Who did the bureau decide not to immediately put the park on its list of world heritage areas considered to be in danger after?
What did it order Australian authorities to provide a detailed report by April 15 next year saying to?''
Who would Environment Minister Robert Hill not tell Energy Resources of Australia to comply with the UNESCO call?
What said, ``We are quite satisfied with all the Australian processes for approval of the mine''?
Who say reputable surveys show that 82 percent of Australians oppose mining in areas like Kakadu?
What did the panel say could damage the environment?
What did the panel recommend in?
What was made after only a four-day visit to the mine site?
What would Environment Minister Robert Hill not tell uranium miner Energy Resources of Australia to comply with?
What did Hill say UNESCO's report ignored from Jabiluka?
What is the park one of?
What recommended that all mining activities should cease in the meantime?
What did the panel recommend that all mining activities should cease in?
What could the mine process over its 28-year life?
What did the U. N. Educational Scientific and Cultural Organization accept a plea from the Australian government to?
Who have the local Mirrar Aboriginal people been among?
What did Australia's environmental groups react immediately to Hill's announcement saying?
What has he described as superficial and unbalanced?
What said, ``The mine is not in a world heritage listed area nor in a national park''?
What is Kakadu?
What could the mine process 19. 5 million metric tons of uranium ore over?
What defies the world umpire on the World Heritage Convention?
Who would he not tell uranium miner to comply with the UNESCO call?
Who said he would compile a comprehensive rebuttal of the UNESCO report?
Who would not tell uranium miner Energy Resources of Australia to comply with the UNESCO call?
What do Environmentalists say reputable surveys show that 82 percent of Australians oppose?
What did CANBERRA, Australia _ Australia's conservative government defy by declaring it will allow uranium mining at Jabiluka within the park?
What has been technically excluded as an enclave within it?
What did the U. N. Educational Scientific and Cultural Organization accept a plea from that it be given six months to respond to the panel's ruling?
What said the mine could damage the environment?
Who has the UNESCO report described as superficial and unbalanced?
What did CANBERRA, Australia _ Australia's conservative government defy a U. N. body's declaration that Kakadu National Park is a World Heritage area by declaring at?
What did it say?
What have been among the most vocal critics of the project?
What said UNESCO's report ignored the enormous body of evidence gathered over 18 years of mining at Ranger just 12 miles from Jabiluka?
Who did Hill say UNESCO's report ignored the enormous body of evidence gathered over 18 years of mining at Ranger just 12 miles from?
What did it say could damage the environment?
Who does Australia defy?
What did the U. N. Educational Scientific and Cultural Organization accept from the Australian government that it be given six months to respond to the panel's ruling?
Who do Environmentalists say reputable surveys show?
What defied a U. N. body's declaration that Kakadu National Park is a World Heritage area by declaring it will allow uranium mining at Jabiluka within the park?
Who said, ``Even major uranium buyers like France, Japan and the U. S. voted to stop this obscene mine?''
What would Environment Minister Robert Hill not tell uranium miner with?
Who did Environment Minister Robert Hill say would compile a comprehensive rebuttal of the UNESCO report?
What could process 19. 5 million metric tons of uranium ore over its 28-year life?
What did the panel say?
What did Hill say UNESCO's report ignored the enormous body of from Jabiluka?
What did Environment Minister Robert Hill say?
What was UNESCO's report made after?
What reacted immediately to Hill's announcement saying it would seriously damage Australia's reputation?
How many months did the U. N. Educational Scientific and Cultural Organization accept a plea from the Australian government that it be given to respond to the panel's ruling?
Where did CANBERRA, Australia _ Australia's conservative government defy a U. N. body's declaration that Kakadu National Park is a World Heritage area by declaring?
How many tourists visit the park every year?
What did Australia's environmental groups react immediately to Hill's announcement saying it would seriously damage?
What has Environment Minister Robert Hill described as superficial and unbalanced?
What did it say the mine could damage?
What could the mine process 19. 5 million metric tons of over its 28-year life?
Who is still 18 months away from mining the first uranium?
What is one of a handful listed for both environmental and cultural values?
What has the project been technically excluded as within it?
Who would Environment Minister Robert Hill not tell uranium miner to comply with the UNESCO call?
What did Hill say ignored the enormous body of evidence gathered over 18 years of mining at Ranger just 12 miles from Jabiluka?
What did accept a plea from the Australian government that it be given six months to respond to the panel's ruling?
Who did Hill say from?
Who do Environmentalists say?
What did Australia's environmental groups react immediately to Hill's announcement saying would seriously damage Australia's reputation?
What did Australia's environmental groups react immediately to saying it would seriously damage Australia's reputation?
Who is still doing preparatory work?
What do Environmentalists say show that 82 percent of Australians oppose mining in areas like Kakadu?
What did the panel say the mine could damage?
What is Energy Resources of Australia still doing?
What do they claim of?
What would he not tell uranium miner with?
When did the U. N. Educational Scientific and Cultural Organization accept a plea from the Australian government that it be given to respond to the panel's ruling?
Who visit the park every year?
What is the park?
Who would he not tell Energy Resources of Australia to comply with the UNESCO call?
What did Environment Minister Robert Hill say he would compile a comprehensive rebuttal of?
How many metric tons of uranium ore could the mine process over its 28-year life?
What did Environment Minister Robert Hill say he would compile?
What would he not tell uranium miner Energy Resources of Australia to comply with?
What has the project been technically excluded as an enclave within?
What is special training or a special background?
What was Ka Hsaw Wa?
What did Ka Hsaw Wa flee during military rule 10 years ago?
What were among the winners of the Goldman Environmental Prize?
What did Katona urge a United Nations to halt the mine operation?
What is Jabiluka?
Who were convicted of trespassing following a protest against the mine?
Who was Michal Kravcik?
Who is one of the world's richest untapped uranium bodies?
Who were SAN FRANCISCO-- Two aboriginal protesters of an Australian uranium mine and an African who has worked to protect a huge tropical rainforest among?
What is in an area surrounded by Aboriginal-owned Kakadu National Park?
What did Katona urge a United Nations?
What did Nguiffo say, ``It is unacceptable in''?
What is second in size only to the Amazon forest in South America?
Who has interviewed more than 1,000 victims of human rights abuses?
Who urged a United Nations panel to halt the mine operation?
What has he documented?
What do the $125,000 annuall prizes recognize efforts of?
What have delayed mining of an estimated 20,000 tons of ore from Jabiluka?
What did-- Michal Kravcik force the evacuation of?
What did Katona urge a United Nations panel to halt?
What has he interviewed more than 1,000 victims of?
How many people live in or near the central African rain forest?
What has Ka Hsaw Wa interviewed more than 1,000 victims of?
What have the labors of Jacqui Katona and Yvonne Margarula delayed mining of from Jabiluka?
What do Environmentalists say?
Who said, ``The common theme as always is that one person can indeed make a difference''?
What do the $125,000 annuall prizes recognize?
What is Jabiluka one of?
Who was a Slovakian hydrologist who galvanized support to stop a proposed dam that would have destroyed the environment and?
Who have the labors of Jacqui Katona and Yvonne Margarula delayed mining of an estimated 20,000 tons of ore from?
What did Katona urge panel to halt the mine operation?
What have the labors of Jacqui Katona and Yvonne Margarula delayed from Jabiluka?
How many victims of human rights abuses has he interviewed?
What is the central African rain forest second in only to the Amazon forest in South America?
What did Duane Silverstein say, ``The common theme as always is''?
What is the government-approved mine site in an area surrounded by?
What did Katona say panel amounted to?
Who oversees the awards?
What did he flee during military rule 10 years ago?
What did Ka Hsaw Wa flee his home during 10 years ago?
Who fled his home during military rule 10 years ago?
Who has Ka Hsaw Wa interviewed?
Who-- forced the evacuation of four 700-year-old villages?
What does Duane Silverstein oversee?
Who was an Aboriginal clan that has cherished the land for centuries?
What did Nguiffo say, ``the Goldman Environmental Prize is unacceptable in''?
Who said it amounted to an attack on the Mirrar?
What did Katona say it amounted to?
Who say shrimp farming has destroyed critical coastal wetlands, displaced traditional fishing communities and contaminated fresh water supplies?
What did-- Michal Kravcik force?
What did he flee his home during 10 years ago?
What was a member of the Karen ethnic minority in Burma?
What was the Mirrar?
What has Ka Hsaw Wa documented?
What did Samuel Nguiffo of Cameroon also win?
What was Ka Hsaw Wa a member of in Burma?
How many victims of human rights abuses has Ka Hsaw Wa interviewed?
What do Environmentalists say has destroyed critical coastal wetlands, displaced traditional fishing communities and contaminated fresh water supplies?
What is the central African rain forest second in size only to?
What live in or near the central African rain forest?
What did Katona say to?
Who said panel amounted to an attack on the Mirrar?
Who has documented environmental abuses?
What were Katona and Margarula convicted of following a protest against the mine?
What is the special education?
Who has he interviewed?
What recognize efforts of grassroots environmentalism around the world?
What did Katona say amounted to an attack on the Mirrar?
What to ``desecrate'' a World Heritage area?
What the government to ``desecrate''?
What will invest 380 million Australian dollars in fine paper manufacturing to seek a bigger slice of Australia's fastest growing segment where it does not dominate?
What did it not win in in which it was competing?
What was with more uranium mines?
What was such as Kakadu?
What did the Age-- Leader of the Australian Democrats Kernot warn yesterday in?
What did-- The only Australian-based production at the Academy Awards in Los Angeles yesterday take the Oscar prize for?
Who was the World Heritage area as?
How many more people fell ill with the human strain of mad cow disease?
What fell ill with the human strain of mad cow disease?
What imposed a worldwide ban on British beef?
Who was shaken yesterday as two more people fell ill with the human strain of mad cow disease?
What did-- The only Australian-based production at the Academy Awards in Los Angeles yesterday take for visual effects?
What did not win in any of the other six categories in which it was competing?
What-- took the Oscar prize for visual effects?
What did two more people fall ill with?
What did Europe impose?
What was the World Heritage area with?
What did the Age-- Leader of the Australian Democrats Kernot warn yesterday that there were ``things'' in?
What will the Australian Financial Review-- Paper and packaging giant Amcor Limited invest 380 million Australian dollars in fine paper manufacturing to seek where it does not dominate?
What did the only Australian-based production at the Academy Awards in Los Angeles yesterday not win in in which it was competing?
Who was shaken yesterday as Europe imposed a worldwide ban on British beef?
What jettisones its election promise to rely solely on voluntary departures to reduce numbers?
What does it jettison its election promise to rely solely on to reduce numbers?
Who the Age-- More police will patrol?
When could-- A fourth uranium mine be approved after Energy Resources Australia company moved to fast-track for the Jabiluka mine in Kakadu National Park?
What-- could be approved within a year after Energy Resources Australia company moved to fast-track for the Jabiluka mine in Kakadu National Park?
What has the Sydney Morning Herald-- The Federal Government confirmed that the Public Service will have to cut further into than it planned?
What does it jettison to rely solely on voluntary departures to reduce numbers?
What does the Federal Government jettison its election promise to rely solely on voluntary departures to reduce?
Who has confirmed that the Public Service will have to cut further into the Public Service than it planned?
What has the Sydney Morning Herald-- The Federal Government confirmed into?
What moved to fast-track for the Jabiluka mine in Kakadu National Park?
What does it jettison its election promise to rely solely on voluntary departures to reduce?
What planned?
What does the Federal Government jettison its election promise to rely solely on to reduce numbers?
What has the Sydney Morning Herald-- The Federal Government confirmed that it will have to cut further into than it planned?
What does the Federal Government jettison to rely solely on voluntary departures to reduce numbers?
What did Energy Resources Australia company move to fast-track for?
Who has confirmed that it will have to cut further into the Public Service than it planned?
When will patrol the central business district in an attempt to curb the increasing number of beggars?
What did Federal Environment Minister Robert Hill say there was?
When will the Australian Financial Review announce a 1. 7 billion U. S. dollar profit writedown?
Who said there was no environmental reason why it could not go ahead?
What did Federal Environment Minister Robert Hill say?
What will today announce a 1. 7 billion U. S. dollar profit writedown?
What did today defend the government's decision to go ahead with uranium mining on?
When did Resources Minister Warwick Parer tell reporters that exports from Jabiluka are expected to peak at 4,500 tons?
When was CANBERRA?
Who told reporters that exports from Jabiluka are expected to peak at 4,500 tons a year?
Who said in a statement, ``Jabiluka means Australia could become the leading world uranium oxide supplier''?
What did Australian Democrats environment spokeswoman Meg Lees say the government has ignored?
What however has been condemned by environmentalists and opposition parties?
Who said, ``It is a dark day for Australia when our most precious World Heritage area is consigned as a 60 million ton radioactive waste dump''?
When argued that the green light would generate billions of U. S. dollars in revenue for Australians and create 2,000 jobs?
What did today defend on development and environmental grounds?
How many tons of uranium oxide could ore provide?
What did Resources Minister Warwick Parer say estimates indicated?
Who said the government has ignored the wishes of Aboriginal people in the area and environmental concerns?
What did Australian Democrats environment spokeswoman Meg Lees say the government has ignored the wishes of?
What did today argue?
What did Australian Democrats environment spokeswoman Meg Lees say?
What did CANBERRA argue?
What did he tell reporters that exports from Jabiluka are expected to peak at a year?
What did Resources Minister Warwick Parer say indicated the Jabiluka mine contains about 19. 5 million tons of ore?
What is the planned Jabiluka mine on?
When defended the government's decision to go ahead with uranium mining on development and environmental grounds?
What could provide more than 90,400 tons of uranium oxide?
Who did he tell that the mine is expected to add a total of 4. 46 billion U. S. dollars to Australia's gross domestic product over 28 years?
What did he tell reporters at?
What did today give the green light to?
What did Resources Minister Warwick Parer tell reporters at?
What did Resources Minister Warwick Parer tell reporters that exports from Jabiluka are expected to peak at a year?
What could ore provide?
When argued that it would generate billions of U. S. dollars in revenue for Australians and create 2,000 jobs?
What did today give to the country's controversial uranium mining plan?
What is on the edge of the 22,000 square-kilometer Kakadu National Park?
What did Resources Minister Warwick Parer say estimates indicated contains about 19. 5 million tons of ore?
Where is the planned Jabiluka mine?
Who did Resources Minister Warwick Parer tell that exports from Jabiluka are expected to peak at 4,500 tons a year?
What was October 8-- The Australian government?
Who did he tell that exports from Jabiluka are expected to peak at 4,500 tons a year?
What was Howard quoted today by as saying, ``There is no reason''?
What did the minister make it clear that the government is looking to Jabiluka's export potential rather than uranium for domestic use in?
What argued that the green light would generate billions of U. S. dollars in revenue for Australians and create 2,000 jobs?
When was Howard quoted by the Australian Broadcasting Corporation evening TV news program as saying, ``There is no reason''?
When did he tell reporters that exports from Jabiluka are expected to peak at 4,500 tons?
What did Resources Minister Warwick Parer tell reporters to?
What did Resources Minister Warwick Parer say estimates indicated the Jabiluka mine contains?
Who said estimates indicated the Jabiluka mine contains about 19. 5 million tons of ore?
Who has the government's decision however been condemned by?
Who told reporters that the mine is expected to add a total of 4. 46 billion U. S. dollars to Australia's gross domestic product over 28 years?
What is Kakadu National Park on?
What is on the World Heritage List?
What did Resources Minister Warwick Parer say estimates indicated the Jabiluka mine contains about 19. 5 million tons of?
When gave the green light to the country's controversial uranium mining plan?
What did Australian Democrats environment spokeswoman Meg Lees say has ignored the wishes of Aboriginal people in the area and environmental concerns?
What did Resources Minister Warwick Parer say?
Who was quoted today by the Australian Broadcasting Corporation evening TV news program as saying, ``There is no reason''?
What did Parer say in a statement, ``Jabiluka means''?
How many tons of ore did Resources Minister Warwick Parer say estimates indicated the Jabiluka mine contains?
What could ore provide more than 90,400 tons of?
What did Parer say in, ``Jabiluka means Australia could become the leading world uranium oxide supplier''?
What argued that it would generate billions of U. S. dollars in revenue for Australians and create 2,000 jobs?
What did he tell reporters to?
When threatened to blockade development of the huge Jabiluka uranium mine in the country's vast Kakadu National Park?
What did the Age-- Australian conservationists and traditional aboriginal owners threaten to?
What is on the World Heritage List?
What approved the mining plan for the Jabilika mine yesterday?
What is the huge Jabiluka uranium mine in the country's vast Kakadu National Park on?
What was the finding hailed by traditional owners and green groups as?
When is CANBERRA?
What did Environment Minister Robert Hill blast?
Where is the report as biased and unbalanced considered by the World Heritage Committee this week?
What said Australia would try to have it struck down before it is considered by the World Heritage Committee in Kyoto this week?
What did Hill say by?
What had been operating for 18 years?
What did Environment Minister Robert Hill say?
Who blasted the report as biased and unbalanced?
Who said the mine would go ahead?
What is it considered by in Kyoto this week?
What was hailed by traditional owners and green groups as a great victory?
What did Hill say would try to have the report as biased and unbalanced struck down before it is considered by the World Heritage Committee in Kyoto this week?
What did Hill say would try to have it struck down before it is considered by the World Heritage Committee in Kyoto this week?
What denounced the report as biased and unscientific?
When had the nearby Ranger mine been operating?
What is considered by the World Heritage Committee in Kyoto this week?
Who also accused the report's authors of predetermining their findings?
When is the report as biased and unbalanced considered by the World Heritage Committee in Kyoto?
What is November 25-- Australia?
What did Environment Minister Robert Hill say would go ahead?
Who also accused the report's authors of predetermining the report as biased and unbalanced's findings?
What said Australia would try to have the report as biased and unbalanced struck down before it is considered by the World Heritage Committee in Kyoto this week?
When is it considered by the World Heritage Committee in Kyoto?
What did Hill say Australia would try to have by?
What is the report as biased and unbalanced considered by the World Heritage Committee in this week?
What did Environment Minister Robert Hill say for?
What does CANBERRA face?
Where is it considered by the World Heritage Committee this week?
What is it considered by the World Heritage Committee in this week?
Who did Northern Territory Chief Minister Shane Stone also accuse?
What did Hill denounce?
Who was the finding hailed by as a great victory?
What faces international embarrassment over the Jabiluka uranium mine?
What is the report as biased and unbalanced considered by in Kyoto this week?
What did he say for?
What did Hill say Australia would try to have struck down before it is considered by the World Heritage Committee in Kyoto this week?
What did he say the majority of the drafting group reflected?
What did he say from?
What did Kakadu personally remain open to?
Who said the World Heritage convention was supposed to be an instrument of cooperation and not a forum for adversary politics?
What has already insisted that Jabiluka remain open?
What did he say were designed to remove real and potential dangers from one of Australia's most famous national parks?
Who was Kakadu?
Who was Francesco Francioni?
When was CANBERRA?
What has the Australian government already insisted?
What did he say the majority of the drafting group reflected the views of?
What did australian Environment Minister Robert Hill say would go ahead anyway?
What was extraordinary?
What did I personally remain open to?
Who blasted the report as biased and unbalanced?
What did Francioni talk over ABC Radio from?
What found the Jabiluka uranium mine threatened the surrounding Kakadu World Heritage area and raised the prospect of Kakadu being placed on the committee's endangered list?
Who talked over ABC Radio from Tokyo?
What did the World Heritage Committee report find threatened the surrounding Kakadu World Heritage area and raised the prospect of Kakadu being placed on the committee's endangered list?
Who said the majority of the drafting group reflected the views of the report?
What is due to go before the World Heritage Committee Bureau meeting in Kyoto?
What did Kakadu say from?
Who personally remained open to any kind of input and any kind of interaction with the Australian government?
What did the World Heritage Committee report find on?
What did Kakadu say were designed to remove real and potential dangers from one of Australia's most famous national parks?
What did Kakadu say?
What did he say was supposed to be an instrument of cooperation and not a forum for adversary politics?
What did Kakadu say the majority of the drafting group reflected?
What was November 27?
What did I personally ensure?
What did australian Environment Minister Robert Hill blast?
What did Kakadu say the majority of the drafting group reflected the views of?
What did Kakadu personally ensure?
What did australian Environment Minister Robert Hill say?
Whose claim that the mission's report was full of contradictions did Francioni reject?
What did Francioni reject Hill's claim that the mission's report was full of?
What did Francioni reject?
Who rejected Hill's claim that the mission's report was full of contradictions?
Who personally ensured that the mission cooperated?
What did Kakadu say was supposed to be an instrument of cooperation and not a forum for adversary politics?
What did Francioni talk over from Tokyo?
What did he say?
Who said the mine would go ahead anyway?
Who said the recommendations were designed to remove real and potential dangers from one of Australia's most famous national parks?
What did Kakadu say reflected the views of the report?
What did he say reflected the views of the report?
Who did the heritage bureau express ``grave concerns'' about the impact would have on Kakadu's cultural and natural values at its meeting in Kyoto?
What expressed ``grave concerns'' about the impact Jabiluka would have on Kakadu's cultural and natural values at its meeting in Kyoto?
What did the heritage bureau express ``grave concerns'' about the impact Jabiluka would have on Kakadu's cultural and natural values at?
What did the World Heritage Bureau order Australian authorities to provide?
What surrounds the Jabiluka uranium mine?
What did the bureau decide not to immediately put on its list of world heritage areas considered to be in danger after intensive lobbying from the government?
What was Kyoto?
Who did Brown say the delay would see Australia's reputation ``dragged through the environmental and cultural fires from right around the globe''?
Where did the World Heritage Bureau order Australian authorities to provide a detailed report saying?
Whose cultural and natural values did the heritage bureau express ``grave concerns'' about the impact on at Australia's international reputation's meeting in Kyoto?
What has become the ace environmental pirate on the planet?
What did Brown say the delay would see ``dragged through the environmental and cultural fires from experts right around the globe''?
What did it order Australian authorities to provide?
What did Kakadu join the likes of?
When has become the ace environmental pirate on the planet?
What did the heritage bureau express ``grave concerns'' about the impact Jabiluka would have on at Australia's international reputation's meeting in Kyoto?
What would be put to the World Heritage Committee this week for a final decision?
If that report was not satisfactory, what did the bureau say Kakadu should immediately be put on the in?
What is being very grievously damaged?
What did the World Heritage Bureau order Australian authorities to provide a detailed report saying to?
What did the heritage bureau express Jabiluka would have on Kakadu's cultural and natural values at its meeting in Kyoto?
Who has it become?
What would the bureau's recommendation be put to the World Heritage Committee this week for?
Whose cultural and natural values did the heritage bureau express ``grave concerns'' about the impact Jabiluka would have on at its meeting in Kyoto?
Who said the delay would see Australia's reputation ``dragged through the environmental and cultural fires from experts right around the globe''?
If that report was not satisfactory, what said Kakadu should immediately be put on the in danger list?
Who has Sunday become?
What was November 29-- The Greens?
What expressed ``grave concerns'' about the impact Jabiluka would have on Kakadu's cultural and natural values at Australia's international reputation's meeting in Kyoto?
Who did the bureau decide not to immediately put the park on its list of world heritage areas considered to be in danger after?
What did Greens Senator Bob Brown say Sunday in?
What did it order Australian authorities to provide a detailed report saying to?
What did Brown say the delay would see Australia's reputation ``dragged through from experts right around the globe''?
What does Kakadu National Park surround?
When was CANBERRA?
When would the bureau's recommendation be put to the World Heritage Committee for a final decision?
What did Brown say through''?
If that report was not satisfactory, who did the bureau say should immediately be put on the in danger list?
What did the heritage bureau express ``grave concerns'' about the impact Jabiluka would have on at its meeting in Kyoto?
What would the bureau's recommendation be put to this week for a final decision?
Whose cultural and natural values did the heritage bureau express ``grave concerns'' about the impact on at its meeting in Kyoto?
If that report was not satisfactory, what did the bureau say Kakadu should immediately be put on in danger list?
Where did Greens Senator Bob Brown say Sunday?
Who joined the likes of the war torn old city of Jerusalem?
What was unlikely the committee would disagree with the bureau?
What did the heritage bureau express ``grave concerns'' about the impact on at its meeting in Kyoto?
What did the heritage bureau express ``grave concerns'' about the impact on at Australia's international reputation's meeting in Kyoto?
Where did it order Australian authorities to provide a detailed report saying?
What did Greens Senator Bob Brown say Sunday that the World Heritage Bureau Saturday night in Kyoto granted the Australian government until April 15 to produce?
What did CANBERRA accuse the Howard government's standing on Kakadu National Park by saying?
When did Brown say would see Australia's reputation ``dragged through the environmental and cultural fires from experts right around the globe''?
If that report was not satisfactory, what did the bureau say on?
What decided not to immediately put the park on its list of world heritage areas considered to be in danger after intensive lobbying from the government?
What did the heritage bureau express Jabiluka would have on Kakadu's cultural and natural values at Australia's international reputation's meeting in Kyoto?
What did the heritage bureau express ``grave concerns'' about Jabiluka would have on Kakadu's cultural and natural values at its meeting in Kyoto?
What was Japan?
What did the bureau decide not to immediately put the park on after intensive lobbying from the government?
What did Kakadu join?
What did Brown say the delay would see Australia's reputation ``dragged through the environmental and cultural fires from experts right around''?
What did CANBERRA accuse by saying it had become the world's leading environmental pirate for its role in stopping the immediate listing of Kakadu as an endangered area?
When was CANBERRA?
What did australian Environment Minister Robert Hill say proved the natural values of Kakadu would not be threatened by the development of the mine?
What were the findings of the mission report inconsistent with the fact had operated for 20 years with no adverse impact on Kakadu?
What was April 15?
Who said scientific evidence proved the natural values of Kakadu would not be threatened by the development of the mine?
What were the findings of the mission report inconsistent with the fact the Ranger uranium mine had operated for 20 years with?
What was the Ranger uranium mine?
What did the government reject?
Whose environmental concerns did the government reject?
What did australian Environment Minister Robert Hill say scientific evidence proved the natural values of Kakadu would not be threatened by?
What is the Northern Territory?
What did australian Environment Minister Robert Hill say by?
What rejected many environmentalists's environmental concerns?
What did CANBERRA-- The Australian federal government Thursday reject?
What does the government say to be generated from the mining project is important?
What did Hill say?
What have many environmentalists been calling on not to approve the uranium mining project adjacent to the park?
Who did Kakadu tell, ``This proves mining can occur on leases adjacent to Kakadu without harming World Heritage values''?
What were inconsistent with the fact the Ranger uranium mine had operated for 20 years with no adverse impact on Kakadu?
What was less than 20 km from Jabiluka?
What said the report of the United Nations Educational, Scientific and Cultural Organization World Heritage mission contained ``several errors of science, law and logic''?
When were the findings of the mission report inconsistent with the fact?
Who told journalists in Canberra, ``This proves mining can occur on leases adjacent to Kakadu without harming World Heritage values''?
What did Hill say the report of the United Nations Educational, Scientific and Cultural Organization World Heritage mission contained?
What says jobs and export income to be generated from the mining project is important?
What rejected their environmental concerns?
What were the findings of the mission report inconsistent with the Ranger uranium mine had operated for 20 years with no adverse impact on Kakadu?
What did australian Environment Minister Robert Hill say scientific evidence proved would not be threatened by the development of the mine?
What did Hill say the report of the United Nations Educational, Scientific and Cultural Organization World Heritage mission contained ``several errors of''?
Who have been calling on the Australian government not to approve the uranium mining project adjacent to the park?
Where is the Kakadu National Park located?
What does the government say jobs and export income to be generated from?
What said Australia's response to the report ``clearly demonstrated that there is no basis to including Kakadu National Park on the in-danger list''?
What covers 20,000 square km?
What did Hill say contained ``several errors of science, law and logic''?
What is the Kakadu National Park located in?
What does the Kakadu National Park cover?
What is Australia?
What is located in the Northern Territory?
Who did he tell, ``This proves mining can occur on leases adjacent to Kakadu without harming World Heritage values''?
What did australian Environment Minister Robert Hill say scientific evidence proved by?
When were the findings of the mission report inconsistent with the fact the Ranger uranium mine had operated with no adverse impact on Kakadu?
What did Hill say Australia's response to the report ``clearly demonstrated''?
What did he tell journalists in Canberra, ``This proves on''?
What did Kakadu tell journalists in Canberra, ``This proves on''?
What are CANBERRA?
When is CANBERRA?
What caused damage worth hundreds of millions of dollars?
What does Euthanasia campaigner Dr. Philip Nitschke face possible deregistration from an investigation into?
What was Nitschke served in the first threat of legal action since he began his voluntary euthanasia crusade five years ago?
What did a freak hail storm cause damage worth?
What was Nitschke served a notice that alleged he advised patients to obtain lethal drugs illegally in?
Who caused damage worth hundreds of millions of dollars?
Who faces possible deregistration from an investigation into allegations of professional misconduct?
Who does Euthanasia campaigner Dr. Philip Nitschke face from an investigation into allegations of professional misconduct?
When did a freak hail storm sweep across Sydney?
What did a freak hail storm cause worth hundreds of millions of dollars?
What swept across Sydney Wednesday night?
What did the Sydney Morning Herald cause worth hundreds of millions of dollars?
What did the Sydney Morning Herald cause damage worth?
What did a freak hail storm sweep across Wednesday night?
What does Euthanasia campaigner Dr. Philip Nitschke face possible deregistration from into allegations of professional misconduct?
What are major news items in leading Australian newspapers Thursday?
What is April 15-- The following?
