What was the parent of pharmaceutical company Wyeth-Ayerst Laboratories?
What is phentermine?
What have Fenflurmaine and Redux been taken off?
Who said he looks forward to putting the facts before the jury?
What has the other half not been linked to when taken alone?
Who does Ms. Moore claim was not warned about the risks of taking fenfluramine as Pondimin, or dexfenfluramine, a similar drug sold by the company as Redux?
Who said a victory for the woman could prove key to other cases?
When did Ms. Moore take fen-phen for 10 months?
Who have been taken off the market?
Who was American Home Products Corp.?
What does Fenfluramine make up?
Who makes up half of the ``fen-phen'' combination prescribed to thousands of patients to promote weight loss?
Who took fen-phen for 10 months in 1996?
Who is Ms. Moore?
What does Ms. Moore claim she was not warned about?
What did Ms. Moore take for 10 months in 1996?
What was filed by Sandra Moore against American Home Products Corp.?
Who said, ``the sales and marketing people were making a lot of money''?
What does Fenfluramine make up half of?
Who was 52?
Who said, ``They were making a lot of money''?
What is believed to be the first to reach a courtroom over the issue of heart valve damage caused by fen-phen or Redux?
What does Ms. Moore claim about?
What is she now on?
Who did Defense lawyer Bill Sims say looks forward to putting the facts before the jury?
Who is marketed by Wyeth-Ayerst?
What did experts say to?
What did Michael McGartland say during opening statements of the civil trial, ``The sales and marketing people said on''?
What was the case filed by Sandra Moore against?
Who is Missoula?
When did Ms. Moore take fen-phen in 1996?
Who claims she was not warned about the risks of taking fenfluramine as Pondimin, or dexfenfluramine, a similar drug sold by the company as Redux?
What is Sandra Moore now on?
Who found mild heart valve damage after Ms. Moore took fen-phen for 10 months in 1996?
What did Defense lawyer Bill Sims say before?
Who is now on medication for her condition?
What was seated to hear the case?
What is the other half?
What is?
What did doctors find damage after Ms. Moore took fen-phen for 10 months in 1996?
What is still on the market?
What is the other half still on?
What is Mont? ?
Who said, ``There's a lot of misinformation circulating about these drugs and why they were voluntarily withdrawn from the market''?
Who was the case filed by against American Home Products Corp.?
What was American Home Products Corp. the parent of?
Who is fenfluramine marketed by?
What was Ms. Moore?
What did experts say could prove key to other cases?
Who is a former Alvarado resident who now lives in Missoula?
What did experts say a victory for the woman could prove key to?
What has not been linked to heart problems when taken alone?
What is Redux?
What did the world pull the drugs off the market in 1997 at?
What did the attorney say?
Who is American Home Products?
What does Ms. Moore claim she had to quit because of heart valve damage caused by fenfluramine, half of the fen-phen combination, and Redux?
What is the world's seventh-largest drug maker?
What is phentermine?
What did lawyers for Ms. Moore say?
What is Texas?
Who did the attorney say has a mild and common disorder often called a heart murmur that could be hereditary?
What did the world pull off the market in 1997 at the request of federal health officials?
What does Ms. Moore claim she had to quit her job because of?
Who said, ``These drugs were taken off the market because they were unreasonably dangerous''?
What has Sandra Moore sued for $110 million in the nation's first trial involving the once-popular weight-loss drugs?
Who took fen-phen for 22 months?
Who has sued the company for $110 million in the nation's first trial involving the once-popular weight-loss drugs?
What is CLEBURNE?
What has Sandra Moore sued the company for $110 million in?
What was primary pulmonary hypertension?
What was Wyeth-Ayerst Laboratories a subsidiary of?
Who claims she had to quit her job because of heart valve damage caused by fenfluramine, half of the fen-phen combination, and Redux?
What did it pull the drugs off in 1997 at the request of federal health officials?
What did Ms. Moore take for 22 months?
When did it pull the drugs off the market at the request of federal health officials?
What has been hit with more than 1,800 lawsuits since the world pulled the drugs off the market in 1997 at the request of federal health officials?
Who carried labels starting in 1988 warning that in rare instances it caused primary pulmonary hypertension?
Who was a subsidiary of American Home Products?
What does the defense also plan to present?
What did the world pull the drugs off in 1997 at the request of federal health officials?
What has Sandra Moore sued the company for in the nation's first trial involving the once-popular weight-loss drugs?
What has the other half of the fen-phen combination not been linked to when taken alone?
What did lawyers for Ms. Moore say American Home Products knew?
What did the attorney say Ms. Moore has?
When did Ms. Moore take fen-phen?
What did defense attorney Sandy Liser say is not severe and could be linked to other causes?
What did defense attorney Sandy Liser say to?
What does Ms. Moore claim because of?
What do CLEBURNE-- Attorneys for American Home Products Corp. insist the company is not liable for?
Who is a similar product?
What were unreasonably dangerous?
What was expected to begin today?
What has been hit with more than 1,800 lawsuits since it pulled the drugs off the market in 1997 at the request of federal health officials?
Who said Ms. Moore has a mild and common disorder often called a heart murmur that could be hereditary?
What do CLEBURNE-- Attorneys for American Home Products Corp. insist for?
What were marketed by Wyeth-Ayerst Laboratories?
What insist the company is not liable for the health problems of a woman who used the diet-drug combination fen-phen?
Who said Ms. Moore's condition is not severe and could be linked to other causes?
Whose condition did defense attorney Sandy Liser say to?
Who were unreasonably dangerous?
Who does Ms. Moore claim had to quit her job because of heart valve damage caused by fenfluramine, half of the fen-phen combination, and Redux?
What did it pull off the market in 1997 at the request of federal health officials?
What has American Home Products been hit with since it pulled the drugs off the market in 1997 at the request of federal health officials?
What do CLEBURNE-- Attorneys for American Home Products Corp. insist is not liable for the health problems of a woman who used the diet-drug combination fen-phen?
What is the fen-phen combination?
Who were both marketed by?
Whose condition did defense attorney Sandy Liser say is not severe and could be linked to other causes?
What pulled the drugs off the market in 1997 at the request of federal health officials?
Who was Wyeth-Ayerst Laboratories?
What is still being sold?
What also plans to present testimony that fen-phen carried labels that recommended usage of no longer than three months?
Who said American Home Products knew fen-phen caused serious heart problems and underreported the number of cases of primary pulmonary hypertension?
What did Fenfluramine carry?
What did it pull the drugs off the market in 1997 at?
What did lawyers for Ms. Moore say knew fen-phen caused serious heart problems and underreported the number of cases of primary pulmonary hypertension?
What did Fenfluramine carry labels starting in 1988 warning in?
What has American Home Products been hit with since the world pulled the drugs off the market in 1997 at the request of federal health officials?
What was a potentially fatal disorder?
When did the world pull the drugs off the market at the request of federal health officials?
What has not been linked to heart problems when taken alone?
What did she claim American Home knew?
What is she on?
What did Dallas lawyer Kip Petroff say could encourage more lawsuits?
Whose lawyer did not return calls seeking comment Friday?
What did American Home market?
Who did Sandra Moore claim knew heart problems could result but hid them to maximize profits?
What does Dallas lawyer Kip Petroff have?
What did the Dallas Morning News report?
What did she take?
What is a mild case worth however much?
What did Darrell Keith say?
What did the settlement come a week into?
What did Sandra Moore claim American Home knew?
What did the Dallas Morning News cite?
Who did not return calls seeking comment Friday?
Who did she claim knew heart problems could result but hid them to maximize profits?
Who said today a reported $500,000 settlement for a woman who used the diet drug combination had agreed to a settlement but offered no details?
What has the drug maker since been hit with?
What is Sandra Moore on?
What was being closely followed by others with similar claims against the company?
What had a Mayo Clinic study linked to potentially fatal heart valve damage?
How many fen-cases does Dallas lawyer Kip Petroff have?
Who found mild heart valve damage in Ms. Moore after she took fen-phen to promote weight loss?
What cited unidentified sources?
What are expensive to pursue?
What did Sandra Moore claim American Home knew could result but hid them to maximize profits?
What is still on the market?
Who found mild heart valve damage in Ms. Moore after she is on medication for her condition?
What did the company say?
What is a mild case worth however much got?
What is worth however much they got?
What was fen-phen?
Who was Ms. Moore's lawsuit being closely followed by?
What was the other half of fen-phen never associated with when taken alone?
Who said the settlement could encourage more lawsuits?
What was Ms. Moore's lawsuit?
What did American Home argue?
Who claimed American Home knew heart problems could result but hid them to maximize profits?
Whose lawsuit was the first of its kind to go to a jury?
What came a week into Sandra Moore's case against the pharmaceutical giant American Home Products Corp.?
What did Sandra Moore claim?
What did doctors find after she is on medication for her condition?
Who is on medication for her condition?
Who was Sandra Moore's lawyer?
What had the 52-year-old former teacher sought?
Whose lawsuit was being closely followed by others with similar claims against the company?
What did American Home say to?
What has DALLAS-- The first trial over heart-valve damage from fen-phen ended in?
What did Dallas lawyer Kip Petroff say?
Who was her lawyer?
What did she claim American Home knew could result but hid them to maximize profits?
What was the first of its kind to go to a jury?
What was the first of half of the fen-phen combination's kind to go to a jury?
What did the Madison, N. J. -based drug maker pull fenfluramine and Redux off in 1997 at the Food and Drug Administration's request?
Who had sought $110 million?
Who was Michael McGartland?
Whose case against the pharmaceutical giant American Home Products Corp. did the settlement come a week into?
Who marketed fenfluramine and Redux?
Who was a Fort Worth lawyer who said Dallas lawyer Kip Petroff has rejected several fen-phen cases?
Who said, ``I call that a loss''?
What was Redux?
What has ended in a reported $500,000 settlement for a woman who used the diet drug combination?
What did American Home argue that Ms. Moore has?
What reported that the company will pay $500,000?
Who has since been hit with hundreds of lawsuits?
What had a Mayo Clinic study linked the drugs to?
What did the company say acted responsibly in marketing and monitoring its products?
Who is a mild case worth however much got?
Who argued that Ms. Moore has a mild and common disorder often called a heart murmur that could be hereditary?
Who was a similar product?
What did doctors find after she took fen-phen to promote weight loss?
Who said he disagreed because such cases are expensive to pursue?
Who said Dallas lawyer Kip Petroff disagreed because such cases are expensive to pursue?
What did Dallas lawyer Kip Petroff say the settlement could encourage?
What was Ms. Moore's lawsuit the first of?
Who pulled fenfluramine and Redux off the market in 1997 at the Food and Drug Administration's request?
What did Sandra Moore take?
Whose lawsuit was the first of half of the fen-phen combination's kind to go to a jury?
Who said today it had agreed to a settlement but offered no details?
What was never associated with that damage when taken alone?
Who was a Fort Worth lawyer who said he has rejected several fen-phen cases?
What did the Dallas Morning News report that the company will pay?
When did the settlement come into Sandra Moore's case against the pharmaceutical giant American Home Products Corp.?
Who took fen-phen to promote weight loss?
What did she claim?
When did the Madison, N. J. -based drug maker pull fenfluramine and Redux off the market at the Food and Drug Administration's request?
Who was Darrell Keith?
What was phentermine?
Who has 100 fen-cases?
What had linked the drugs to potentially fatal heart valve damage?
What is the other half of fen-phen still on?
Whose lawyer was Michael McGartland?
Who did Darrell Keith say disagreed because such cases are expensive to pursue?
What said it acted responsibly in marketing and monitoring its products?
What did the Madison, N. J. -based drug maker pull off the market in 1997 at the Food and Drug Administration's request?
When have other meetings occurred in Philadelphia and New York?
What did American Home market?
What did American Home reach in the first trial over heart-valve damage from fen-phen?
What have been certified in several states?
What did the Dallas Morning News say American Home would pay under such a deal?
What took fen-phen?
What did American Home reach a settlement in over heart-valve damage from fen-phen?
What did an estimated 6 million people in the United States take?
What said attorneys for both sides met Wednesday in Houston?
What has it not yet been decided for?
What reported the possibility of a national agreement Thursday?
What did Hill say, ``I do not see''?
What would those diagnosed with problems be eligible for?
What have class-action lawsuits asking the company to pay for medical checkups and future medical treatments been certified in?
What did American Home reach a settlement in the first trial over?
What do Trial lawyers contend?
What did James Peterson say the drug company initiated?
What did lawyers say Thursday is in talks to settle millions of health claims brought by people who contend the drug caused leaky heart valves and often-fatal lung problems?
What said American Home would pay billions of dollars under such a deal?
What represents 100 people who say lawyers developed health problems after using fen-phen?
What did the Dallas Morning News say American Home would pay billions of under such a deal?
What has not yet been decided whether those diagnosed with problems would be eligible for damages?
When is a trial scheduled?
Where have class-action lawsuits asking the company to pay for medical checkups and future medical treatments been certified?
Where did Hill say attorneys for both sides met Wednesday?
Who said the drug company initiated the talks?
What is an often-fatal lung disease?
What did lawyers say Thursday HOUSTON-- The manufacturer of the diet drug combination fen-phen is in?
What was American Home?
Who said?
What would be eligible for damages?
Who was another plaintiff's lawyer?
What represents 100 people who say they developed health problems after using fen-phen?
Who reached a settlement in the first trial over heart-valve damage from fen-phen?
What did the Dallas Morning News say under?
How many estimated people in the United States took fen-phen?
What does Hill's firm represent?
What said?
When did Hill say attorneys for both sides met in Houston?
Who marketed fenfluramine and Redux?
Who was the world's seventh-largest pharmaceutical company?
Who did the company reportedly agree to a $500,000 settlement to?
What is primary pulmonary hypertension?
What reportedly agreed to a $500,000 settlement to one plaintiff?
What was Redux?
What has a possible settlement not yet been decided for?
What have been filed against fen-phen?
Who did the Dallas Morning News say would pay billions of dollars under such a deal?
What did a spokesman for American Home decline?
Who was a similar product?
What is scheduled later this spring?
What did the Dallas Morning News say American Home would pay billions of dollars under?
Who declined comment?
Whose lawyer was James Peterson?
What did Hill say attorneys for both sides met Wednesday in?
Who was James Peterson?
What have other meetings occurred over the past two weeks in?
What have more than 2,600 individual lawsuits been filed against?
What did James Peterson say?
How many individual lawsuits have been filed against fen-phen?
How many people who say lawyers developed health problems after using fen-phen does Hill's firm represent?
How many people who say they developed health problems after using fen-phen does Hill's firm represent?
Who did Hill say met Wednesday in Houston?
What did James Peterson say initiated the talks?
What have occurred over the past two weeks in Philadelphia and New York?
Where have other meetings occurred over the past two weeks?
What did the company reportedly agree to to one plaintiff?
Who contend thousands suffered problems such as leaky heart valves and primary pulmonary hypertension?
What did the company agree to pay to one plaintiff?
What marketed fenfluramine and Redux through its Wyeth-Ayerst Laboratories subsidiary?
What have resulted in amounts of up to $4. 6 million?
What did Houston lawyer Graham Hill's partners attend two settlement meetings?
What did another Houston lawyer tell the Morning News the company wants ``to avoid letting any of these cases risk''?
What did Houston lawyer Graham Hill's partners attend representing plaintiffs?
What have settlements in at least nine cases resulted in?
What are certified in Illinois?
What did the company reach in the first trial over heart-valve damage from fen-phen?
Who stated a filing with the U. S. Securities and Exchange Commission was aware of 2,615 lawsuits over fen-phen as of March 22?
What agreed to pay $500,000 to one plaintiff?
What did the drug maker state it was as of March 22?
Who said American Home Products hopes to reach an out-of-court deal in cases scheduled for trial in Texas this spring and summer?
What did another Houston lawyer tell the Morning News the company wants ``to avoid letting any of these cases go to''?
What do thousands of people contend developed heart problems after taking the drugs?
When agreed to pay $500,000 to one plaintiff?
Who confirmed today DALLAS-- Lawyers representing millions of people who used the diet drug combination fen-phen are negotiating a national settlement of health claims against the manufacturer?
Who was the Houston lawyer?
Who was Don Bowen?
How many settlement meetings did Houston lawyer Graham Hill's partners attend representing plaintiffs?
What is acceptable?
Who do thousands of people contend developed heart problems after taking the drugs?
What marketed fenfluramine and Redux through a really huge verdict's Wyeth-Ayerst Laboratories subsidiary?
What did the drug maker state a filing with the U. S. Securities and Exchange Commission was aware of as of March 22?
What did the Dallas Morning News say American Home Products would pay billions of under such a deal?
What had a Mayo Clinic study linked to potentially fatal heart valve damage?
What would ``considerably inflate'' a national settlement's price tag?
What used the drug?
How many people in the United States used the drug?
What did another Houston lawyer tell the Morning News the company wants ``to avoid letting go to trial''?
What said American Home Products would pay billions of dollars under such a deal?
What are class-action lawsuits certified in?
What can be concluded?
Who told the Morning News?
What is still on the market?
What did another Houston lawyer tell the Morning News wants ``to avoid letting any of these cases go to trial''?
What did the drug maker state was aware of 2,615 lawsuits over fen-phen as of March 22?
What was American Home Products Corp.?
What was fen-phen?
Who said the talks are in the earliest stages?
What did a lawyer confirm today are negotiating a national settlement of health claims against the manufacturer?
What did the company reach a settlement in?
What was the other half of fen-phen never associated with when taken alone?
What was the manufacturer?
When did another Houston lawyer tell News the company wants ``to avoid letting any of these cases go to trial''?
What is New Jersey, Pennsylvania, Texas, Washington and West Virginia?
What did a lawyer confirm today DALLAS-- Lawyers representing millions of people who used the diet drug combination fen-phen are negotiating?
What did Houston lawyer Graham Hill say hopes to reach an out-of-court deal in cases scheduled for trial in Texas this spring and summer?
What did another Houston lawyer tell the Morning News the company wants ``to avoid letting risk a really huge verdict''?
Who stated it was aware of 2,615 lawsuits over fen-phen as of March 22?
When did another Houston lawyer tell News the company wants ``to avoid letting any of these cases risk a really huge verdict''?
What did the Dallas Morning News say under?
Who told the Morning News the company wants ``to avoid letting any of these cases risk a really huge verdict''?
What added, ``a number of different proposals and scenarios have been discussed''?
What did Hill say on?
What did the Dallas Morning News say American Home Products would pay billions of dollars under?
What did some 6 million people in the United States use?
What did American Home Products market through its Wyeth-Ayerst Laboratories subsidiary?
Who declined comment on the report this morning?
What do thousands of people contend?
What was Redux?
Who was in a filing with the U. S. Securities and Exchange Commission?
Who attended two settlement meetings representing plaintiffs?
What did American Home Products market through a really huge verdict's Wyeth-Ayerst Laboratories subsidiary?
What added, ``There have been several meetings''?
What did the Dallas Morning News say American Home Products would pay under such a deal?
What did the Madison, N. J. -based drug maker pull in 1997?
What had a Mayo Clinic study linked the drugs to?
Who told the Morning News the company wants ``to avoid letting any of these cases go to trial''?
Who was a similar product?
What did the drug maker state it was aware of as of March 22?
What reached a settlement in the first trial over heart-valve damage from fen-phen?
When did the drug maker state?
What did Houston lawyer Graham Hill say American Home Products hopes to reach an out-of-court deal in?
Who pulled fenfluramine and Redux off the market at the Food and Drug Administration's request in 1997?
What do thousands of people contend they developed after taking the drugs?
What was never associated with that damage when taken alone?
What would a large jury verdict ``considerably inflate''?
What reported the negotiations today?
Where are class-action lawsuits certified?
What did Houston lawyer Graham Hill say American Home Products hopes to reach in cases scheduled for trial in Texas this spring and summer?
When did the Madison, N. J. -based drug maker pull fenfluramine and Redux off the market at the Food and Drug Administration's request?
Who did American Home Products market fenfluramine and Redux through?
What added, ``there are some difficult issues that are going to have to be agreed upon before anything of this magnitude can be concluded''?
When did some lawyers and Wall Street analysts tell News?
What was phentermine?
When did Houston lawyer Graham Hill say the talks are?
What did a lawyer confirm today DALLAS-- Lawyers representing millions of people who used the diet drug combination fen-phen are negotiating a national settlement of?
What is Illinois?
Whose partners attended two settlement meetings representing plaintiffs?
What said it was too early to put a price tag on a possible settlement?
What had linked the drugs to potentially fatal heart valve damage?
What was the drug maker in?
Who did the company agree to pay $500,000 to?
What contend they developed heart problems after taking the drugs?
What did another Houston lawyer tell the Morning News wants ``to avoid letting any of these cases risk a really huge verdict''?
What did Houston lawyer Graham Hill say are in the earliest stages?
What did the Dallas Morning News say would pay billions of dollars under such a deal?
What is the other half of fen-phen still on?
What did Hill say was too early to put a price tag on a possible settlement?
What did last month agree to pay to one plaintiff?
What did the drug maker state a filing with the U. S. Securities and Exchange Commission was as of March 22?
Who did last month agree to pay $500,000 to?
Who is seeking unspecified damages?
What did he say tests had indicated?
What have problems?
What did they know of?
Who settled for a reported $500,000 one week into the trial in Johnson County?
Who is suing American Home Products Inc. and subsidiary?
What has American Home reported in a filing with the U. S. Securities and Exchange Commission are pending?
What took fen-phen?
What did an estimated 6 million people in the United States take?
What did she take?
Who said, ``They have people whose job it is to review the safety data and detect if things should be put in the label''?
When did Petroff say?
What did Lovett's attorney Kip Petroff say he will prove on?
What did another woman take American Home Products to over heart-valve damage?
Who had Lovett's attorney Kip Petroff not warned about any of them?
Whose attorney Kip Petroff knew of 35 cases of valvular heart disease?
Who is claiming she suffered moderate to severe heart valve damage after taking fen-phen for eight months starting in October 1995?
Who is Ms. Lovett claiming suffered moderate to severe heart valve damage after taking fen-phen for eight months starting in October 1995?
What did he say had indicated her heart was healthy before she took the drug?
What did he say tests had indicated was healthy before she took the drug?
What had not warned doctors about any of them?
What do they have?
What did American Home Products pull Pondimin and Redux off in 1997 at the Food and Drug Administration's request?
What is the nation's seventh-largest pharmaceutical company?
What do Trial lawyers contend?
What did Lovett's attorney Kip Petroff say?
How many lawsuits over the health effects of fen-phen has American Home reported in a filing with the U. S. Securities and Exchange Commission are pending?
Who had they not warned about any of them?
Who said that a national settlement with AHP is in preliminary stages and could take months?
What is Wyeth-Ayerst Laboratories?
What has American Home reported in more than 2,600 lawsuits over the health effects of fen-phen are pending?
What did Lovett's attorney Kip Petroff say on?
Who said that it is in preliminary stages and could take months?
What is still on the market?
Who did Petroff say suffered a series of small strokes and was hospitalized after taking Pondimin and Redux?
What did another woman take to court over heart-valve damage?
What was fen-phen?
Who is American Home Products Inc. and subsidiary?
What is an often-fatal lung disease?
Who has reported in a filing with the U. S. Securities and Exchange Commission more than 2,600 lawsuits over the health effects of fen-phen are pending?
What did Sandra Moore settle for a reported $500,000 one week into?
What is Ms. Lovett claiming she suffered after taking fen-phen for eight months starting in October 1995?
What did Doug Petkus decline to comment on?
What had linked the drugs to potentially fatal heart-valve damage?
Who took American Home Products to court over heart-valve damage?
What are class-action suits asking the company to pay for medical checkups and future treatments for people who do not know whether they have problems?
What was the other half of fen-phen never associated with when taken alone?
When did CANTON begin in the trial of a Texas woman who blames the maker of diet drug fen-phen for damaging her heart valves?
What were the prescriptions filled at?
What did he say?
Whose attorney Kip Petroff took the drug?
What did Sandra Moore settle for week into the trial in Johnson County?
How many estimated people in the United States took fen-phen?
Who declined to comment on the lawsuit?
What did Petroff say is being discussed?
What did Lovett's attorney Kip Petroff know of?
Who did American Home Products pull off the market in 1997 at the Food and Drug Administration's request?
Who is suing for past and future suffering and mental anguish?
Who was a spokesman for American Home Products?
What is primary pulmonary hypertension?
What did another woman take American Home Products to court over?
Who said he will prove that American Home knew its products could cause heart valve damage, but failed to put warnings on drug labels?
What is the Madison, N. J. -based company?
What did Lovett's attorney Kip Petroff take?
Who said tests had indicated her heart was healthy before she took the drug?
Who had not warned doctors about any of them?
Who said a national settlement with AHP is being discussed?
Who have problems?
Whose attorney Kip Petroff said he will prove that American Home knew its products could cause heart valve damage, but failed to put warnings on drug labels?
Who knew of 35 cases of valvular heart disease?
What had Lovett's attorney Kip Petroff not warned doctors about?
What was Texas-- Jury selection?
What had a Mayo Clinic study linked the drugs to?
What are several?
What had they not warned doctors about?
Who was Doug Petkus?
What did Lovett's attorney Kip Petroff say tests had indicated was healthy before she took the drug?
What began Monday in the trial of a Texas woman who blames the maker of diet drug fen-phen for damaging her heart valves?
Whose attorney Kip Petroff had not warned doctors about any of them?
What were filled at Economy Drug of Grand Saline, Texas, and Wal-Mart Stores?
What do medical checkups and future treatments have?
What was never associated with that damage when taken alone?
What is Ms. Lovett seeking?
What did Petroff say?
When is Ms. Lovett claiming?
When did Sandra Moore settle for a reported $500,000 one into the trial in Johnson County?
What did Lovett's attorney Kip Petroff say had indicated her heart was healthy before she took the drug?
What did American Home Products pull Pondimin and Redux off the market in?
What was phentermine?
What pulled Pondimin and Redux off the market in 1997 at the Food and Drug Administration's request?
Who said the 36-year-old woman suffered a series of small strokes and was hospitalized after taking Pondimin and Redux?
What had a Mayo Clinic study linked to potentially fatal heart-valve damage?
What were filled at Economy Drug of Grand Saline and Wal-Mart Stores?
What knew of 35 cases of valvular heart disease?
Who took the drug?
What is Ms. Lovett suing for?
What did Lovett's attorney Kip Petroff say tests had indicated?
What did CANTON begin Monday in?
What is the other half of fen-phen still on?
Who contend thousands suffered problems such as leaky heart valves and primary pulmonary hypertension?
What was CANTON?
What is Debbie Stone Lovett of Grand Saline suing?
Whose attorney Kip Petroff said tests had indicated her heart was healthy before she took the drug?
Whose case against American Home Products Inc. and subsidiary did a judge on Monday declare a mistrial after attorneys determined they could not seat an impartial jury to hear?
What did Kip Petroff say, ``Too many people had their mind made up''?
What would a larger pool of prospective jurors be called at?
Who is seeking unspecified damages?
Who declared a mistrial after attorneys determined they could not seat an impartial jury to hear Debbie Stone Lovett's case against American Home Products Inc. and subsidiary?
Who did the Dallas Morning News report several prospective jurors in Van Zandt County said had relatives who took fen-phen and would feel uncomfortable hearing the case?
What did others say Ms. Lovett was responsible for because she continues to smoke a half-pack of cigarettes a day despite the known health risks?
When did Petroff say District Judge Tommy Wallace had set July 12?
Whose case against American Home Products Inc. and subsidiary did a judge on Monday declare?
What did he say tests had indicated?
What have problems?
Whose heart did Kip Petroff say tests had indicated?
What did they know of?
Who settled for a reported $500,000 one week into the trial in Johnson County?
What has American Home reported in a filing with the U. S. Securities and Exchange Commission are pending?
Who did Kip Petroff say were in the midst of questioning 62 prospective jurors when they decided they could not find an impartial panel?
What took fen-phen?
What will he prove on?
What did an estimated 6 million people in the United States take?
What did she take?
Who said, ``They have people whose job it is to review the safety data and detect if things should be put in the label''?
When did Petroff say?
What will try again to have her day in court?
What did another woman take American Home Products to over heart-valve damage?
What did Kip Petroff say lawyers were in?
Where did he say?
When was a hearing scheduled to consider consolidating the case with another similar lawsuit?
What did he say had indicated her heart was healthy before she took the drug?
What did he say tests had indicated was healthy before she took the drug?
What had not warned doctors about any of them?
What do they have?
What did Kip Petroff say had indicated Debbie Stone Lovett's heart was healthy before she took the drug?
What did American Home Products pull Pondimin and Redux off in 1997 at the Food and Drug Administration's request?
What is the nation's seventh-largest pharmaceutical company?
What do Trial lawyers contend?
What did a judge on Monday declare?
What had Debbie Stone Lovett not warned doctors about?
How many lawsuits over the health effects of fen-phen has American Home reported in a filing with the U. S. Securities and Exchange Commission are pending?
Who had they not warned about any of them?
Who was Kip Petroff?
Who said that a national settlement with AHP is in preliminary stages and could take months?
What has American Home reported in more than 2,600 lawsuits over the health effects of fen-phen are pending?
What would be called at the retrial?
What was Wyeth-Ayerst Laboratories?
Who said that it is in preliminary stages and could take months?
What did Kip Petroff say in?
What did others say for?
Who did he say were in the midst of questioning 62 prospective jurors when they decided they could not find an impartial panel?
What is still on the market?
Where did Kip Petroff say lawyers were?
What will CANTON-- A Texas woman who blames the maker of diet drug fen-phen for damaging her heart valves try again to have her day in?
Who did Petroff say suffered a series of small strokes and was hospitalized after taking Pondimin and Redux?
What did another woman take to court over heart-valve damage?
What was fen-phen?
Whose case goes forward?
What is an often-fatal lung disease?
What did he say lawyers were in?
Who has reported in a filing with the U. S. Securities and Exchange Commission more than 2,600 lawsuits over the health effects of fen-phen are pending?
What did Sandra Moore settle for a reported $500,000 one week into?
What did Doug Petkus decline to comment on?
What had linked the drugs to potentially fatal heart-valve damage?
What goes forward?
Who took American Home Products to court over heart-valve damage?
What are class-action suits asking the company to pay for medical checkups and future treatments for people who do not know whether they have problems?
What was the other half of fen-phen never associated with when taken alone?
What were the prescriptions filled at?
What did he say?
What did he say in?
Who said Ms. Lovett was responsible for her injuries because she continues to smoke a half-pack of cigarettes a day despite the known health risks?
Who was an attorney representing Ms. Lovett?
What did Sandra Moore settle for week into the trial in Johnson County?
What does Debbie Stone Lovett continue to smoke a half-pack of cigarettes a day despite?
Who said lawyers were in the midst of questioning 62 prospective jurors when they decided they could not find an impartial panel?
Who was American Home Products Inc. and subsidiary?
Who said District Judge Tommy Wallace had set July 12 as a date for a retrial?
How many estimated people in the United States took fen-phen?
Who did Petroff say had set July 12 as a date for a retrial?
Who declined to comment on the lawsuit?
What did Petroff say is being discussed?
Who did American Home Products pull off the market in 1997 at the Food and Drug Administration's request?
Who is suing for past and future suffering and mental anguish?
Who was a spokesman for American Home Products?
What is primary pulmonary hypertension?
What did another woman take American Home Products to court over?
What did a judge on Monday declare a mistrial after attorneys determined they could not seat an impartial jury to hear?
Who did the Dallas Morning News report said they had relatives who took fen-phen and would feel uncomfortable hearing the case?
What is the Madison, N. J. -based company?
Who said tests had indicated Debbie Stone Lovett's heart was healthy before she took the drug?
Whose products will Kip Petroff prove on?
Who said tests had indicated her heart was healthy before she took the drug?
Who had not warned doctors about any of them?
Who said a national settlement with AHP is being discussed?
Who continues to smoke a half-pack of cigarettes a day despite the known health risks?
Who have problems?
Who knew of 35 cases of valvular heart disease?
What had a Mayo Clinic study linked the drugs to?
What are several?
What will Kip Petroff prove on?
What had they not warned doctors about?
What did Debbie Stone Lovett know of?
When did Petroff say District Judge Tommy Wallace had set as a date for a retrial?
Who was Doug Petkus?
What did Kip Petroff say?
What did the Dallas Morning News report several prospective jurors in Van Zandt County said?
Who will prove that American Home knew its products could cause heart valve damage, but failed to put warnings on drug labels?
Where did Kip Petroff say?
What do medical checkups and future treatments have?
What did Kip Petroff say tests had indicated was healthy before she took the drug?
Where did he say lawyers were?
Whose heart did Kip Petroff say tests had indicated was healthy before she took the drug?
Whose heart did Kip Petroff say?
What was never associated with that damage when taken alone?
What is Ms. Lovett seeking?
What did Kip Petroff say tests had indicated?
What was scheduled for this morning to consider consolidating the case with another similar lawsuit?
What did Debbie Stone Lovett take?
Who did others say was responsible for her injuries because she continues to smoke a half-pack of cigarettes a day despite the known health risks?
What did Petroff say?
Who had Debbie Stone Lovett not warned about any of them?
When did Sandra Moore settle for a reported $500,000 one into the trial in Johnson County?
What did American Home Products pull Pondimin and Redux off the market in?
What was phentermine?
What pulled Pondimin and Redux off the market in 1997 at the Food and Drug Administration's request?
Who said the 36-year-old woman suffered a series of small strokes and was hospitalized after taking Pondimin and Redux?
What had a Mayo Clinic study linked to potentially fatal heart-valve damage?
What were filled at Economy Drug of Grand Saline and Wal-Mart Stores?
Who said, ``Too many people had their mind made up that fen-phen was dangerous''?
What knew of 35 cases of valvular heart disease?
Who took the drug?
What is Ms. Lovett suing for?
When will CANTON-- A Texas woman who blames the maker of diet drug fen-phen for damaging her heart valves try again to have in court?
What does she continue to smoke a half-pack of cigarettes a day despite?
What is the other half of fen-phen still on?
What did a judge on Monday declare seat an impartial jury to hear Debbie Stone Lovett's case against American Home Products Inc. and subsidiary?
What reported several prospective jurors in Van Zandt County said they had relatives who took fen-phen and would feel uncomfortable hearing the case?
Who contend thousands suffered problems such as leaky heart valves and primary pulmonary hypertension?
What did the Dallas Morning News report several prospective jurors in Van Zandt County said had relatives who took fen-phen and would feel uncomfortable hearing the case?
Who was Mary Marisa Smith?
Who estimated the trial will take about three weeks?
What did American Home Products settle another Texas case halfway into earlier this year?
What does the lawsuit assert?
When did Fibich estimate the trial will take?
What did the U. S. Food and Drug Administration cite?
What was Pondimin?
Who was Tommy Fibich one of?
Who was the ``fen'' part of the drug combination?
What did Debbie Stone Lovett also allege?
What has American Home reported in a filing with the U. S. Securities and Exchange Commission are pending?
What has the company in the past contended?
What marketed Pondimin?
Where did another Texas woman take American Home Products to court last month?
What cited evidence it may have irreversibly scarred users ' heart valves?
What did Fibich say she spent her final days hooked to a catheter delivering directly to her lungs to keep blood vessels flowing?
What did the defense have yet to begin presenting?
What is believed to be the first relating to the death of a fen-phen user to reach trial?
Who also alleged fenfluramine caused heart valve damage?
Who was Sandra Moore of Johnson County?
Who is N. J. -based American Home Products?
What did Fibich say Mary Marisa Smith spent her final days hooked to a catheter delivering directly to her lungs to keep blood vessels flowing?
What did the U. S. Food and Drug Administration pull fenfluramine from?
Who did Fibich say spent her final days hooked to a catheter delivering drugs directly to her lungs to keep blood vessels flowing?
Who was a 34-year-old mother of two who died while trying to lose weight?
What settled another Texas case halfway into a trial earlier this year?
Who was Tommy Fibich?
Who said, ``We 're not interested in talking settlement''?
What did the plaintiff claim that fenfluramine caused?
What was the trial delayed because lawyers said?
When did an attorney say?
Who was one of two lawyers for the family of Mary Marisa Smith?
How many lawsuits over the health effects of fen-phen has American Home reported in a filing with the U. S. Securities and Exchange Commission are pending?
Who took American Home Products to court last month in Canton?
What has American Home reported in more than 2,600 lawsuits over the health effects of fen-phen are pending?
How many weeks did Fibich estimate the trial will take?
What did Fibich say Mary Marisa Smith spent her final days hooked to a catheter delivering drugs directly to her lungs to keep flowing?
How many estimated people have used the diet drug combination?
What is still on the market?
Who said Tuesday?
What has contended that evidence linking the drug to the disease is inconclusive?
What did another Texas woman take American Home Products to court last month in?
What have used the diet drug combination?
Who was the plaintiff?
What was fen-phen?
What cited evidence fenfluramine may have irreversibly scarred users ' heart valves?
Who has reported in a filing with the U. S. Securities and Exchange Commission more than 2,600 lawsuits over the health effects of fen-phen are pending?
Who did the company market?
What was the other half of fen-phen never associated with when taken alone?
Who said Ms. Smith died of infection in late 1997 while waiting for a heart-lung transplant?
Who was the brand name for fenfluramine?
What did Fibich say Ms. Smith died of in late 1997 while waiting for a heart-lung transplant?
What was delayed because lawyers said they could not seat an impartial jury?
What did Fibich estimate?
What is Madison?
Who is the nation's seventh-largest pharmaceutical company?
What did Fibich say of?
What did lawyers say they could not seat?
What did the plaintiff claim?
Who did lawyers say could not seat an impartial jury?
What did Debbie Stone Lovett also allege fenfluramine caused?
When did Fibich say Ms. Smith died of infection while waiting for a heart-lung transplant?
When did Fibich say she spent hooked to a catheter delivering drugs directly to her lungs to keep blood vessels flowing?
Who claimed that fenfluramine caused her heart valve damage?
What did lawyers say could not seat an impartial jury?
Who did Debbie Stone Lovett also allege caused heart valve damage?
What was Mary Marisa Smith a 34-year-old mother of who died while trying to lose weight?
What did another Texas woman take American Home Products to last month in Canton?
What was the plaintiff Sandra Moore of?
Who said she spent her final days hooked to a catheter delivering drugs directly to her lungs to keep blood vessels flowing?
What did Fibich estimate will take about three weeks?
What was never associated with that damage when taken alone?
What asserts that American Home Products Corp.?
What took place Tuesday?
Who said they could not seat an impartial jury?
What did lawyers say?
When did Fibich say Mary Marisa Smith spent hooked to a catheter delivering drugs directly to her lungs to keep blood vessels flowing?
What was fenfluramine?
What was phentermine?
What did Fibich say Mary Marisa Smith spent her final days hooked to a catheter delivering drugs directly to to keep blood vessels flowing?
What pulled fenfluramine from the market?
What did Fibich say she spent her final days hooked to a catheter delivering drugs directly to her lungs to keep flowing?
What had yet to begin presenting its case?
What did Fibich say she spent her final days hooked to a catheter delivering drugs directly to to keep blood vessels flowing?
What did the U. S. Food and Drug Administration pull from the market?
What is the other half of fen-phen still on?
What have an estimated 6. 6 million people used?
Who said Mary Marisa Smith spent her final days hooked to a catheter delivering drugs directly to her lungs to keep blood vessels flowing?
Who did Fibich say died of infection in late 1997 while waiting for a heart-lung transplant?
What did the newspaper cite it did not identify?
What did the newspaper cite sources?
Who is the drug maker based in?
Who was Mrs. Burks ' lawyer?
What cited sources it did not identify?
What is reported Thursday by the Dallas Morning News?
Who now receives medication intravenously through a chest catheter?
What was Phentermine?
When could an American Home Products spokesman not immediately be reached by The Associated Press for comment?
What was the trial?
What did the newspaper report the settlement was?
Who diagnosed her with primary pulmonary hypertension in April 1998?
What marketed fenfluramine and the settlement's existence to the Morning News's chemical cousin dexfenfluramine until September 1997?
Who was not pulled from the market?
What does Mrs. Burks now live in?
When did Mrs. Burks take fen-phen to July 1997?
Whose lawyer refused to discuss specifics?
Who has DALLAS-- American Home Products Corp. reportedly paid more than $3 million to settle a lawsuit by?
How many lawsuits nationwide related to health problems allegedly caused by Madison's drugs does the drug maker face?
Whose lawyer was C. L. Mike Schmidt of Dallas?
What does the drug maker face?
When did American Home Products market fenfluramine and the settlement's existence to the Morning News's chemical cousin dexfenfluramine?
Who is N. J.?
What did doctors diagnose Mrs. Burks with in April 1998?
What does Mrs. Burks now receive medication intravenously through?
What is the agreement in Ruth Burks ' case at least the 12th settlement by?
Who refused to discuss specifics?
Who could not immediately be reached by The Associated Press Thursday for comment?
What was a potentially fatal lung disease?
Who diagnosed Mrs. Burks with primary pulmonary hypertension in April 1998?
What has reportedly paid more than $3 million to settle a lawsuit by a 70-year-old woman that linked her rare lung disease to the diet-drug combination fen-phen?
What is the agreement reported Thursday by?
What did Mrs. Burks take from April 1996 to July 1997?
Who is based in Madison?
What was Mrs. Burks ' lawyer C. L. Mike Schmidt of?
What did the newspaper report was more than $3 million?
Whose lawyer confirmed the settlement's existence to the Morning News?
When did American Home Products market fenfluramine and its chemical cousin dexfenfluramine?
Who confirmed the settlement's existence to the Morning News?
What did doctors diagnose her with in April 1998?
What is Madison?
What is the agreement in Ruth Burks ' case at least by the pharmaceutical giant involving former users of fen-phen?
Who was C. L. Mike Schmidt of Dallas?
Who did doctors diagnose with primary pulmonary hypertension in April 1998?
What has DALLAS-- American Home Products Corp. reportedly paid to settle a lawsuit by a 70-year-old woman that linked her rare lung disease to the diet-drug combination fen-phen?
What was primary pulmonary hypertension?
How many lawsuits nationwide related to health problems allegedly caused by its drugs does the drug maker face?
What is at least the 12th settlement by the pharmaceutical giant involving former users of fen-phen?
What was the nation's first involving a patient who died after taking the product?
What marketed fenfluramine and its chemical cousin dexfenfluramine until September 1997?
Who now lives in an assisted-living center in Tyler?
What does Mrs. Burks now receive intravenously through a chest catheter?
What did Mrs. Burks ' lawyer refuse to discuss?
What did the newspaper report?
What did Mrs. Burks ' lawyer confirm?
What did American Home Products agree to pay to settle a Harris County lawsuit linking a woman's death to fen-phen?
Who faces more than 3,100 lawsuits nationwide related to health problems allegedly caused by its drugs?
What did American Home Products agree to pay between $6 million and $7 million to settle?
What reported the settlement was more than $3 million?
What did the newspaper cite sources did not identify?
What agreed to pay between $6 million and $7 million to settle a Harris County lawsuit linking a woman's death to fen-phen?
When did Mrs. Burks take fen-phen from April 1996?
Who faces more than 3,100 lawsuits nationwide related to health problems allegedly caused by Madison's drugs?
Who did American Home Products market until September 1997?
What could an American Home Products spokesman not immediately be reached by Thursday for comment?
Who took fen-phen from April 1996 to July 1997?
When did doctors diagnose Mrs. Burks with primary pulmonary hypertension?
Who was the other drug used in the fen-phen combination?
Where does Mrs. Burks now live?
When did doctors diagnose her with primary pulmonary hypertension?
When is the agreement reported by the Dallas Morning News?
What could an American Home Products spokesman not immediately be reached by The Associated Press Thursday for?
What was Phentermine not pulled from?
What are those settlements estimated to total?
Who was dexfenfluramine?
Who said, ``The implications are huge'', ``The implications are huge''?
What did evidence linking the ``fen'' half of the drug duo with sometimes deadly disorders force two versions of fenfluramine off in 1997?
What forced two versions of fenfluramine off the market in 1997?
Who was Nationwide?
What was sold under the brand name Pondimin, or its chemical look-alike sold under the name Redux?
Then if you take the national implications what do. . . you 're looking at?
Who was Lovett?
What made fenfluramine?
What is N. J.?
What are TRENTON seeking to pay for years of medical checkups in case they develop heart or lung problems?
How many versions of fenfluramine did evidence linking the ``fen'' half of the drug duo with sometimes deadly disorders force off the market in 1997?
What did evidence linking the ``fen'' half of the drug duo with sometimes deadly disorders force two versions of off the market in 1997?
What indicate a slightly elevated risk of valve disorders?
What was Canton?
What did Lovett say?
What do studies since the drugs were recalled generally indicate a slightly elevated risk of?
When are TRENTON seeking millions to pay they develop heart or lung problems?
Who stop taking studies since the drugs were recalled generally?
Then if you take the national implications who. . . 'res looking at some serious problems for the company?
Who 'res talking about as much as $1,000 per year per patient?
Who was N. J.?
What was the jury's chemical look-alike?
What are estimated to total only around $10 million?
What is the suit by New Jersey residents seeking payment for medical checkups rather than financial awards?
What was the fenfluramine sold under?
What did evidence linking the ``fen'' half of the drug duo with sometimes deadly disorders force off the market in 1997?
What is still on the market?
What did attorneys for Debbie Stone Lovett say American Home hid evidence that the civil trial's diet drugs caused heart valve damage during?
What is she seeking in the case?
Who do patients stop taking?
What was fen-phen?
What are TRENTON seeking millions to pay for years of medical checkups in case?
What did jury selection begin this week in?
What do studies since the drugs were recalled generally indicate?
What did Nationwide take?
What has Madison, N. J. -based American Home already settled?
When did evidence linking the ``fen'' half of the drug duo with sometimes deadly disorders force two versions of fenfluramine off the market?
What was the other half of fen-phen never associated with when taken alone?
What are TRENTON seeking millions to pay for years of medical checkups in case develop heart or lung problems?
Who said American Home hid evidence that its diet drugs caused heart valve damage during closing arguments of a fen-phen trial in Canton on Wednesday?
What is Debbie Stone Lovett seeking in the case?
Who did company lawyer Anita Hotchkiss say, ``We continue to believe for''?
Who was Hemant Shah?
What does the company insist?
What is TRENTON thousands of?
When did American Home pull both drugs off pharmacy shelves?
What is Debbie Stone Lovett seeking unspecified damages in?
What already has settled several of about 3,100 individual suits?
Who took either fenfluramine?
What does the company insist there's?
What did one economist estimate in?
What is the first class-action case against American Home to come to trial and the only one seeking payment for medical checkups rather than financial awards?
What did Lovett say she developed after taking fenfluramine?
Who said American Home hid evidence that the civil trial's diet drugs caused heart valve damage during closing arguments of a fen-phen trial in Canton on Wednesday?
Who was a 36-year-old manicurist?
Who was about 6 million Americans?
What began this week in a class-action lawsuit against American Home Products?
Who pulled both drugs off pharmacy shelves in September 1997?
What was sold under the brand name Pondimin, or the jury's chemical look-alike sold under the name Redux?
Who said, ``years of medical checkups in case continue to believe that routine echocardiograms are not medically warranted for patients who have taken these drugs''?
Who is seeking unspecified damages in the case?
Who did company lawyer Anita Hotchkiss say, ``years of medical checkups in case continue to believe for''?
Who did Lovett say developed leaky heart valves after taking fenfluramine?
What are TRENTON seeking millions to pay for years of medical checkups in case they develop?
What are seeking millions to pay for years of medical checkups in case they develop heart or lung problems?
What insists there's no scientific proof that patients who stopped taking the drugs about two years ago and have no disease now will be injured in the future?
Who said she developed leaky heart valves after taking fenfluramine?
Who are TRENTON seeking millions to pay for years of medical checkups in case develop heart or lung problems?
What is she seeking unspecified damages in?
What did American Home pull off pharmacy shelves in September 1997?
What do patients stop taking?
Who was a drug industry analyst with HKS & Co. in Warren?
What was Warren?
What was its chemical look-alike?
Who estimated in court documents?
What was never associated with that damage when taken alone?
What do you 're talking about?
What is TRENTON?
What did American Home pull both drugs off in September 1997?
What did attorneys for Debbie Stone Lovett say during closing arguments of a fen-phen trial in Canton on Wednesday?
What was phentermine?
Who did attorneys for Debbie Stone Lovett say hid evidence that its diet drugs caused heart valve damage during closing arguments of a fen-phen trial in Canton on Wednesday?
What did attorneys for Debbie Stone Lovett say American Home hid evidence that its diet drugs caused heart valve damage during?
What was Texas?
What has Madison, N. J. -based American Home already settled several of?
What did attorneys for Debbie Stone Lovett say American Home hid during closing arguments of a fen-phen trial in Canton on Wednesday?
Who said, ``We continue to believe that routine echocardiograms are not medically warranted for patients who have taken these drugs''?
What is thousands of people who took the fen-phen diet drug combination?
What is the other half of fen-phen still on?
Who stop taking them?
When did jury selection begin in a class-action lawsuit against American Home Products?
What were Pondimin and Redux taken off the market in 1997 at after some users developed heart-valve damage?
Who was two prescription diet drugs often taken in combination?
What did American Home shares fall to $42. 12 1\/2 in trading on the New York Stock Exchange?
What have more than 4,000 lawsuits nationwide been filed against the company by because of the pills?
When does AHP contend the majority used them?
What was popularly known as fen-phen?
What took the drugs?
What did the settlement say Thursday it was ?
Who was AHP?
What have more than 4,000 lawsuits nationwide been filed against by people who say they suffer heart and lung problems because of the pills?
What does AHP contend used Pondimin and Redux for less than 30 days?
What has AHP agreed to pay more than 36,000 women to settle?
How many estimated people took the drugs?
What was AHP the parent of?
What did the settlement say?
What have more than 4,000 lawsuits nationwide been filed against the company by people who say they suffer heart and lung problems because of?
What are irregular menstrual bleeding?
What did the settlement say Thursday any wrongdoing was ?
What contends the majority used Pondimin and Redux for less than 30 days?
What does AHP contend the majority used for less than 30 days?
How many lawsuits nationwide have been filed against the company by people who say they suffer heart and lung problems because of the pills?
What are similar suits pending in?
Where are similar suits pending?
What was the parent of Norplant maker Wyeth-Ayerst Laboratories?
How many prescription diet drugs often taken in combination was Pondimin and Redux?
What did Bechtle rule residents in six other states are excluded from because similar suits are pending in those states?
What does the decision allow the federal suit filed last year to proceed to?
What did American Home shares fall $3. 87 1\/2, or 8 percent, to in trading on the New York Stock Exchange?
What was the combination popularly known as?
What are headaches?
What is irregular menstrual bleeding?
What contends the majority used them for less than 30 days?
What were Pondimin and Redux taken off in 1997 at the request of the Food and Drug Administration after some users developed heart-valve damage?
What said Thursday any wrongdoing was ``purely a business decision''?
Who were taken off the market in 1997 at the request of the Food and Drug Administration after some users developed heart-valve damage?
What allows the federal suit filed last year to proceed to trial?
What is nausea and depression?
What said Thursday it was ``purely a business decision''?
What did AHP not admit any wrongdoing in?
What comes just as AHP has agreed to pay more than 36,000 women to settle claims that the implantable contraceptive device Norplant caused headaches?
What fell $3. 87 1\/2, or 8 percent, to $42. 12 1\/2 in trading on the New York Stock Exchange?
What denies any wrongdoing?
What does the Philadelphia class-action seek to have pay for checkups for people who used the drugs for 30 days or more between 1992 and 1997?
How many women has AHP agreed to pay to settle claims that the implantable contraceptive device Norplant caused headaches?
What did an estimated 6 million people take?
When does AHP contend the majority used Pondimin and Redux?
What was Pondimin and Redux?
What are pending in those states?
Who does AHP contend the majority used for less than 30 days?
What did AHP not admit in the settlement?
What did American Home shares fall $3. 87 1\/2, or 8 percent, to $42. 12 1\/2 in?
What nationwide have been filed against the company by people who say they suffer heart and lung problems because of the pills?
Who developed heart-valve damage?
When does AHP contend?
What was fen-phen?
What does the decision allow to proceed to trial?
Who did Bechtle rule are excluded from the Philadelphia-based suit because similar suits are pending in those states?
Who has AHP agreed to pay to settle claims that the implantable contraceptive device Norplant caused headaches?
What has agreed to pay more than 36,000 women to settle claims that the implantable contraceptive device Norplant caused headaches?
What did some users develop?
What does the Philadelphia class-action seek to have AHP pay for for people who used the drugs for 30 days or more between 1992 and 1997?
What did not admit any wrongdoing in the settlement?
What were withdrawn from the market in 1997?
What was a reference to the first syllables of the chemicals used to make the drugs?
What does American Home deny?
When were Pondimin and Redux taken off the market at the request of the Food and Drug Administration after some users developed heart-valve damage?
What seeks to have AHP pay for checkups for people who used the drugs for 30 days or more between 1992 and 1997?
What does AHP contend used them for less than 30 days?
What does the Philadelphia class-action seek to have AHP pay for checkups for?
Who ruled residents in six other states are excluded from the Philadelphia-based suit because similar suits are pending in those states?
What did a jury award her has agreed to settle a lawsuit against the manufacturer for a fraction of the $23. 3 million?
What reported Thursday that the deal could be announced as early as today?
Who would not disclose the amount of the settlement?
When did two newspapers report that the deal could be announced as early as today?
What did the Wall Street Journal say?
How many newspapers reported Thursday that final details were being worked out?
What marketed Pondimin and Redux until September 1997?
What did Ms. Lovett's attorney Kip Petroff say was reached after considering state law that caps monetary awards in civil suits?
What did last month find was fully liable for Ms. Lovett's ailments?
What linked the drugs to potentially fatal heart valve damage?
What would Ms. Lovett's attorney Kip Petroff not disclose?
Whose ailments did last month find for?
What did the Journal say could opt out and pursue cases on their own?
What did a Mayo Clinic study link the drugs to?
When did Debbie Lovett blame American Home and subsidiary Wyeth-Ayerst Laboratories for damage in the Texas case?
Whose attorney Kip Petroff would not disclose the amount of the settlement?
What did last month find the company was fully liable for?
What did the Star-Ledger of Newark say could exceed $5 billion, and would resolve more than 4,100 lawsuits brought by 8,000 people?
What was Ms. Lovett's lawsuit to reach a jury?
What did a jury award her CANTON-- A Texas woman who blamed the diet drug combination fen-phen for her heart damage has agreed to settle?
Who never was associated with health problems?
Who made fenfluramine?
What have been filed across the nation?
When did two newspapers report Thursday?
What was when the U. S. Food and Drug Administration pushed for their withdrawal after a Mayo Clinic study linked the drugs to potentially fatal heart valve damage?
What did the Journal report about?
What did american Home officials refuse to comment on?
What did the Star-Ledger report that the company's offer includes?
What denied knowing about any such inquiry?
What has languished in recent months largely due to uncertainty about how much it will have to pay to resolve the diet drug lawsuits?
When did American Home Products market Pondimin and Redux?
What did the Star-Ledger report?
What did Debbie Lovett blame American Home and subsidiary Wyeth-Ayerst Laboratories for damage she suffered after taking fen-phen for more than three months starting in October 1995 in?
Who became widely used in the 1990s when doctors prescribed that in combination with another drug?
Whose attorney Kip Petroff said the deal was reached after considering state law that caps monetary awards in civil suits?
Who reported that the company's offer includes payments to patients harmed by the diet drugs?
What was the first to reach a jury?
What did the company deny knowing about?
Who refused to comment on the possibility of a wide-ranging settlement?
What does that remain on?
When found the company was fully liable for Ms. Lovett's ailments?
Who said those who feel the agreement is inadequate could opt out and pursue cases on their own?
What have thousands of fen-phen cases been filed across?
Who was taken alone?
What also made Pondimin's chemical cousin Redux?
What did Debbie Lovett blame for damage she suffered after taking fen-phen for more than three months starting in October 1995 in the Texas case?
What did a Mayo Clinic study link to potentially fatal heart valve damage?
Who became widely used in the 1990s when doctors prescribed it in combination with another drug?
What would the newspaper need?
Whose lawsuit was the first to reach a jury?
Who was 36?
Who was of Grand Saline?
Who said the deal was reached after considering state law that caps monetary awards in civil suits?
What said the settlement would be about $3 billion?
When did two newspapers report Thursday that the deal could be announced as early?
How many newspapers reported Thursday that the deal could be announced as early as today?
Whose approval would it need?
What revealed all it knew about dangers of Redux prior to its approval by the government in 1996?
What would it need?
What said?
What did the Journal say on?
When did two newspapers report that final details were being worked out?
What did the Wall Street Journal say the settlement would be?
When had Fenfluramine been sold?
What was the drug?
Who gave the drug a brand name of Pondimin?
What is confidential?
What has American Home's stock languished in recent months largely due to?
When did Fenfluramine become widely used when doctors prescribed it in combination with another drug?
What did news of the settlement Thursday also make?
What remains on the market?
What did the Wall Street Journal say would be about $3 billion?
What did American Home make?
What did it also make?
Whose ailments did last month find the company was fully liable for?
What was Debbie Lovett of?
Who was the ``fen'' in the fen-phen combination?
What did Ms. Lovett's attorney Kip Petroff say?
What reported Thursday that final details were being worked out?
What did the Journal report that the FBI is probing about?
What would Ms. Lovett's attorney Kip Petroff not disclose the amount of?
What was fenfluramine?
What cited anonymous sources?
What was phentermine?
What does it remain on?
Who did American Home Products market until September 1997?
Whose approval would the newspaper need?
What did last month find for?
What was Texas?
What did news of the settlement Thursday come on the same day as?
What reported that the FBI is probing whether the American Home revealed all it knew about dangers of Redux prior to its approval by the government in 1996?
Who went a bit further in discussing the deal?
Who had been sold since the 1970s?
Whose stock has languished in recent months largely due to uncertainty about how much it will have to pay to resolve the diet drug lawsuits?
Who blamed American Home and subsidiary Wyeth-Ayerst Laboratories for damage she suffered after taking fen-phen for more than three months starting in October 1995 in the Texas case?
When did Fenfluramine become widely used when doctors prescribed that in combination with another drug?
What did two newspapers report Thursday?
When has American Home's stock languished largely due to uncertainty about how much it will have to pay to resolve the diet drug lawsuits?
What did the Star-Ledger of Newark say?
What was phentermine never associated with?
What said the settlement could exceed $5 billion, and would resolve more than 4,100 lawsuits brought by 8,000 people?
What was CANTON?
What would need a federal judge's approval?
What was Debbie Lovett?
What did both reports cite?
What said she would hear the case without a jury starting Oct.?
What did American Home Products sell the ``fen'' half of the combination under?
What was NEW BRUNSWICK?
What did the combination become known as?
What made Pondimin's chemical cousin Redux?
What became known as fen-phen?
What do the want American Home Products to cover develop down the road?
What did a judge raise expections of?
What was American Home Products?
What did Sheller say?
Who are doctors?
What denies hiding information?
Who never was associated with health problems?
What does the fen-phen diet drug combination remain on?
What did Superior Court Judge Marina Corodemus say she would hear without a jury starting Oct.?
What does the case pit against about 94,000 New Jersey residents who used the diet pill combination in users?
What says it acted properly in marketing the drugs?
What sold the ``fen'' half of the combination under the brand name Pondimin?
What do the want American Home Products to cover the cost of future medical checkups in case problems develop down?
What did the plaintiffs not develop?
What pits the Madison-based company against about 94,000 New Jersey residents who used the diet pill combination in users?
What did Superior Court Judge Marina Corodemus say she would hear the case without?
When did Fenfluramine become widely used when doctors prescribed the for weight loss in combination with another drug?
What did American Home Products sell the ``fen'' half of under the brand name Pondimin?
What are doctors patients and regulators about?
When did Fenfluramine become widely used when doctors prescribed it for weight loss in combination with another drug?
Who did a judge raise?
What was taken off the market two years ago after being linked to serious heart and lung damage?
Who said?
What want American Home Products to cover the cost of future medical checkups in case problems develop down the road?
Who became widely used in the 1990s when doctors prescribed the for weight loss in combination with another drug?
Who did not develop heart or lung damage?
What have more than 4,100 lawsuits been filed in against American Home Products over fenfluramine?
Who did Sheller say thought the case would be settled?
What was N. J.?
When had Fenfluramine been sold?
Who claim the company hid information from doctors called primary pulmonary hypertension?
Who does the case pit the Madison-based company against?
What was the drug?
What do plaintiffs ' attorneys claim?
Who have more than 4,100 lawsuits been filed in state and federal courts against American Home Products over?
What remains on the market?
How many lawsuits have been filed in state and federal courts against American Home Products over fenfluramine?
What do the want American Home Products to cover the cost of develop down the road?
What have more than 4,100 lawsuits been filed in state and federal courts against over fenfluramine?
What does the company deny hiding?
Who raised expections of a possible out-of-court settlement?
What had been hearing testimony intermittently since Aug. 11?
Who became widely used in the 1990s when doctors prescribed it for weight loss in combination with another drug?
What was the drug company?
Who did Superior Court Judge Marina Corodemus say would hear the case without a jury starting Oct.?
What do the want to cover the cost of future medical checkups in case problems develop down the road?
What does the company say?
What was phentermine?
What does it remain on?
Who said he thought the case would be settled?
What did Superior Court Judge Marina Corodemus say without?
What was the diet pill combination taken off two years ago after being linked to serious heart and lung damage?
What did American Home Products sell under the brand name Pondimin?
Who had been sold since the 1970s?
What have been filed in state and federal courts against American Home Products over fenfluramine?
What was phentermine never associated with?
Who declined to comment?
Who are patients and regulators about possible links to heart valve disease and an often fatal lung condition?
What did Sheller say he thought?
What did Sheller say he thought would be settled?
What does the company say acted properly in marketing the drugs?
What did Louis L. Hoynes reiterate the company's position for?
What did it also note that fen-phen's label included a warning that the drug could cause?
What will include money to pay patients who say they were injured by the drugs and for future medical monitoring for those who are still healthy?
When was a civil trial suspended as the settlement appeared near?
What did Louis L. Hoynes reiterate the company's position that the drugs were safe for?
What did the company say it settled?
What are payments to be made during the next two years anticipated to total?
What also made Redux?
Who made fenfluramine?
What did American Home say the maximum amount available to any individual in the settlement is?
What will begin later this year?
What was suspended earlier this week as the settlement appeared near?
What has been established to provide information on the settlement?
What are anticipated to total $1. 85 billion?
What said it decided to deal with these cases separately because they are few in number?
What did the company say with?
What filed suit?
What did Louis L. Hoynes reiterate that the drugs were safe for most people?
What is a rare but serious lung disorder?
What will the settlement include money to pay patients who say they were injured by the drugs and for future medical monitoring for?
What has the company also agreed to pay $25 million for?
What did the company also note that fen-phen's label included a warning that the drug could cause?
What has also agreed to pay $25 million for heart disease research?
What did the company say?
What appeared near?
What did the company say it decided to deal with separately because they are few in number?
What earned $2. 5 billion in profits?
How many people took the drug combination?
What did the U. S. Food and Drug Administration push for after a Mayo Clinic study linked fen-phen to potentially fatal heart valve damage in September 1997?
When did American Home take in about $13 billion in revenue?
What have been filed against American Home?
What did the company also note?
What did American Home take in in revenue last year?
How many suits have been filed against American Home?
Who filed suit?
What also noted that fen-phen's label included a warning that the drug could cause the disorder?
What rose $3. 12 1\/2, or 7 percent?
What did American Home take in about $13 billion in last year?
What was Grand Saline?
What does the settlement cover except for patients who say they suffer from primary pulmonary hypertension?
What did the company say the settlement would cause to record expenses of about $3. 29 billion?
Who does the settlement allow to pursue lawsuits on their own?
What said it settled the case for less than 10 percent of that amount?
What is primary pulmonary hypertension?
What are injuries?
What does the settlement allow users to pursue lawsuits on?
What did the company say decided to deal with these cases separately because they are few in number?
Who reiterated the company's position that the drugs were safe for most people?
What depended on the seriousness of their health problems?
When did the U. S. Food and Drug Administration push for their withdrawal after a Mayo Clinic study linked fen-phen to potentially fatal heart valve damage?
What had been under way in New Jersey over whether the company should be liable for the cost of medical monitoring?
If American Home believes too many refuse to participate what can terminate the deal?
Who did a brand name of Pondimin also make?
What are the largest product liability cases ever few in?
What are $1 billion?
What did about $1. 5 million depend on?
What call for payments to continue for about 16 years?
What will include money to pay patients who say American Home Products were injured by the drugs and for future medical monitoring for those who are still healthy?
What did American Home earn in profits?
What was fenfluramine?
Who did it also make?
What did a Mayo Clinic study link?
What did shares of American Home rise?
Who was Louis L. Hoynes?
What did American Home say the settlement is open to?
What make news of the settlement one of the largest product liability cases ever?
What took in about $13 billion in revenue last year?
Who was Texas?
What took the drug combination?
What is optional?
What was Debbie Lovett?
What did American Home say?
What will the settlement include to pay patients who say they were injured by the drugs and for future medical monitoring for those who are still healthy?
Who said the maximum amount available to any individual in the settlement is about $1. 5 million?
What did the company say would cause it to record expenses of about $3. 29 billion?
What did it also note that fen-phen's label included that the drug could cause the disorder?
What has the company also agreed to pay for heart disease research?
When will initial payments begin?
What are few in number?
What did it also note?
What make it one of the largest product liability cases ever?
What depended on the seriousness of people's health problems?
Who was a chemical cousin?
What did American Home say is open to anyone who used fen-phen and Redux in the United States?
What did the company announce today NEW YORK-- American Home Products has agreed to pay $3. 75 billion to settle thousands of?
How many suits make news of the settlement one of the largest product liability cases ever?
What did they file?
What linked fen-phen to potentially fatal heart valve damage?
What did American Home say is about $1. 5 million?
What did fen-phen and Redux file?
What do the settlement terms call for?
What did Louis L. Hoynes say, ``The scientific studies conducted to date and clinical experience indicate''?
What did the company also note that fen-phen's label included a warning?
What did it also note that fen-phen's label included a warning?
What have about 4,100 suits been filed against?
What said the settlement would cause it to record expenses of about $3. 29 billion?
What did the company say the settlement would cause it to record expenses of?
What did about six million people take?
Who was 36?
Who was senior vice president and general counsel?
What pushed for their withdrawal after a Mayo Clinic study linked fen-phen to potentially fatal heart valve damage in September 1997?
Who will the settlement include money to pay for those who are still healthy?
What will the settlement include money to pay patients who say American Home Products were injured by the drugs and for future medical monitoring for?
What did he say, ``The scientific studies conducted to date and clinical experience indicate''?
What did the company also note that fen-phen's label included that the drug could cause the disorder?
If American Home believes what can it terminate the deal?
What will the settlement include to pay patients who say American Home Products were injured by the drugs and for future medical monitoring for those who are still healthy?
If American Home believes too many refuse to participate what can it terminate?
What allows users to pursue lawsuits on their own?
What did American Home earn $2. 5 billion in?
Who gave the drug a brand name of Pondimin?
What covers all claims except for patients who say they suffer from primary pulmonary hypertension?
What did American Home make?
Who was Redux?
What does the settlement allow users to pursue on their own?
Who said the settlement is open to anyone who used fen-phen and Redux in the United States?
How many suits make it one of the largest product liability cases ever?
Who was the ``fen'' in the fen-phen combination?
What did the company say settled the case for less than 10 percent of that amount?
Who are few in number?
What are they few in?
What did the company say the settlement would cause it to record?
What did the company announce today NEW YORK-- American Home Products has agreed to pay $3. 75 billion to settle?
What had a civil trial been under over whether the company should be liable for the cost of medical monitoring?
Who said his firm?
Who said a trial date would be set for some time in 2001?
What did American Home withdraw Pondimin and Redux from in 1997 after a Mayo Clinic study linked fen-phen to potentially fatal heart valve damage?
Who would the deal pay anywhere from a few hundred dollars to $1. 5 million?
What did the diet drug sell the drug under along with a chemical relative called Redux?
How many people took the mix of fenfluramine and phentermine after it came out in the mid-1990s?
What did Colom say?
Who is pharmaceutical companies?
What did about 6 million people take after it came out in the mid-1990s?
What are among the 12 defendants named in the new lawsuit?
What are attorneys again turning to a Mississippi court with claims of health damage caused by the diet drug On?
What remain?
What did Colom say Friday, ``I believe''?
What did American Home make called fenfluramine?
Who did American Home make a diet drug called?
What took the mix of fenfluramine and phentermine after it came out in the mid-1990s?
Who plan additional diet drug suits in Mississippi?
What would the deal pay claimants anywhere from a few hundred dollars to?
What was the latest legal action filed with on behalf of six women?
What would the deal pay claimants anywhere from to $1. 5 million?
What did American Home make?
When did it come out?
What did the diet drug sell under the brand name Pondimin along with a chemical relative called Redux?
Who withdrew Pondimin and Redux from the market in 1997 after a Mayo Clinic study linked fen-phen to potentially fatal heart valve damage?
What would pay claimants anywhere from a few hundred dollars to $1. 5 million?
Who made a diet drug called fenfluramine?
What linked fen-phen to potentially fatal heart valve damage?
When did the mix of fenfluramine and phentermine come out?
When did Colom say, ``I believe we can produce a multibillion verdict in Noxebee County''?
When did American Home withdraw Pondimin and Redux from the market after a Mayo Clinic study linked fen-phen to potentially fatal heart valve damage?
What do partners in an Alabama law firm plan?
What did about 6 million people take the mix of after it came out in the mid-1990s?
What did it sell under the brand name Pondimin along with a chemical relative called Redux?
Who was the ``fen'' in fen-phen?
What are attorneys again turning to a Mississippi court with On the heels a successful damage suit trial in Fayette against fen-phen maker American Home Products?
What was fenfluramine?
What did it sell the drug under along with a chemical relative called Redux?
When did Colom say would be set for some time in 2001?
What was filed with Noxubee County Circuit Court on behalf of six women?
What sold the drug under the brand name Pondimin along with a chemical relative called Redux?
Who said Friday, ``I believe we can produce a multibillion verdict in Noxebee County''?
What came out in the mid-1990s?
When did Colom say?
Who agreed earlier this year to pay up to $4. 83 billion in a settlement that could cover all 6 million users?
What is American Home?
What did a Mayo Clinic study link?
What did American Home agree earlier this year to pay up to $4. 83 billion in?
Who are American Home Wyeth-Ayerst and SmithKline Beecham and Savon Drug Stores among?
When did Colom say a trial date would be set?
When did American Home agree to pay up to $4. 83 billion in a settlement that could cover all 6 million users?
What did American Home agree earlier this year to pay up to in a settlement that could cover all 6 million users?
What was the latest legal action filed with Noxubee County Circuit Court on?
Who did American Home withdraw from the market in 1997 after a Mayo Clinic study linked fen-phen to potentially fatal heart valve damage?
What did Glenn L. Cooper say ``As a result of AHP's fraudulent activities, Interneuron suffered''?
Who did American Home deny any wrongdoing with respect to its contractual obligations with?
What announced that it had received reports of 24 cases in which patients using fen-phen had been diagnosed with cardiac valve disease in July 1997?
Who said the information was vital to help it assess the safety of Redux?
What did attorneys say of?
Who said many clients will opt-out of the agreement so they can sue on their own?
When did Interneuron say it has tried to negotiate a settlement with American Home to indemnify Interneuron from lawsuits related to the diet drugs?
What did Interneuron say it has tried for two years to negotiate to indemnify Interneuron from lawsuits related to the diet drugs?
What is Warner-Lambert now in?
When did American Home agree to pay $3. 75 billion to settle thousands of lawsuits filed nationwide by people claiming health problems due to fen-phen?
What did a spokesman say to?
What had the Mayo Clinic collected from patients who had developed heart valve damage after taking the drugs?
What did a spokesman say American Home also disclosed all safety data on its anti-obesity drugs to?
What did American Home agree to pay to settle thousands of lawsuits filed nationwide by people claiming health problems due to fen-phen in October 1999?
What did shares of American Home fall to $43 on the New York Stock Exchange?
What is Lexington, Mass. -based Interneuron seeking in the suit filed in the Superior Court of Massachusetts?
What is Lexington, Mass. -based Interneuron seeking unspecified damages against American Home in?
What did the Mayo Clinic announce that it had received reports of in which patients using fen-phen had been diagnosed with cardiac valve disease in July 1997?
What had collected information from patients who had developed heart valve damage after taking the drugs?
What did the lawsuit say American Home withheld on the Mayo study because it feared the results would have on the diet drugs ' sales?
What did it say prevented Interneuron from taking action, including possibly moving to take Redux off the market earlier?
What is now in talks to merge with Pfizer Inc.?
Who does Interneuron accuse of deliberately concealing information regarding possible health risks associated with the use of fen-phen in the complaint?
Who said it lost the opportunity to disclose the safety problems to its shareholders, the financial markets and regulatory agencies?
Who can sue on their own?
What did American Home deny with respect to its contractual obligations with Interneuron?
Who said American Home first learned of health dangers of fen-phen as early as February 1997?
What did Interneuron say American Home first learned of as early as February 1997?
What is Interneuron now facing?
What can they sue on?
Who denied any wrongdoing with respect to its contractual obligations with Interneuron?
Who did a spokesman say also disclosed all safety data on its anti-obesity drugs to the FDA?
Who was made?
What said American Home withheld the data on the Mayo study because it feared the results would have on the diet drugs ' sales?
What did shares of American Home fall $5 to $43 on?
Who said it has tried for two years to negotiate a settlement with American Home to indemnify Interneuron from lawsuits related to the diet drugs?
What did the lawsuit say American Home withheld the data on because it feared the results would have on the diet drugs ' sales?
What did the Mayo Clinic announce with in July 1997?
What did shares of Interneuron fall 50 cents to $3 on?
What did American Home agree to pay $3. 75 billion to settle in October 1999?
What said?
What were Pondimin and Redux taken off in September 1997?
When was NEW YORK-- American Home Products sued by its marketing partner Interneuron Pharmaceuticals for allegedly concealing the health risks of the pills?
Who said ``As a result of AHP's fraudulent activities, Interneuron suffered serious financial loss''?
When did the companies remove Pondimin and Redux from the market?
What did the Mayo study fear on?
What did shares of Interneuron fall to $3 on the Nasdaq Stock Market?
When did Interneuron say?
Who did Interneuron say first learned of health dangers of fen-phen as early as February 1997?
What did NEW YORK-- American Home Products already face thousands of?
Who did attorneys say will opt-out of the agreement so they can sue on their own?
When did the Mayo Clinic announce that it had received reports of 24 cases in which patients using fen-phen had been diagnosed with cardiac valve disease?
Who did the lawsuit say withheld the data on the Mayo study because it feared the results would have on the diet drugs ' sales?
Who did Interneuron say to?
What did Interneuron say was vital to help it assess the safety of Redux?
What did NEW YORK-- American Home Products already face?
What did American Home deny any wrongdoing with with Interneuron?
What did Interneuron say lost the opportunity to disclose the safety problems to its shareholders, the financial markets and regulatory agencies?
What are American Home's legal problems?
What did Interneuron say American Home waited until July 1997 to reveal?
What did Glenn L. Cooper say ``As, Interneuron suffered serious financial loss''?
What can sue on their own?
What feared the results would have on the diet drugs ' sales?
Who agreed to pay $3. 75 billion to settle thousands of lawsuits filed nationwide by people claiming health problems due to fen-phen in October 1999?
Who was Redux developed by?
What fell 50 cents to $3 on the Nasdaq Stock Market?
What does Interneuron accuse American Home of deliberately concealing information regarding possible health risks associated with the use of fen-phen in?
What did the Mayo Clinic announce that it had received in which patients using fen-phen had been diagnosed with cardiac valve disease in July 1997?
Who is seeking unspecified damages against American Home in the suit filed in the Superior Court of Massachusetts?
Who said American Home also disclosed all safety data on any wrongdoing's anti-obesity drugs to the FDA?
What was hurt when the drugs were banned?
Whose legal problems are one reason the company is having trouble completing its proposed merger with Warner-Lambert?
When were Pondimin and Redux taken off the market?
What can many clients sue on?
Who is now facing more than 2,000 lawsuits related to Redux?
Who was Redux marketed by?
What did Interneuron say Warner-Lambert has tried for two years to negotiate to indemnify Interneuron from lawsuits related to the diet drugs?
What did it fear on?
What did a spokesman say American Home also disclosed all safety data on any wrongdoing's anti-obesity drugs to?
What was NEW YORK-- American Home Products sued on Monday by for allegedly concealing the health risks of the pills?
Who did Interneuron say waited until July 1997 to reveal the information?
Who did Glenn L. Cooper say ``As a result of AHP's fraudulent activities, suffered serious financial loss''?
When did Interneuron say American Home waited to reveal the information?
What did Interneuron say of?
Who was Glenn L. Cooper?
Who said American Home waited until July 1997 to reveal the information?
What was sued on Monday by its marketing partner Interneuron Pharmaceuticals for allegedly concealing the health risks of the pills?
Who did Interneuron say American Home's failure to disclose the safety risks from February 1997 through June 1997 lost the opportunity to disclose the safety problems to?
What did American Home agree to pay $3. 75 billion to settle thousands of in October 1999?
When did Interneuron say American Home first learned of health dangers of fen-phen as early?
Who did a spokesman say also disclosed all safety data on any wrongdoing's anti-obesity drugs to the FDA?
How many lawsuits related to Redux is Interneuron now facing?
Who said American Home also disclosed all safety data on its anti-obesity drugs to the FDA?
What is fen-phen a combination of Pondimin and phentermine?
Who was marketed by American Home?
What is fen-phen?
What did it fear would have on the diet drugs ' sales?
Who had the Mayo Clinic collected information from?
Who was president and chief executive officer of Interneuron?
Who accuses American Home of deliberately concealing information regarding possible health risks associated with the use of fen-phen in the complaint?
What did Interneuron say it has tried for two years to negotiate a settlement with American Home to indemnify Interneuron from?
Who was marketed by AHP?
What was Redux marketed by?
Who was a chemical cousin of Pondimin?
Who was Glenn L. Cooper president and chief executive officer of?
Who did the companies remove from the market in September 1997?
Who was Pondimin marketed by?
Who did Interneuron say Warner-Lambert has tried for two years to negotiate a settlement with American Home to indemnify from lawsuits related to the diet drugs?
What did Glenn L. Cooper say ``As''?
What is a combination of the anti-obesity drugs Pondimin and phentermine?
What has not been finalized?
What did Interneuron say?
When did Interneuron say Warner-Lambert has tried to negotiate a settlement with American Home to indemnify Interneuron from lawsuits related to the diet drugs?
What did Interneuron say has tried for two years to negotiate a settlement with American Home to indemnify Interneuron from lawsuits related to the diet drugs?
What did the lawsuit say American Home withheld the data on the Mayo study because it feared on?
What fell $5 to $43 on the New York Stock Exchange?
What did shares of Interneuron fall 50 cents to on the Nasdaq Stock Market?
What are one reason the company is having trouble completing its proposed merger with Warner-Lambert?
Who was Redux?
What did it fear the results would have on?
What did Interneuron say Warner-Lambert has tried for two years to negotiate a settlement with American Home to indemnify Interneuron from?
Who was developed by Interneuron?
What did shares of American Home fall $5 to on the New York Stock Exchange?
What did the Mayo study fear would have on the diet drugs ' sales?
What did attorneys say many clients will opt-out of so they can sue on their own?
What already faced thousands of lawsuits related to its once popular diet drugs?
What did a spokesman say American Home also disclosed to the FDA?
Who did Interneuron say it has tried for two years to negotiate a settlement with American Home to indemnify from lawsuits related to the diet drugs?
What did Interneuron say it lost to its shareholders, the financial markets and regulatory agencies?
Whose failure to disclose the safety risks from February 1997 through June 1997 did Interneuron say to?
Who said Warner-Lambert has tried for two years to negotiate a settlement with American Home to indemnify Interneuron from lawsuits related to the diet drugs?
Who did Interneuron say it lost the opportunity to disclose the safety problems to?
What did the Mayo study fear the results would have on?
What did the companies remove Pondimin and Redux from in September 1997?
What removed Pondimin and Redux from the market in September 1997?
Who was Redux a chemical cousin of?
Who were taken off the market in September 1997?
Who did Interneuron say has tried for two years to negotiate a settlement with American Home to indemnify Interneuron from lawsuits related to the diet drugs?
How many cents did shares of Interneuron fall to $3 on the Nasdaq Stock Market?
Who was Mary J. Linnen's doctor?
When did Mary Linnen die?
Who was Abby Landzberg?
What did Zisson say had been given no reason to believe it jeopardized that reserve?
Who was the Linnens ' wrongful death case's lawyer?
What did a statement by the company not address?
Who said the settlement did not cover Linnen?
What at this point just wants all the fen-phen litigation to go away?
How many weeks did relatives of 35-year-old Mary Marisa Smith agree to settle for an undisclosed amount of money into trial in Houston?
What did the Madison, N. J. -based company say will be used to fund a medical research foundation established by the Linnen family?
Who was Alex MacDonald?
What did the Linnens claim their daughter was not notified of?
What went to trial?
Who said, ``They have not given out a dollar figure''?
When did relatives of 35-year-old Mary Marisa Smith agree to settle for an undisclosed amount of money into trial in Houston?
Who claimed fen-phen killed her?
Who did the Linnens claim was not notified of the risk?
What did relatives of 35-year-old Mary Marisa Smith agree to settle for an undisclosed amount of money three weeks into in Houston?
What did Zisson say even at the time fen-phen was being marketed, primary pulmonary hypertension was?
Whose lawsuit against phentermine-maker Fisons Corp. of Collegeville was dropped earlier this month after a judge ruled a medical witness ' conclusions were too speculative?
What did not address the issue of whether or not American Home Products admitted any wrongdoing?
What did Zisson say?
Whose wrongful death case did the Linnens ' wrongful death case's lawyer say was the first filed against American Home Products in connection with the fen-phen drugs?
What also covered her doctor of Newton?
Who was their lawyer?
What was the first wrongful death lawsuit filed in connection with fen-phen?
Where did relatives of 35-year-old Mary Marisa Smith agree to settle for an undisclosed amount of money three weeks into trial?
What did their lawyer say was the first filed against American Home Products in connection with the fen-phen drugs?
What did relatives of 35-year-old Mary Marisa Smith agree to settle for an undisclosed amount of money three weeks into trial in?
Who said, ``terms of the deal with relatives of Mary J. Linnen have not given out a dollar figure''?
Who ruled a medical witness ' conclusions were too speculative?
What did American Home Products ' Wyeth-Ayerst Laboratories division market?''
What does Wall Street at this point just want to go away?
Who claimed their daughter was not notified of the risk?
What did Zisson say even at the time fen-phen was being marketed, was a recognized side effect?
What did relatives of 35-year-old Mary Marisa Smith agree to settle for three weeks into trial in Houston?
Who said Wall Street had been given no reason to believe it jeopardized that reserve?
Whose doctor was Abby Landzberg?
What did the Linnens ' wrongful death case's lawyer say the Linnens ' wrongful death case was the first filed against American Home Products in?
Whose wrongful death case was not the first settled?
Even if American Home has to pay a little more than the cases deserve, what would Wall Street say?
When was the Linnens ' lawsuit against phentermine-maker Fisons Corp. of Collegeville dropped after a judge ruled a medical witness ' conclusions were too speculative?
When did the family claim Mary Linnen developed PPH after taking fen-phen for 11 days?
What did not address the issue of whether Wyeth spokesman Doug Petkus refused to comment on the issue?
What said much of the settlement will be used to fund a medical research foundation established by the Linnen family?
Who did the settlement also cover?
Who said it did not cover Linnen?
Who did the family claim developed PPH after taking fen-phen for 11 days in 1996?
What was the Linnens ' case?
Whose conclusions did a judge rule were too speculative?
What did the Linnens and American Home Products settle after it went to trial?
What did the company dispute at that its drug could be conclusively linked to Mary J. Linnen's condition?
What did the company dispute at trial to?
Who did the settlement only apply to?
Who was Alex Zisson?
What was dropped earlier this month after a judge ruled a medical witness ' conclusions were too speculative?
What only applied to patients with possible heart valve problems?
What did a judge rule?
What did their lawyer say the Linnens ' wrongful death case was the first filed against American Home Products in?
Who agreed to settle for an undisclosed amount of money three weeks into trial in Houston?
Who did the settlement also cover her doctor of?
Who suffered primary pulmonary hypertension?
What was not the first settled?
What did 35-year-old Mary Marisa Smith claim?
Who did the settlement also cover Mary J. Linnen's doctor of?
Who said, ``at this point terms of the deal with relatives of Mary J. Linnen 've said the charge will be adequate''?
Whose conclusions did a judge rule?
Who died in February 1997?
What did the company dispute at trial that its drug could be conclusively linked to?
What agreed to pay $3. 75 billion to settle thousands of lawsuits filed nationwide by people claiming health problems due to fen-phen in October?
What did Zisson say, ``at this point they 've said''?
What did Linnen suffer?
What disputed at trial that its drug could be conclusively linked to her condition?
When did American Home Products agree to pay $3. 75 billion to settle thousands of lawsuits filed nationwide by people claiming health problems due to fen-phen?
Even if American Home has to pay a little more than the cases deserve, what would say that's a good deal?
What did Zisson say Wall Street had been given?
Even if American Home has to pay a little more than the cases deserve, what would Wall Street say that's?
Who said even at the time fen-phen was being marketed, primary pulmonary hypertension was a recognized side effect?
What was Collegeville?
What also covered Mary J. Linnen's doctor of Newton?
When did Zisson say, primary pulmonary hypertension was a recognized side effect?
Whose condition did the company dispute at trial to?
What did almost six million Americans take the diet drug combination until the Linnens ' wrongful death case was banned by the Food and Drug Administration in 1997 after?
What did the Linnens claim of?
What has the company set aside approximately another $1 billion to deal with?
What were combined with phentermine to make ``fen-phen''?
Who did 35-year-old Mary Marisa Smith claim fen-phen killed?
What has the company set aside to deal with other claims that might arise?
What disputed at trial that its drug could be conclusively linked to Mary J. Linnen's condition?
What marketed the ``fen'' drugs fenfluramine and dexfenfluramine?''
What did a lawsuit go to?
What did- American Home Products settle a lawsuit with?
Whose condition did the company dispute at trial that its drug could be conclusively linked to?
What did it go to?
Who said the Linnens ' wrongful death case was the first filed against American Home Products in connection with the fen-phen drugs?
What did almost six million Americans take the diet drug combination until it was banned by the Food and Drug Administration in 1997 after?
What were the ``fen'' drugs fenfluramine and dexfenfluramine combined with to make ``fen-phen''?
What did the Linnens ' wrongful death case's lawyer say the Linnens ' wrongful death case was filed against American Home Products in connection with the fen-phen drugs?
What did Alex Zisson say did not cover Linnen?
Who did Alex Zisson say it did not cover?
What was the Linnens ' lawsuit against phentermine-maker Fisons Corp. of Collegeville dropped earlier this month after a judge ruled?
Who settled the lawsuit after it went to trial?
What were not known?
What were not released?
What did American Home Products agree to pay $3. 75 billion to settle thousands of in October?
What has set aside approximately another $1 billion to deal with other claims that might arise?
What did the Madison, N. J. -based company say?
What did the company dispute at that its drug could be conclusively linked to her condition?
Who did 35-year-old Mary Marisa Smith claim killed her?
Who claimed fen-phen killed Mary J. Linnen?
Who was an industry analyst with Hambrecht & Quist?
When did the family claim?
Whose case was the first wrongful death lawsuit filed in connection with fen-phen?
What did Zisson say Wall Street had been given no reason to believe?
Who did 35-year-old Mary Marisa Smith claim killed Mary J. Linnen?
What did a judge rule were too speculative?
Who was her doctor?
Who was Pa.?
Who did Alex Zisson say the settlement did not cover?
What did the Linnens ' wrongful death case's lawyer say was the first filed against American Home Products in connection with the fen-phen drugs?
What did Zisson say, ``at this point terms of the deal with relatives of Mary J. Linnen 've said''?
What claimed Mary Linnen developed PPH after taking fen-phen for 11 days in 1996?
What did American Home Products agree to pay $3. 75 billion to settle in October?
Whose wrongful death case did their lawyer say was the first filed against American Home Products in connection with the fen-phen drugs?
What did the family claim Mary Linnen developed after taking fen-phen for 11 days in 1996?
What did almost six million Americans take in 1997 after reports that some users developed serious, and sometimes fatal, heart problems?
What did their lawyer say the Linnens ' wrongful death case was filed against American Home Products in connection with the fen-phen drugs?
What did American Home Products agree to pay to settle thousands of lawsuits filed nationwide by people claiming health problems due to fen-phen in October?
Who said, ``at this point they 've said the charge will be adequate''?
Whose conclusions was the Linnens ' lawsuit against phentermine-maker Fisons Corp. of Collegeville dropped earlier this month after a judge ruled?
Whose doctor of Newton did the settlement also cover?
Who did it sell the drug under the brand name Pondimin along with?
Who was N. J. -based American Home Products?
Who said they will not participate in the settlement?
What did the newspaper cite?
What did Madison announce it would pay to settle fen-phen lawsuits in October?
What pulled Pondimin and Redux off the market in 1997 after a Mayo Clinic study linked fenfluramine to potentially fatal heart valve damage?
What cited an unidentified source?
Whose case was to go to trial on Monday?
Who did the company pull off the market in 1997 after a Mayo Clinic study linked fenfluramine to potentially fatal heart valve damage?
Who both declined to comment?
What is it made by?
What did a drug sell under the brand name Pondimin along with a chemical cousin called Redux?
What did it sell the drug under Pondimin along with a chemical cousin called Redux?
What has Phentermine not been linked to when taken alone?
Who did John O'Quinn say began taking fen-phen in 1995 to lose weight and treat an acid reflux problem?
Who did a drug sell the drug under the brand name Pondimin along with?
What did a drug sell the drug under Pondimin along with a chemical cousin called Redux?
Who announced October would pay $4. 8 billion to settle fen-phen lawsuits in October?
What was Madison?
What did Madison announce October would pay to settle fen-phen lawsuits in October?
What did John O'Quinn say Brinkley began taking in 1995 to lose weight and treat an acid reflux problem?
What is still on the market?
When did the company pull Pondimin and Redux off the market after a Mayo Clinic study linked fenfluramine to potentially fatal heart valve damage?
What is it still on?
What is the company still on?
Who was her attorney?
Who was Virginia Brinkley's attorney?
What reported?
Who did attorneys representing thousands of fen-phen users say will not participate in the settlement?
What did attorneys representing thousands of fen-phen users say will not participate in the settlement?
Who was 55?
What was to go to trial on Monday?
What did Madison announce it would pay $4. 8 billion to settle in October?
What was Virginia Brinkley?
What did Madison announce in October?
When did Madison announce it would pay $4. 8 billion to settle fen-phen lawsuits?
What did attorneys representing thousands of fen-phen users say they will not participate in?
What is the company made by?
Whose attorney was John O'Quinn?
What did a drug call fenfluramine American Home made?
What did it sell under the brand name Pondimin along with a chemical cousin called Redux?
What did Madison announce would pay $4. 8 billion to settle fen-phen lawsuits in October?
What sold the drug under the brand name Pondimin along with a chemical cousin called Redux?
Who said Brinkley began taking fen-phen in 1995 to lose weight and treat an acid reflux problem?
Who has not been linked to problems when taken alone?
When did Madison announce October would pay $4. 8 billion to settle fen-phen lawsuits?
What were diagnosed a year later?
Who was facing a third replacement?
Who did the Houston Chronicle report today HOUSTON-- American Home Products has agreed to pay $8 million to $9 million to?
Who announced it would pay $4. 8 billion to settle fen-phen lawsuits in October?
When did John O'Quinn say?
What did Madison announce October would pay $4. 8 billion to settle in October?
Whose heart valve problems were diagnosed a year later?
Who was John O'Quinn?
When did John O'Quinn say Brinkley began taking fen-phen to lose weight and treat an acid reflux problem?
What called fenfluramine American Home made the ``fen'' in fen-phen?
Who had to have two heart valves replaced with artificial valves?
What did Virginia Brinkley have to have?
What did a Mayo Clinic study link?
When did Madison announce would pay $4. 8 billion to settle fen-phen lawsuits in October?
What did a drug call fenfluramine made the ``fen'' in fen-phen?
What did the company pull Pondimin and Redux off in 1997 after a Mayo Clinic study linked fenfluramine to potentially fatal heart valve damage?
How many heart valves replaced with artificial valves did Virginia Brinkley have to have?
What did attorneys representing thousands of fen-phen users say in?
What linked fenfluramine to potentially fatal heart valve damage?
What is made by another company?
What were the drugs removed from after a Mayo Clinic study linked fen-phen to potentially fatal heart valve damage in September 1997?
Who did American Home also make?
Whose senior vice president was Louis Hoynes Jr.?
What still must be approved by a judge?
What have been filed against American Home by fen-phen users?
Who said the number of opt outs is well within the expected range for a nationwide settlement of this magnitude?
What retain the right to sue American Home for punitive damages?
What made fenfluramine?
How many drug users registered to participate in the settlement and many more are expected since a deadline for registration has not yet been set?
Who was a plaintiff attorney who helped negotiate the settlement?
What also made Redux?
If too many people had opted out, who could have scrapped the settlement?
What have yet to sue American Home?
What were removed from the market after a Mayo Clinic study linked fen-phen to potentially fatal heart valve damage in September 1997?
What would the deal pay individual fen-phen users up to?
Who was a chemical cousin?
What did they file?
What did American Home say in a statement experience with litigation of these types suggests to?
What linked fen-phen to potentially fatal heart valve damage?
Who have more than 9,000 suits been filed against American Home by?
Who said the company is confident that it can continue to manage this level of opt outs?
Who lost its bid to buy rival Warner-Lambert Co. in part because of uncertainty surrounding the diet drug litigation?
What filed suit?
What does a major obstacle for the company try to win back?
What is open to anyone who used fen-phen and Redux in the United States?
Who was American Home's senior vice president?
What includes money to pay patients who say they were injured by the drugs and for future medical monitoring for those who are still healthy?
What do those who did so retain?
What is a hearing scheduled in on May 2?
What is still on the market?
What did Arnold Levin say the diet drug combination fen-phen believe as?
What did the company say?
What is the combination?
What did Louis Hoynes Jr. say the number of opt outs is well within?
What tries to win back trust of investors who have seen its stock drop because of the litigation and problems with other medicines?
What did American Home say in a statement experience with litigation of these types suggests that such opt to?
What is the second drug in the combination still on?
What is the settlement open to?
Who was Louis Hoynes Jr.?
What showed little concern about this?
Who lost the litigation and problems with other medicines's bid to buy rival Warner-Lambert Co. in part because of uncertainty surrounding the diet drug litigation?
When has not yet been set?
Who does it try to win back trust of?
What is phentermine?
What have more than 9,000 suits been filed against by fen-phen users?
Who filed suit?
What did the company say are not sick?
Who was Arnold Levin?
What has also hurt the company's efforts to find a merger partner?
When is a hearing scheduled in federal court in Philadelphia?
What did American Home lose the litigation and problems with other medicines's bid to buy rival Warner-Lambert Co. in part because of?
What did Arnold Levin say the diet drug combination fen-phen believe the response to this settlement represents an overwhelming endorsement of the settlement as?
Who gave the drug a brand name of Pondimin?
What would get far less?
What did American Home lose because of uncertainty surrounding the diet drug litigation?
What does it try to win back?
How many suits have been filed against American Home by fen-phen users?
Who does a major obstacle for the company try to win back trust of?
When were the drugs removed from the market after a Mayo Clinic study linked fen-phen to potentially fatal heart valve damage?
Who was Redux?
What did the diet drug combination fen-phen file?
What has the litigation also hurt?
Who was the diet drug combination fen-phen?
What did the company show little concern about?
What did American Home lose its bid to buy rival Warner-Lambert Co. in part because of?
If too many people had opted out, what could American Home have scrapped?
What was drug maker?
What did Arnold Levin say we believe as?
What said most of those who opted out of the deal are not sick?
What is scheduled in federal court in Philadelphia on May 2?
What does it include?
What did Arnold Levin say we believe the response to this settlement represents an overwhelming endorsement of the settlement as?
What did American Home say in a statement suggests that such opt outs have generally weaker claims and also may be subject to statute of limitations defenses?
When was the deadline for fen-phen users to opt out?
What did the company show?
Who did it also make?
What did a Mayo Clinic study link?
Who would the deal pay up to $1. 5 million?
Who are expected since a deadline for registration has not yet been set?
When was March 30 to opt out?
Who must the national settlement still be approved by?
What did Louis Hoynes Jr. say is confident that it can continue to manage this level of opt outs?
Who do most of the opt-outs have yet to sue?
What does most include?
What did Louis Hoynes Jr. say is well within the expected range for a nationwide settlement of this magnitude?
What would pay individual fen-phen users up to $1. 5 million?
What may still reject the settlement?
What does Edward F. Blizzard want the judge to throw out?
What are forbidden from collecting punitive damages?
What did a judge begin hearing on the fairness of the settlement?
What did U. S. District Judge Louis C. Bechtle give to the deal in November?
What was the second drug in the combination not linked to?
What would the fen-phen users get under the settlement?
What did Blizzard say Tuesday is illegal and unfair?
What are inadequate to compensate people for their injuries?
Who is expected to decide at the end of the two-week hearing whether the settlement will stand?
What also made Redux?
What was the combination?
Who does Edward F. Blizzard want the judge to throw a group of out?
When did Blizzard say the plan is illegal and unfair?
What would the fen-phen users get a maximum of under the settlement?
Who was a chemical cousin?
What was not linked to the problems?
Who favor the drug's approval?
What did the company sell the drug under?
What said Tuesday the plan is illegal and unfair?
What linked the fen-phen combination to potentially fatal heart valve damage?
How many lawsuits have been filed against Madison fen in the fen-phen combination?
What also includes money for fen-phen users who object to the settlement's future medical monitoring?
What was pulled from the market?
What retain the right to sue for punitive damages?
Who began hearing testimony on the fairness of the settlement?
What have more than 9,000 lawsuits been filed against Madison fen in?
Who is N. J. -based American Home?
Who is maker of fenfluramine?
What did a Mayo Clinic study link to potentially fatal heart valve damage?
Who gave preliminary approval to the deal in November?
What was it pulled from?
What did a Mayo Clinic study link the fen-phen combination to?
Who would get a maximum of $1. 5 million under the settlement?
What did Louis L. Hoynes Jr. say the settlement is?
Who does Edward F. Blizzard want to throw a group of fen-phen users who object to the settlement out?
Who called the deal inadequate Tuesday as a judge began hearing testimony on the fairness of the settlement?
What refused the settlement?
What is Madison?
What did a judge begin hearing testimony on?
What was the diet drug combination fen-phen pulled from?
What sold the drug under the brand name of Pondimin?
What did 45,000 refuse?
Who does Edward F. Blizzard want to throw it out?
What will stand?
What may those who remained in the class action still sue for?
What also includes money for their future medical monitoring?
What have been filed against Madison fen in the fen-phen combination?
When were the drugs withdrawn after a Mayo Clinic study linked the fen-phen combination to potentially fatal heart valve damage?
Who wants the judge to throw a group of fen-phen users who object to the settlement out?
Who was Louis L. Hoynes Jr.?
Who is the?
What would the fen-phen users get a maximum of $1. 5 million under?
What were withdrawn in September 1997 after a Mayo Clinic study linked the fen-phen combination to potentially fatal heart valve damage?
Who was Redux?
Who favor its approval?
What did the company sell under the brand name of Pondimin?
What did U. S. District Judge Louis C. Bechtle give preliminary approval to in November?
When did U. S. District Judge Louis C. Bechtle give preliminary approval to the deal?
Who is an attorney for a group of fen-phen users who object to the settlement?
What did Louis L. Hoynes Jr. say is the result of a dedicated effort between plaintiffs ' attorneys and American Home Products to create a comprehensive and equitable plan?
Who was American Home's senior vice president and general counsel?
What do the drug's maker, American Home Products, and plaintiffs ' attorneys who worked out the settlement last October favor?
What does the settlement also include?
Who have more than 9,000 lawsuits been filed against in the fen-phen combination?
What was phentermine?
What may still sue for compensatory damages?
Who did the company also make?
What did Louis L. Hoynes Jr. say the settlement is the result of?
Who is Edward F. Blizzard?
What is Madison maker of?
What may those who remained in the class action still reject?
Who is Madison?
Who wants the judge to throw it out?
What do 45,000 retain?
Who said the settlement is the result of a dedicated effort between plaintiffs ' attorneys and American Home Products to create a comprehensive and equitable plan?
How many lawsuits have been filed against American Home Products fen in the fen-phen diet drug combination?
Who did Blizzard say do not yet fully understand the health effects of fen-phen?
What may still reject the settlement?
What is American Home Products maker of?
What did attorneys for American Home and plaintiffs ' counsel point out?
What have been filed against American Home Products fen in the fen-phen diet drug combination?
What are forbidden from collecting punitive damages?
What was the second drug in the combination not linked to?
What have refused the settlement?
What is American Home Products?
What have more than 9,000 lawsuits been filed against in the fen-phen diet drug combination?
What do opponents say for?
What did Blizzard say scientists do not yet fully understand?
What did Attorney Edward F. Blizzard make Judge Louis C. Bechtle to throw it out?
What do opponents say are insufficient?
What also made Redux?
What was the combination?
What may those people still sue for?
Who said the studies found that any ill effects of the drug generally show up right away?
Who represents a group of users who object to the settlement?
Who disputed that?
Who did Attorney Edward F. Blizzard make one final plea to U. S. District Court to throw it out?
Who do opponents say had inadequate representation?
Who was a chemical cousin?
What was not linked to the problems?
What linked fen-phen to potentially fatal heart valve damage?
What vowed Thursday to appeal if the deal is not rejected by a federal judge?
What might not be able to capture what is out there at this point?
What would fen-phen users get a maximum of under the settlement?
What did Blizzard say during?
What do opponents say the settlement does not include for people who may develop health problems later?
What did attorneys for American Home and plaintiffs ' counsel dispute?
What did the Madison, N. J. -based company sell the combination under?
What said during his final summation?
What was pulled from the market?
What retain the right to sue for punitive damages?
Who say the settlement does not include compensation for people who may develop health problems later?
Who gave preliminary approval to the deal last November?
What did Fishbein say there has been?
What does Attorney Edward F. Blizzard represent?
Who is expected to decide sometime this summer whether it will stand?
What was it pulled from?
Who would get a maximum of $1. 5 million under the settlement?
When were the drugs withdrawn after a Mayo Clinic study linked fen-phen to potentially fatal heart valve damage?
What did the Madison, N. J. -based company sell under the brand name of Pondimin?
Who is American Home Products?
What did Blizzard say scientists do not yet fully understand the health effects of?
What promised he would appeal to the 3rd U. S. Circuit Court of Appeals if Bechtle gives his approval after the session?
Who did Blizzard promise would appeal to the 3rd U. S. Circuit Court of Appeals if Bechtle gives his approval after the session?
What was fen-phen pulled from?
What do about 45,000 retain?
What do opponents say users had?
What did Attorney Edward F. Blizzard make one final plea to U. S. District Court?
Who said the science has not been completed yet?
When will stand?
What will stand?
What may those people still reject?
What also includes money for their future medical monitoring?
What is the?
What have more than 9,000 lawsuits been filed against American Home Products fen in?
What have registered to join the class?
What did plaintiffs ' attorney Michael D. Fishbein say found that any ill effects of the drug generally show up right away?
Who say monetary damages are insufficient?
Who said there has been an overwhelming vote for approval of the terms of the settlement?
Who was Redux?
What said scientists do not yet fully understand the health effects of fen-phen?
What have about 45,000 refused?
What did Blizzard promise he would appeal to the 3rd U. S. Circuit Court of Appeals if Bechtle gives his approval after?
What did Blizzard promise to after the session?
When did PHILADELPHIA-- Opponents of the proposed $3. 75 billion fen-phen settlement vow to appeal if the deal is not rejected by a federal judge?
What do opponents say the settlement does not include compensation for?
What were withdrawn in September 1997 after a Mayo Clinic study linked fen-phen to potentially fatal heart valve damage?
What might the headlights not be able to capture what is out there at?
What does the settlement also include?
What did he say has not been completed yet?
What would fen-phen users get a maximum of $1. 5 million under?
Who did the Madison, N. J. -based company also make?
What sold the combination under the brand name of Pondimin?
What was phentermine?
What have another 266,000 registered to join?
What may still sue for compensatory damages?
What do opponents say?
What do opponents say does not include compensation for people who may develop health problems later?
Who made one final plea to U. S. District Court Judge Louis C. Bechtle to throw it out?
What did Attorney Edward F. Blizzard make one final plea to U. S. District Court Judge Louis C. Bechtle to throw out?
What did Attorney Edward F. Blizzard say has not been completed yet?
What did a Mayo Clinic study link?
What also includes money for users who object to the settlement's future medical monitoring?
What might the headlights not be able to capture at this point?
What did Blizzard promise he would appeal to if Bechtle gives his approval after the session?
Who say users had inadequate representation?
What would fen-phen users get under the settlement?
Who pointed out that 16 major studies were performed to determine the effects of Pondimin and Redux?
What is maker of fenfluramine?
What did plaintiffs ' attorney Michael D. Fishbein say the studies found?
Who does Attorney Edward F. Blizzard represent a group of?
How many lawsuits have been filed against American Home Products fen in the fen-phen diet drug combination?
What did Michael Scott of Philadelphia say resolves the vast majority of the claims and potential claims that the company was facing?
What may still reject the settlement?
What is American Home Products maker of?
What has approved the proposed $3. 75 billion national settlement of health claims stemming from the diet drug combination fen-phen?
What do other opponents say users had?
What have been filed against American Home Products fen in the fen-phen diet drug combination?
What are forbidden from collecting punitive damages?
What did Michael Scott of Philadelphia say the settlement resolves the vast majority of that the company was facing?
What was the second drug in the combination not linked to?
What have refused the settlement?
What is American Home Products?
What did Michael Scott of Philadelphia say the settlement resolves the vast majority of the claims and potential claims?
What have more than 9,000 lawsuits been filed against in the fen-phen diet drug combination?
What did Attorney Edward F. Blizzard of Houston say it would likely be reversed because of?
What do other opponents say?
What has been linked to potentially fatal heart valve damage?
What also made Redux?
Who was Michael Scott of Philadelphia?
What was the combination?
What may those people still sue for?
Who would get up to $1. 5 million under the settlement approved Monday?
Who was a chemical cousin?
Who objected to the settlement in June on behalf of a group of diet-drug users?
What was not linked to the problems?
Who said the settlement resolves the vast majority of the claims and potential claims that the company was facing?
What had promised to appeal to the 3rd U. S. Circuit Court of Appeals if the judge gives his approval?
What linked fen-phen to potentially fatal heart valve damage?
Who was Michael Scott of Philadelphia one of?
What do other opponents say are deficient?
Who said behalf of a group of diet-drug users would likely be reversed because of all the other lawsuits pending?
What did Michael Scott of Philadelphia say the settlement resolves that the company was facing?
What did not immediately return a call for comment Monday?
What has PHILADELPHIA- A federal judge approved?
What would fen-phen users get up to $1. 5 million under?
What did Attorney Edward F. Blizzard of Houston object to on behalf of a group of diet-drug users?
What did the Madison, N. J. -based company sell the combination under?
Who do other opponents say had inadequate representation?
Who said it's a very, very significant step forward in resolving the litigation?
What was pulled from the market?
What retain the right to sue for punitive damages?
Who say the settlement does not include compensation for people who may develop health problems later?
Who gave preliminary approval to the deal last November?
What did Attorney Edward F. Blizzard of Houston say would likely be reversed because of all the other lawsuits pending?
What did U. S. District Judge Louis C. Bechtle give preliminary approval to last November?
Who was one of the attorneys representing American Home?
Who said it would likely be reversed because of all the other lawsuits pending?
What was it pulled from?
What also includes money for fen-phen users's future medical monitoring?
When were the drugs withdrawn after a Mayo Clinic study linked fen-phen to potentially fatal heart valve damage?
What did the Madison, N. J. -based company sell under the brand name of Pondimin?
What did Attorney Edward F. Blizzard of Houston say behalf of a group of diet-drug users would likely be reversed because of?
Who is American Home Products?
What did Michael Scott of Philadelphia say's a very, very significant step forward in resolving the litigation?
What has the diet drug combination fen-phen been linked to?
What did Michael Scott of Philadelphia say it's?
What has PHILADELPHIA- A federal judge approved the proposed $3. 75 billion national settlement of?
What do other opponents say does not include compensation for people who may develop health problems later?
What was the diet drug combination fen-phen pulled from?
What do about 45,000 retain?
What did Attorney Edward F. Blizzard of Houston object to the settlement in June on?
What do other opponents say the settlement does not include for people who may develop health problems later?
What did Blizzard not immediately return a call for Monday?
What may those people still reject?
What also includes money for their future medical monitoring?
What do other opponents say the settlement does not include compensation for?
What is the?
What have more than 9,000 lawsuits been filed against American Home Products fen in?
What have registered to join the class?
What did Attorney Edward F. Blizzard of Houston say because of?
Who say monetary damages are deficient?
Who was Redux?
What have about 45,000 refused?
What were withdrawn in September 1997 after a Mayo Clinic study linked fen-phen to potentially fatal heart valve damage?
What does the settlement also include?
Who did the Madison, N. J. -based company also make?
What sold the combination under the brand name of Pondimin?
What was phentermine?
What have another 266,000 registered to join?
What may still sue for compensatory damages?
What would fen-phen users get up to under the settlement approved Monday?
What do other opponents say for?
What did a Mayo Clinic study link?
Who say users had inadequate representation?
What had Blizzard promised to appeal to if the judge gives his approval?
What is maker of fenfluramine?
What is Texas?
Who is her husband?
What cited evidence it may have irreversibly, and sometimes fatally, scarred users ' heart valves?
What did the U. S. Food and Drug Administration cite?
What does the lawsuit claim the defendants had ample knowledge before that the drugs could cause serious heart disease?
What did the manufacturer of the ``fen'' drug meet recently with lawyers in New York and Houston to discuss a possible settlement of nationwide?
Who will buy arguments that the ``fen'' part of the combination could cause serious heart disease leading to death?
What was the ``fen'' part of the drug combination manufactured by?
Who have declined to comment?
Who died allegedly of primary pulmonary hypertension as a result of taking ``fen'' under the marketed name of ``Pondimin''?
What does the lawsuit claim before?
What pulled ``fen'' from the market Sept. 15,1997?
What were several companies Interneuron Pharmaceuticals of?
Who are the plaintiffs in the Houston-area case?
What does the lawsuit claim the defendants had ample knowledge before FDA's withdrawal that the drugs could cause?
Who was American Home Products?
What was manufactured by several companies?
What would any such settlement easily exceed?
Whose husband is two children and two parents?
What was a case in Cleburne to reach trial in the country?
What did no studies link this drug with?
What have lawyers familiar with litigation over the diet drugs said for?
Who was N. J.?
What has no jury ruled on?
What did not involve a death?
What was Madison?
What did the U. S. Food and Drug Administration pull ``fen'' from Sept. 15,1997?
What could indicate whether jurors will buy arguments that the ``fen'' part of the combination could cause serious heart disease leading to death?
What were Interneuron Pharmaceuticals of Lexington?
What is the trial being closely watched because it could indicate?
What have phentermine manufacturers been dismissed from most suits around?
How many estimated people have used the diet drug combination?
What did they allegedly market to prolong the usage of either ``fen'' compound from the usual 12 weeks to six months?
What were two versions marketed?
What did they allegedly market phentermine to prolong the usage of from the usual 12 weeks to six months?
Who was the ``phen'' of the drug combination?
Who was sold as Pondimin, and a purer version of the compound known as dexfenfluramine, or Redux?
What have used the diet drug combination?
What met recently with lawyers in New York and Houston to discuss a possible settlement of the potentially tens of thousands of fen-phen cases nationwide?
What have phentermine manufacturers been dismissed from around the country?
Who also name the manufacturers of the ``phen'' part of the combination?
What has a panel of state district judges ruled?
What is death?
What are seeking unspecified damages from American Home Products, and the M. D. Managed Weight Care clinic in Clear Lake?
What was American Home Products of Madison?
What does the lawsuit claim the defendants had ample knowledge before FDA's withdrawal?
What was Mass.?
What do the plaintiffs also name the manufacturers of?
How many versions were marketed _ fenfluramine?
What was manufactured by a division of American Home Products?
What was the first to reach trial in the country?
What linked this drug with the heart valve damage?
Who have said several fen-phen death cases in the country have been settled for about $4 million to $5 million each?
When did they allegedly market phentermine to prolong the usage of either ``fen'' compound to six months?
What was Lexington?
What did the manufacturers of the ``phen'' part of the combination allegedly market phentermine to prolong the usage of from the usual 12 weeks to six months?
What does not say when Smith died or her age?
What was Wyeth-Ayerst Laboratories of Philadelphia?
Who did the manufacturer of the ``fen'' drug meet recently with to discuss a possible settlement of the potentially tens of thousands of fen-phen cases nationwide?
What is Clear Lake?
When did they allegedly market phentermine to prolong the usage of either ``fen'' compound from the usual 12 weeks?
Who was _ fenfluramine sold as?
Where were phentermine manufacturers also sued because they allegedly marketed phentermine to prolong the usage of either ``fen'' compound from the usual 12 weeks to six months?
What allegedly marketed phentermine to prolong the usage of either ``fen'' compound from the usual 12 weeks to six months?
Who is American Home Products?
What are the plaintiffs in the Houston-area case seeking unspecified damages from?
What was Cleburne?
What was reported to be $500,000?
What could it indicate?
What did the manufacturer of the ``fen'' drug meet recently with lawyers in New York and Houston to discuss nationwide?
What was American Home Products Wyeth-Ayerst Laboratories of?
What started presenting its case?
What could the nation's first full trial of a lawsuit involving the death of a ``fen-phen'' diet indicate?
What do the plaintiffs also name?
Who were several companies?
What are they seeking from American Home Products, and the M. D. Managed Weight Care clinic in Clear Lake?
When did the manufacturers of the ``phen'' part of the combination allegedly market phentermine to prolong the usage of either ``fen'' compound to six months?
What would easily exceed the drug company's $1 billion insurance liability limit for fen-related claims?
What have lawyers familiar with litigation over the diet drugs said several fen-phen death cases in the country have been settled for to $5 million each?
What was the ``fen'' drug?
What cited evidence Sept. 15,1997 may have irreversibly, and sometimes fatally, scarred users ' heart valves?
What will jurors buy?
Who have said?
Who are the survivors of Mary Marisa Smith?
What is Dr. Leo Borrell?
When was this case settled?
What was the drug combination manufactured by?
Who allegedly marketed phentermine to prolong the usage of either ``fen'' compound from the usual 12 weeks to six months?
What has ruled that those manufacturers are not liable?
What does the lawsuit claim the defendants had before FDA's withdrawal that the drugs could cause serious heart disease?
Who is two children and two parents?
What are they seeking unspecified damages from?
What have lawyers familiar with litigation over the diet drugs said have been settled for about $4 million to $5 million each?
What have been discussed in the settlement talks?
What was settled April 8?
How many children and two parents is Mary Marisa Smith's husband?
What was phentermine the ``phen'' of?
What did they allegedly market phentermine to prolong from the usual 12 weeks to six months?
What have no figures been discussed in?
What is award in such cases?
Who are the plaintiffs in the Houston-area case the survivors of?
What are the plaintiffs in the Houston-area case seeking from American Home Products, and the M. D. Managed Weight Care clinic in Clear Lake?
What did Mary Marisa Smith die allegedly of as a result of taking ``fen'' under the marketed name of ``Pondimin''?
What is inconclusive all defendants have denied wrongdoing in court documents?
Who is Mary Marisa Smith's husband?
Who are Mary Marisa Smith's husband all of Harris County?
What have been dismissed from most suits around the country?
What was supposed to be confidential?
Who say state District Judge Katie Kennedy did not want them to discuss the trial before opening statements?
How many children and two parents is her husband?
Who are seeking unspecified damages from American Home Products, and the M. D. Managed Weight Care clinic in Clear Lake?
What did the manufacturers of the ``phen'' part of the combination allegedly market phentermine to prolong from the usual 12 weeks to six months?
What were marketed _ fenfluramine?
Who was the ``fen'' drug American Home Products of?
What has ruled on any fen-phen cases?
What was phentermine?
What did that case not involve?
What have lawyers familiar with litigation over the diet drugs said several fen-phen death cases in the country have been settled for about $4 million to?
What claims the defendants had ample knowledge before FDA's withdrawal that the drugs could cause serious heart disease?
What did Mary Marisa Smith die allegedly of primary pulmonary hypertension as?
Who are her husband all of Harris County?
What did American Home Products start presenting?
Who does the lawsuit claim had ample knowledge before FDA's withdrawal that the drugs could cause serious heart disease?
What have an estimated 6. 6 million people used?
When was it settled?
Who was Texas?
What did no studies link with the heart valve damage?
Where have more than 600 been filed so far?
How many children about the same age do I have?
When did the plaintiffs have to present their evidence?
What said that before the settlement was reached, Kennedy had allowed into evidence a memo written by a top FDA official saying the company had manipulated the agency?
What did company officials say by?
What have been filed so far in Harris County?
Who said he was surprised by the straw vote?
What would attorneys involved not discuss?
What did a source who asked to remain anonymous say the Smith settlement was?
What did company officials concede was inaccurate?
What were the two fen drugs removed from in September 1997 by the U. S. Food and Drug Administration?
What have plaintiffs ' lawyers said that American Home wants to avoid while it is trying to negotiate a settlement of all fen-phen litigation?
What was Phentermine?
What did a 1996 European study say?
Who was?
Who were other plaintiffs?
Who could relate to what they would go through?
Who died of a blood infection caused by a catheter used to pump in a drug to widen her pulmonary blood vessels?
Who said the straw vote will have no bearing on what the company does in other cases?
Who did company lawyers say they felt vindicated by a poll took privately after being excused by state District Judge Katie Kennedy?
What did plaintiffs ' attorneys also try to show?
What did company officials say was that they were awaiting the results of the European study?
Who took Monday for year?
What could shed light on whether juries will blame American Home Products of Madison for contributing to the death or injury of fen-phen patients?
What did Smith weigh?
Who conceded the label was inaccurate?
What did the suit say had become constricted by Pondimin?
Who also tried to show the company sought to avoid the most serious type of warning label because it would drastically cut sales?
Who did company lawyers say they felt vindicated by a poll by?
Who was N. J.?
Who was never associated with the same risks?
Who said the three settlements were $7. 5 million to $8 million?
What did Juror Gaetne Pauwels say state District Judge Katie Kennedy felt ``?''
What is American Home accused of deliberately downplaying the risks of the two fen drugs after they were linked to heart valve problems?
What is supposed to be confidential?
Who was the phen part of the combo?
What did Pondimin's label say with until 1997?
What did a 1996 European study say long-term users of prescription diet drugs had?
What did Smith's attorneys claim for?
Who said, ``Evidence showing the company was negligent was flagrant''?
Who kept looking at the risk of the disease?
What did they say part of the reason they did not change it was that they were awaiting the results of?
Who said, ``I was leaning for the defense because of the science''?
Who deliberated?
Who said part of the reason they did not change the trial was that they were awaiting the results of the European study?
What did he say would have been different after jurors deliberated?
Who said the outcome would have been different after jurors deliberated?
Who did the suit say Smith's pulmonary blood vessels had become constricted by?
Who 'mes the same age as Mrs. Smith was?
What did Pondimin's label say had been associated with four cases of the disease and one death until 1997?
Who was also sued?
What was warning label bordered by?
What did two other Harris County fen-phen cases not involve?
What allege heart-valve leakage problems?
Who took the drug fenfluramine, brand named Pondimin, and phentermine for about a year?
What did about 6 million people take one form of the company sold?
How many weeks did the plaintiffs have to present their evidence?
What was American Home?
What did he say in?
When was he dismissed by the plaintiffs?
What would the most serious type of warning label, bordered by black boxes, drastically cut?
What did Hill say into?
What are such as fatigue and headaches?
What could the Smith case shed on whether juries will blame American Home Products of Madison for contributing to the death or injury of fen-phen patients?
Who said the Smith settlement was between $6 million and $7 million?
When did Pondimin's label say the drug had been associated with four cases of the disease and one death?
What did a source who asked to remain anonymous say?
Who claim ``neurotoxicity,'' which has various symptoms?
What said Smith's pulmonary blood vessels had become constricted by Pondimin?
What did I keep looking at?
What has the company refused to discuss?
Who did the suit say her pulmonary blood vessels had become constricted by?
What did company officials concede?
Who is still available?
What did Smith take for year?
What did company officials say knew about all the reported associations and had never demanded it be changed?
Who were linked to heart valve problems Smith did not have?
What did company officials say?
Who did the suit say by?
What did they say part of the reason they did not change it was?
What said the drug had been associated with four cases of the disease and one death until 1997?
What did lawyers say also settled for confidential amounts Tuesday?
What did a source who asked to remain anonymous say to?
What was Phentermine never associated with?
When was the defense only?
What did lawyers say two other Harris County fen-phen cases also settled for Tuesday?
Who said that there were eight votes for American Home undecided?
Who is accused of deliberately downplaying the risks of the two fen drugs after they were linked to heart valve problems Smith did not have?
Who did plaintiffs ' attorney Graham Hill say was surprised by the straw vote?
How many other Harris County fen-phen cases did lawyers say also settled for confidential amounts Tuesday?
What did about 6 million people take the company sold?
What were they linked to heart valve problems?
What were similar constrictions called?
What has refused to discuss those negotiations?
Who was father?
Who would not discuss the settlement?
When were the two fen drugs removed from the market by the U. S. Food and Drug Administration?
What did company officials say part of the reason they did not change the trial was?
Who did Smith take for about a year?
What did Juror Gaetne Pauwels cry during?
What did plaintiffs ' attorney Graham Hill say by?
How many settlements did a source who asked to remain anonymous say were $7. 5 million to $8 million?
How many pounds did Smith lose?
When did lawyers say two other Harris County fen-phen cases also settled for confidential amounts?
What was only into its second day?
What did Hill say that before the settlement was reached, Kennedy had allowed into evidence a memo written by a top FDA official saying?
What was the first case to go to trial settled for on April 8 in Cleburne?
What do I 'm as Mrs. Smith was?
What did company lawyers say they felt vindicated by the 12 jurors and one alternate took privately after being excused by state District Judge Katie Kennedy?
Whose pulmonary blood vessels did the suit say had become constricted by Pondimin?
Who do I have?
What were Pondimin and Redux, or dexfenfluramine?
What was it just I did not feel there were any good guys or bad guys?
Who took it for year?
What did a top American Home official testify Monday that the risks of the fen drug that Smith took outweighed?
What had the FDA determined?
What were they linked to Smith did not have?
What did company officials say was adequate and approved by the FDA?
What did company officials testify that they were aware of?
When did a top American Home official testify that the risks of the fen drug that Smith took outweighed the benefits if taken longer than three months?
What did plaintiffs ' attorney Graham Hill say he was surprised by?
When did Smith take Monday?
Who said the boldfaced warning that was used was adequate and approved by the FDA?
What did not involve deaths?
What have plaintiffs ' attorneys said that about 5 percent of the fen-phen cases involve?
What did company officials testify?
What did they say?
What did about 6 million people take one form of the two types of fen drugs?
What did Smith lose?
What did Hill reverse her prior ruling keeping out?
Who said state District Judge Katie Kennedy felt ``exactly the opposite?''
Who was her prescribing doctor?
Who said, ``I 'm a scientist''?
What did he say the straw vote will have on what the company does in other cases?
When did Smith take for year?
Who did a 1996 European study say had a 23-fold greater risk than the general public of incurring primary pulmonary hypertension?
What have more than 600 been filed so far in?
What did not involve anyone's death?
What were linked to heart valve problems Smith did not have?
Who lost 70 pounds?
What did plaintiffs ' attorney Graham Hill say would have been different after jurors deliberated?
What did company officials say part of the reason they did not change the trial was that they were awaiting the results of?
What did a source who asked to remain anonymous say were $7. 5 million to $8 million?
Who testified that they were aware of at least five associations as of 1991 and 62 associations and 11 deaths in 1996?
When did Smith take it?
What was settled for a reported $500,000 on April 8 in Cleburne?
Who cried during testimony describing Smith's death and the children's suffering?
What did Defense attorney Paul Stallings say in?
What took one form of the two types of fen drugs the company sold?
Who said two other Harris County fen-phen cases also settled for confidential amounts Tuesday?
Who was he dismissed by last week?
What was low?
What would it drastically cut?
What did plaintiffs ' attorney Graham Hill say?
What was Madison?
What were the two fen drugs removed from the market in September 1997 by?
What did the first case to go to trial not involve?
What did lawyers say for?
What did Pauwels say, ``Evidence showing the company was''?
What did Hill say that before the settlement was reached, Kennedy had allowed into evidence?
What did a top American Home official testify Monday?
What was the Smith case the furthest?
What do others claim?
Who was 47?
What has no jury yet deliberated on?
Who said they felt vindicated by a poll the 12 jurors and one alternate took privately after being excused by state District Judge Katie Kennedy?
Who were Smith's husband, Michael, and father?
Who was Leo Borrell?
How many jurors and one alternate did company lawyers say they felt vindicated by a poll took privately after being excused by state District Judge Katie Kennedy?
What could it shed on whether juries will blame American Home Products of Madison for contributing to the death or injury of fen-phen patients?
What did the company say in March?
What said part of the reason they did not change it was that they were awaiting the results of the European study?
What reversed her prior ruling keeping it out?
Whose pulmonary blood vessels did the suit say by?
What did a source who asked to remain anonymous say was between $6 million and $7 million?
Who works in oil and gas?
What was rare?
What did company officials testify that they were?
When did Smith take the drug fenfluramine, brand named Pondimin, and phentermine?
What did about 6 million people take one form of the two types of fen drugs sold?
Who were the two fen drugs sold by American Home Products?
What did he say?
What said in March that more than 2,600 suits had been filed nationwide?
Who had two weeks to present their evidence?
Who said the FDA knew about all the reported associations and had never demanded it be changed?
Who was Michael Stom?
What did company lawyers say by?
What did company officials say part of the reason they did not change the trial was that they were awaiting?
What did they say part of the reason they did not change it was that they were awaiting?
What did Hill reverse keeping it out?
Who weighed about 270 pounds?
What have plaintiffs ' lawyers said?
How many people took one form of the two types of fen drugs the company sold?
What said long-term users of prescription diet drugs had a 23-fold greater risk than the general public of incurring primary pulmonary hypertension?
How many other Harris County fen-phen cases did not involve deaths?
What does juror Dave Sawicki of Houston work in?
What has yet deliberated on a fen-phen case?
What did Pondimin's label say the drug had been associated with until 1997?
Who said she felt ``exactly the opposite?''
Whose husband, Michael, and father were other plaintiffs?
What would drastically cut sales?
What are various symptoms as?
What did company lawyers say felt vindicated by a poll the 12 jurors and one alternate took privately after being excused by state District Judge Katie Kennedy?
When did the company say that more than 2,600 suits had been filed nationwide?
What was three for the plaintiffs and two?
What is trying to negotiate a settlement of all fen-phen litigation?
What was the first case to go to trial settled for a reported $500,000 on April 8 in?
What said her pulmonary blood vessels had become constricted by Pondimin?
What were called primary pulmonary hypertension?
Who did company lawyers say felt vindicated by a poll the 12 jurors and one alternate took privately after being excused by state District Judge Katie Kennedy?
Whose prescribing doctor was also sued?
Who have said that American Home wants to avoid a jury decision while it is trying to negotiate a settlement of all fen-phen litigation?
How many fen drugs sold by American Home Products were Pondimin and Redux, or dexfenfluramine?
What are heart valve problems?
What have plaintiffs ' attorneys said?
What was reached?
When was the first case to go to trial settled for a reported $500,000 in Cleburne?
Who did Juror Gaetne Pauwels say felt ``exactly the opposite?''
What did Juror Gaetne Pauwels say?''
What did the plaintiffs have two weeks to present?
What had the FDA determined that the drugs ' benefits outweighed?
What did they say was that they were awaiting the results of the European study?
How many fen drugs were removed from the market in September 1997 by the U. S. Food and Drug Administration?
What was the Smith case any such case has progressed?
What did several jurors say?
What was Phentermine the phen part of?
Whose prescribing doctor was Leo Borrell?
What did a source who asked to remain anonymous say the three settlements were to $8 million?
What were removed from the market in September 1997 by the U. S. Food and Drug Administration?
What did Juror Gaetne Pauwels say she felt ``?''
What was the furthest any such case has progressed?
What was juror Dave Sawicki of Houston?
What was just a tragic situation I did not feel there were any good guys or bad guys?
Who was referring to Smith's children?
What did a source who asked to remain anonymous say the three settlements were $7. 5 million to?
Who was Smith's prescribing doctor?
Who has two children about the same age?
What are a condition?
What was bordered by black boxes?
What did he say will have no bearing on what the company does in other cases?
How many pounds did Smith weigh?
What did Defense attorney Paul Stallings say the straw vote will have on what the company does in other cases?
Who testified Monday that the risks of the fen drug that Smith took outweighed the benefits if taken longer than three months?
What did Smith die of?
What was closely watched because it could shed light on whether juries will blame American Home Products of Madison for contributing to the death or injury of fen-phen patients?
What did Defense attorney Paul Stallings say will have no bearing on what the company does in other cases?
Who said part of the reason they did not change it was that they were awaiting the results of the European study?
What do I have two children about?
What was the Smith case the furthest has progressed?
Who was dismissed by the plaintiffs last week?
Whose label said the drug had been associated with four cases of the disease and one death until 1997?
What did the judge also allow?
What had determined that the drugs ' benefits outweighed the risks?
Who were they linked to heart valve problems did not have?
What do most of the fen-phen cases allege?
Who have said that about 5 percent of the fen-phen cases involve similar constrictions?
Who was Lou Clemente?
What will a lot of people not go into?
Who said Wednesday that after the Mississippi jury verdict, many fen-phen sufferers would choose to pursue their claims in court?
What fell 56. 25 cents, or 1. 4 percent, to $40?
Who's just one more reason Warner-Lambert should not merge with American Home?
Who wasted little time in questioning the wisdom of such a deal?
What was Jefferson County?
What have analysts expressed concern behind?
What was confidential?
Who were four of whom said the drugs had caused them to develop primary pulmonary hypertension?
What did some plaintiffs ' lawyers say Wednesday after?
Whose offer for Warner-Lambert was based on Wednesday's closing stock price?
What did American Home Products note in a release Wednesday that even though Jefferson County had only 8,500 residents there had?
What did Warner-Lambert increase $1. 125, or 1. 4 percent, to?
Who was Sergio Traversa?
Who was Ed Blizzard?
What did Sergio Traversa say, ``Personally, I do not think''?
What did others think that the national agreement did not do enough to limit?
What did Pfizer's shares rise $1. 125, or 4. 9 percent, to?
What had many lawyers said that the national agreement would allow many sufferers to receive faster than if they were to go to court?
Who thought that the national agreement did not do enough to limit the company's liabilities?
Who had said that it would allow many sufferers to receive a monetary award faster than if they were to go to court?
Who said, ``In my view, American Home Products ' global settlement is now dead''?
What did American Home Products say were from plaintiffs who lived elsewhere?
Who was a partner with Waite, Schneider, Bayless & Chesley in Cincinnati?
Who did Jefferson County have?
What did American Home Products agree in October to pay to settle claims that the diet drugs had been harmful?
What will begin Jan. 10 in Delaware Chancery Court?
What does Pfizer's?
What agreed late Tuesday to pay $350 million to settle 1,400 injury cases brought in Mississippi over its diet drug combination fen-phen with Warner-Lambert?
What did Louis Hoynes also tell analysts that the settlement amount was?
Who has made an $82. 4 hostile bid for Warner-Lambert?
What did American Home Products note in Wednesday that even though Jefferson County had only 8,500 residents there had liability claims pending from more than 10,000 plaintiffs?
What had been cited in earlier news reports?
Where did the company say that it faces a similar case next month?
What was American Home Products ' bid?
What did some plaintiffs ' lawyers say Wednesday that after the Mississippi jury verdict, many fen-phen sufferers would choose to pursue in court?
Who had only 8,500 residents?
What's a $21 billion difference?
Who was Waite, Schneider, Bayless & Chesley in Cincinnati one of?
What did others think?
What noted in a release Wednesday that even though Jefferson County had only 8,500 residents there had liability claims pending from more than 10,000 plaintiffs?
What did analysts say Wednesday that the total payout for the Mississippi cases was estimated at?
When did Pfizer waste in questioning the wisdom of such a deal?
What had awarded $150 million in compensatory damages to five plaintiffs?
What did many analysts applaud?
What did American Home Products Corp. agree late Tuesday to pay to settle 1,400 injury cases brought in Mississippi over its diet drug combination fen-phen with Warner-Lambert?
What was Mississippi over its diet drug combination fen-phen?
Whose lawyers said Wednesday that after the Mississippi jury verdict, many fen-phen sufferers would choose to pursue their claims in court?
What did the company's shares fall 56. 25 cents, or 1. 4 percent, to?
What was a liability that could endanger the company's proposed $70 billion merger?
Who had said that the national agreement would allow many sufferers to receive a monetary award faster than if they were to go to court?
What told analysts Wednesday that the legal environment in Mississippi was anything but ordinary?
When did American Home Products Corp. agree to pay $350 million to settle 1,400 injury cases brought in Mississippi over its diet drug combination fen-phen with Warner-Lambert?
What had been signed?
What did some plaintiffs ' lawyers say Wednesday that after the Mississippi jury verdict, many fen-phen sufferers would choose to pursue their claims in?
Who had a Mississippi jury awarded $150 million in compensatory damages to?
What moved quickly to settle the claims?
When will the series of lawsuits filed between Pfizer and Warner-Lambert regarding Pfizer's hostile takeover bid begin in Delaware Chancery Court?
What had many lawyers said to?
Who said Wednesday that the total payout for the Mississippi cases was estimated at $350 million?
When did Warner-Lambert say in a statement that it remained committed to its merger with American Home Products?
Who increased $1. 125, or 1. 4 percent, to $82. 9375?
Who said, ``We have offered a 41 percent premium over the American Home Products ' offer''?
Who was a pharmaceutical analyst with Mehta Partners?
Whose shares rose $1. 125, or 4. 9 percent, to $33. 75?
What did investors not react so negatively to?
When did American Home Products agree to pay $3. 75 billion to settle claims that the diet drugs had been harmful?
If you look at that $150 million award, what does it just show you about?
What tells the drugs something anyway?
What has Pfizer shown in pointing out American Home Products ' weaknesses?
What had many lawyers said that it would allow many sufferers to receive faster than if they were to go to court?
When will the settlement in Mississippi not be in court?
If you look at that $150 million award, what just shows you how angry ordinary citizens get when they hear about these charges?
What was based on Wednesday's closing stock price?
What did Louis Hoynes also tell analysts?
When was unclear?
What did American Home Products move quickly to settle?
What said about 500 of the fen-phen cases filed in Mississippi were from plaintiffs who lived elsewhere?
What had substantially less than $500 million been cited in?
Who does the agreement have yet to receive final approval from?
What does that's?
What were five plaintiffs?
Whose lawyer in Houston who is involved in many fen-phen cases was Ed Blizzard?
What did the company say in?
What had a Mississippi jury awarded to five plaintiffs?
What was Pfizer's offer for Warner-Lambert based on?
Who did not react so negatively to American Home Products ' latest woes?
What have analysts expressed concern that American Home Products has yet to put its fen-phen liabilities behind?
What did Warner-Lambert say in a statement late Wednesday to?
Who was a plaintiffs ' lawyer in Houston who is involved in many fen-phen cases?
Who were the Circuit Court?
Who was the site of the fen-phen case?
What did the company tell analysts Wednesday?
Who was Louis Hoynes?
Who did American Home Products say about 500 of the fen-phen cases filed in Mississippi were from?
What did Warner-Lambert say in late Wednesday that it remained committed to its merger with American Home Products?
Who did Louis Hoynes also tell that the settlement amount was substantially less than $500 million?
What's just one more reason Warner-Lambert should not merge with American Home?
Who also told analysts that the settlement amount was substantially less than $500 million?
What touched off debate among analysts Wednesday as to whether American Home Products ' merger with Warner-Lambert would be completed?
How many residents did Jefferson County have?
What did the company say that it faces a similar case next month in?
What has yet to receive final approval from a federal judge?
Who was Stanley Chesley?
What rose $1. 125, or 4. 9 percent, to $33. 75?
Who was executive vice president for corporate affairs at Pfizer?
How many cents, or 1. 4 percent, did the company's shares fall to $40?
What did Pfizer's shares rise to $33. 75?
Where did the company say?
What did American Home Products Corp. agree late Tuesday to pay $350 million to settle with Warner-Lambert?
Who was one of the chief negotiators of the national agreement?
What does not prevent fen-phen users from taking their cases to court?
Who had many lawyers said that the national agreement would allow to receive a monetary award faster than if they were to go to court?
What was valued at $72. 4 billion?
What was $51. 1 billion?
Who agreed in October to pay $3. 75 billion to settle claims that the diet drugs had been harmful?
What were only 8,500 residents?
Who was American Home Products ' general counsel?
Who did American Home Products Corp. agree late Tuesday to pay $350 million to settle 1,400 injury cases brought in Mississippi over its diet drug combination fen-phen with?
What have analysts expressed that American Home Products has yet to put its fen-phen liabilities behind it?
What does it's?
What was primary pulmonary hypertension?
What has Pfizer made?
What was Jefferson County the site of?
Who thought that it did not do enough to limit the company's liabilities?
When did some plaintiffs ' lawyers say that after the Mississippi jury verdict, many fen-phen sufferers would choose to pursue their claims in court?
Whose offer for Warner-Lambert was valued at $72. 4 billion?
What did others think that it did not do enough to limit?
Who said in a statement late Wednesday that it remained committed to its merger with American Home Products?
What have analysts expressed concern that American Home Products has yet to put behind it?
What did analysts say Wednesday at?
What was Pfizer's offer for Warner-Lambert valued at?
What said that it faces a similar case next month in Massachusetts?
If you look at that $150 million award, who does it just show how angry ordinary citizens get when they hear about these charges?
What did American Home Products note in a release Wednesday?
Who was Waite, Schneider, Bayless & Chesley in Cincinnati?
Who had many lawyers said that it would allow to receive a monetary award faster than if they were to go to court?
What did the company's shares fall to $40?
What moved to settle the cases after a Mississippi jury had awarded $150 million in compensatory damages to five plaintiffs?
What will not be American Home Products ' last day in court?
Who have expressed concern that American Home Products has yet to put its fen-phen liabilities behind it?
Who has shown little mercy in pointing out American Home Products ' weaknesses?
How many plaintiffs were four of whom said the drugs had caused them to develop primary pulmonary hypertension?
When did analysts say that the total payout for the Mississippi cases was estimated at $350 million?
What did Warner-Lambert increase to $82. 9375?
What will the series of lawsuits filed between Pfizer and Warner-Lambert regarding Pfizer's hostile takeover bid begin Jan. 10 in?
How many residents were the Circuit Court?
Who said, ``the drugs have offered a 41 percent premium over the American Home Products ' offer''?
What does the agreement have yet to receive from a federal judge?
Who applauded the national agreement?
What was Mississippi over $350 million's diet drug combination fen-phen?
Who does the agreement not prevent from taking their cases to court?
What did American Home Products agree in October to pay $3. 75 billion to settle?
What will not go into the national settlement?
What tells us something anyway?
What did Warner-Lambert say in a statement late Wednesday that it remained committed to?
Who said, ``Personally, I do not think the merger between American Home Products and Warner-Lambert will go through''?
When did American Home Products note in a release that even though Jefferson County had only 8,500 residents there had liability claims pending from more than 10,000 plaintiffs?
What was unclear?
What did American Home Products move to settle after a Mississippi jury had awarded $150 million in compensatory damages to five plaintiffs?
What was an often fatal lung illness?
What will the settlement in Mississippi not be American Home Products ' last day in?
What did some plaintiffs ' lawyers say Wednesday that after, many fen-phen sufferers would choose to pursue their claims in court?
