What does the ingredients listing say?''
What does seattle-based Starbucks hope that with PORTLAND can attract new customers?
What says each tea bag includes ``the mumbled chantings of a certified tea shaman?''
What will the company discontinue its in-house Infusia brand of in annual sales?
Who should be available in Starbucks stores by the end of the year?
What does the ingredients listing say includes ``the mumbled chantings of a certified tea shaman?''
Who has-- Tazo been bought out by?
When did Steve Smith found Tazo?
What did Howard Schultz say, ``I think''?
Who hopes that with Tazo PORTLAND can attract new customers?
What is Tazo?
What should Tazo be available in by the end of the year?
What does tea account for?
What will discontinue its in-house Infusia brand of tea in annual sales?
Who hopes that with Tazo it can attract new customers?
What will the company discontinue its in-house Infusia brand of tea in?
What is Tazo bottled as?
Who-- has been bought out by Starbucks?
Who was Starbucks chairman and chief executive officer?
What should Tazo be available in Starbucks stores by?
What is Tazo sold in?
Who would Steve Smith not disclose for?
Who said, ``I think this is the highest-quality tea in the nation''?
Who did Steve Smith found in 1994?
Who does seattle-based Starbucks hope that with Tazo it can attract?
Who is bottled as iced tea?
Who would not disclose what Starbucks paid for Tazo?
What will the company discontinue in annual sales?
Who calls itself ``The Reincarnation of Tea'' on its labels?
What accounts for just 1 percent of Starbucks ' $1. 3 billion?
Who is sold in tea bags?
Who was Howard Schultz?
Who cultivates a quirky image?
What does seattle-based Starbucks hope with?
Who does seattle-based Starbucks hope with?
Who founded Tazo in 1994?
Who does seattle-based Starbucks hope that with it can attract new customers?
Who does seattle-based Starbucks hope that with Tazo PORTLAND can attract?
Who is an Oregon company that once aspired to be the Starbucks of teas?
What does Tazo cultivate?
Whose managing editor will Scott Mowbray be?
What are scheduled for this year?
Who was chairman of Seattle-based Starbucks Coffee Co.?
What is conversation?
Who will be Joe's managing editor?
What will be published in June?
Who was Howard Schultz chairman of?
Who will Scott Mowbray be?
What is with such titles as Time, Sports Illustrated, People and Entertainment Weekly?
What did the giant coffee shop owner announce Monday with?
What did Howard Schultz say in with Joe, we want to encourage those traditions?
What did Howard Schultz say in a statement with Joe, we want to encourage?
Who did Howard Schultz say in a statement with, we want to encourage those traditions?
Who is the nation's largest magazine publisher?
Who announced Monday it is teaming with Time Inc. to publish a magazine called Joe that will be sold at most of Starbucks ' 1,800 locations across North America?
How many more issues are scheduled for this year?
When are two more issues scheduled?
When will the first issue of Joe be published?
What is community and culture?
What is Time Inc.?
Who was Howard Schultz?
What is the nation's largest magazine publisher with?
Who said in a statement with Joe, we want to encourage those traditions?
Who did Howard Schultz say in a statement with Joe, want to encourage those traditions?
What will soon be offering a new kind of Joe?
What did CEO Howard Schultz say in a conference call despite, some of Starbucks ' other businesses have not grown as expected?
What did Schultz say is taking a crack at potential revenues estimated at $100 billion?
What closed?
Who named the company's specialty food business and the company's North American partnership with Pepsi?
What did he also say will announce a major strategic partnership for the Internet site later this summer?
Who named the company's specialty food business and its North American partnership with Pepsi?
Who did Schultz say had expected that did not happen?
Who said, ``We raised our expectations too high''?
What was made after the markets closed?
Who predicted the stock would rebound gradually Thursday?
What do more than 75 percent of the company's customers use?
What will play a role in that growth?
Who cautioned, ``I do not think it's going to climb up to where it closed today for a while?''
What did he also say?
What do they have?
What did CEO Howard Schultz also say will announce a major strategic partnership for the Internet site later this summer?
What did Kevin Calabrese, editor and analyst at Argus Research predict?
Who cautioned, ``I do not think starbucks's going to climb up to where it closed today for a while?''
How many cents per share had analysts estimated the gourmet coffee retailer would earn for fiscal 1999?
What do they have an average income of?
When is the company's North American retail profit margin up 1 percent compared with fiscal 1998?
When had analysts estimated the gourmet coffee retailer would earn 60 cents per share?
Who said, ``I 'm certain it will not hold there in the morning''?
When did Calabrese say, ``I 'm certain''?
What did Schultz say the company is taking at potential revenues estimated at $100 billion?
Who said profits fell below internal estimates?
What did Schultz say the company plans to create?
What had analysts estimated the gourmet coffee retailer would earn for fiscal 1999?
What did Schultz say below?
Who said the company is taking a crack at potential revenues estimated at $100 billion?
When did Kevin Calabrese, editor and analyst at Argus Research predict the stock would rebound gradually?
When did Kevin Calabrese caution, ``I do not think?''
What did Kevin Calabrese, editor and analyst at Argus Research predict would rebound gradually Thursday?
What did Schultz say profits fell below?
Who said?
What have an average income of more than $70,000?
Who was Starbucks X led by?
Who was led by senior vice president?
When did he caution, ``I do not think?''
What did CEO Howard Schultz say in despite a strong core retail business, some of Starbucks ' other businesses have not grown as expected?
What did Schultz say fell below internal estimates?
What did CEO Howard Schultz name?
What do the company's customers have an average income of?
Who had analysts estimated would earn 60 cents per share for fiscal 1999?
Who said, ``This is a category in which we can win''?
What did CEO Howard Schultz also say?
Who use the Internet?
What did SEATTLE-- Starbucks Corp. warn Wednesday to?
What do the company's customers have?
Who said, ``This is a category in which the company's customers can win''?
What did CEO Howard Schultz say in a conference call despite a strong core retail business, have not grown as expected?
Who have an average income of more than $70,000?
Who said company executives had expected that strong retail sales in Starbucks core coffee business would make up the difference?
What will the Internet play?
What did Schultz say the company is taking a crack at?
What did Schultz say at?
What is up 1 percent in fiscal 1999 compared with fiscal 1998?
Who did Schultz say had expected that strong retail sales in Starbucks core coffee business would make up the difference?
What did starbucks ' shares fall $10, or nearly 27 percent, in?
Who said, ``We remain as optimistic as ever for the potential for significant profit growth?''
Who said company executives had expected that did not happen?
What did Schultz also cite?
Who also cited $4 million in unbudgeted costs for developing the company's Internet strategy?
What did late Wednesday predict earnings of?
What did starbucks ' shares fall in after-hours trading on the Nasdaq Stock Market?
When is the company's North American retail profit margin up 1 percent in fiscal 1999 compared?
What warned Wednesday that annual profits would be lower than expected due to shortfalls in its non-core businesses and the cost of launching a new Internet portal?
When had analysts estimated?
Who had estimated the gourmet coffee retailer would earn 60 cents per share for fiscal 1999?
When predicted earnings of 54 cents per share?
What did he name?
Who said in a conference call despite a strong core retail business, some of Starbucks ' other businesses have not grown as expected?
What did Schultz say company executives had expected?
What did late Wednesday predict?
What did Schultz say?
Who also said the company will announce a major strategic partnership for the Internet site later this summer?
What did Schultz say company executives had expected that strong retail sales in Starbucks core coffee business would make up?
What fell $10, or nearly 27 percent, in after-hours trading on the Nasdaq Stock Market?
What did Starbucks shares skid to $25. 87 1\/2-- a decline of 31 percent in afternoon trading today on the Nasdaq Stock Market?
Who was Starbucks X led by?
Who was led by senior vice president?
What skidded $11. 68 3\/4 to $25. 87 1\/2-- a decline of 31 percent in afternoon trading today on the Nasdaq Stock Market?
What did Schultz say is taking a crack at potential revenues estimated at $100 billion?
What did Schultz also say will announce a major strategic partnership for the Internet site later this summer?
What did he also say will announce a major strategic partnership for the Internet site later this summer?
What do the company's customers have an average income of?
Who did Schultz say had expected that did not happen?
Who had analysts estimated would earn 60 cents per share for fiscal 1999?
What did Starbucks shares skid $11. 68 3\/4 to in afternoon trading today on the Nasdaq Stock Market?
Who said, ``We raised our expectations too high''?
Who said, ``This is a category in which we can win''?
Who use the Internet?
What do more than 75 percent of the company's customers use?
What will play a role in that growth?
What do the company's customers have?
Who said, ``This is a category in which the company's customers can win''?
Who have an average income of more than $70,000?
Who said company executives had expected that strong retail sales in Starbucks core coffee business would make up the difference?
What will the Internet play?
What did Schultz say the company is taking a crack at?
What did he also say?
What did Schultz say at?
What do they have?
Who did Schultz say had expected that strong retail sales in Starbucks core coffee business would make up the difference?
What did SEATTLE-- Starbucks Corp. shares tumble today after the coffee retailer warned in?
How many cents per share had analysts estimated the gourmet coffee retailer would earn for fiscal 1999?
What do they have an average income of?
When had analysts estimated the gourmet coffee retailer would earn 60 cents per share?
What did Schultz also say?
Who said, ``We remain as optimistic as ever for the potential for significant profit growth?''
What did Schultz say the company is taking at potential revenues estimated at $100 billion?
What did Schultz say the company plans to create?
Who said company executives had expected that did not happen?
What did Starbucks shares skid $11. 68 3\/4 to $25. 87 1\/2-- a decline of 31 percent in?
What had analysts estimated the gourmet coffee retailer would earn for fiscal 1999?
What did late Wednesday predict earnings of?
When had analysts estimated?
Who had estimated the gourmet coffee retailer would earn 60 cents per share for fiscal 1999?
When predicted earnings of 54 cents per share?
Who said the company is taking a crack at potential revenues estimated at $100 billion?
What did the coffee retailer warn in?
What did Schultz say company executives had expected?
What did late Wednesday predict?
What did Schultz say?
Who also said the company will announce a major strategic partnership for the Internet site later this summer?
What did Schultz say company executives had expected that strong retail sales in Starbucks core coffee business would make up?
Who said?
What have an average income of more than $70,000?
What does Magic Johnson already have at Atlanta?
Who is remarkably robust by any definition of good health?
Who did-- OTHER BUSINESS INTERESTS: Johnson recently become?
What was Founders National Bank?
What does he already have at Atlanta?
Who did he join in buying a majority stake in Founders National Bank?
What does he represent in TV ads?
What does he take like many AIDS patients on these new medications?
Where does he already have one multiplex theater at Greenbriar Mall?
What has a partner in a joint venture with Sony Theaters in Los Angeles, Houston and Atlanta also formed California Urban Investment Partners with?
What has he also formed with the California Public Employees ' Retirement System?
What are three drugs?
Who represents American Express and Adolph Coors in TV ads?
What does he have?
Who takes a combination of three drugs a protease inhibitor like many AIDS patients on these new medications?
Who announced his retirement from the NBA ``because of the HIV virus I have?''
What has he also formed California Urban Investment Partners with?
Whose wife and three children are healthy?
What did the financing plans for a second one draw criticism because of in Atlanta?
What provides financing and interest rate incentives?
What does the plan provide?
What uses funds from private investors?
What do the drugs cost $12,000 to a year?
What does the plan use from private investors?
What-- recently became Starbucks ' first joint-venture partner?
Who does he take a combination of three drugs a protease inhibitor like?
What are one?
What can side effects include?
What is The Magic Hour?
Who joined Janet Jackson and record industry executive Jheryl Busby in buying a majority stake in Founders National Bank?
Whose new TV show is The Magic Hour?
What is Magic Johnson remarkably robust by?
What does a partner in a joint venture with Sony Theaters in Los Angeles, Houston and Atlanta have?
Who does Magic Johnson take a combination of three drugs a protease inhibitor like?
Who are healthy?
What does Magic Johnson take like many AIDS patients on these new medications?
Who also has formed California Urban Investment Partners with the California Public Employees ' Retirement System?
Who faced a battery of cameras?
What does a partner in a joint venture with Sony Theaters in Los Angeles, Houston and Atlanta represent American Express and Adolph Coors in?
What are expensive?
What does a partner in a joint venture with Sony Theaters in Los Angeles, Houston and Atlanta represent in TV ads?
What did Magic Johnson face?
What cost $12,000 to $15,000 a year?
What does he already have one multiplex theater at Greenbriar Mall at?
What did the financing plans for a second one draw criticism because of concerns that public money would be used in?
What did Magic Johnson face a battery of?
What did Magic Johnson announce from the NBA ``because of the HIV virus I have?''
What does Magic Johnson already have one multiplex theater at Greenbriar Mall at?
Who has a joint venture with TGI Friday's?
What was approved by the DeKalb County Commission?
Where did the financing plans for a second one draw criticism because of concerns that public money would be used?
What does he represent American Express and Adolph Coors in?
What did Magic Johnson announce his retirement from ``because of the HIV virus I have?''
What will be implemented through the DeKalb County Development Authority?
What was in south DeKalb County?
Who already has one multiplex theater at Greenbriar Mall at Atlanta?
Where does Magic Johnson already have one multiplex theater at Greenbriar Mall?
How many drugs are one?
What will the plan be implemented through?
Where was the second one?
What drew criticism because of concerns that public money would be used in Atlanta?
What has a partner in a joint venture with Sony Theaters in Los Angeles, Houston and Atlanta also formed with the California Public Employees ' Retirement System?
When is Johnson's new TV show?
What did the financing plans for a second one draw because of concerns that public money would be used in Atlanta?
What is he remarkably robust by?
What was the second one in?
What does the California Public Employees ' Retirement System invest in?
Who does the plan use funds from?
What was the plan approved by?
What was California's only African American-owned bank?
Who did a partner in a joint venture with Sony Theaters in Los Angeles, Houston and Atlanta join in buying a majority stake in Founders National Bank?
What invests in commercial real estate?
What can include nausea headaches?
What do SAN FRANCISCO _ The Starbucks Coffee Co. plan to acquire Pasqua Coffee is leaving a bitter aftertaste in?
Who did Stephanie Sheffield say she learned about the sale from?
Who likes the way it is?
Who acknowledged Tully's Coffee Corp. had gotten more difficult to compete with Starbucks?
What's destruction of individual choice?
What does it's destruction of?
Who said he has been a Pasqua customer for five to six years?
What will Starbucks inherit a small chain that had $26 million in revenue last year with?
What does Stephanie Sheffield work at?
When was the San Francisco-based Spinelli Coffee Co. purchased by Tully's Coffee Corp.?
How many licensed airport locations in California does Pasqua have?
What _ The Starbucks Coffee Co. plan to acquire Pasqua Coffee is leaving a bitter aftertaste in the mouths of some patrons of the San Francisco-based coffeehouse?
Who was the nation's largest coffee retailer?
Who was a construction worker who was sipping a cup of joe at a Pasqua outlet in San Francisco?
Whose Coffee Corp. was the San Francisco-based Spinelli Coffee Co. purchased by in July?
What did Pasqua co-founder Martin Kupferman acknowledge had gotten more difficult to compete with Starbucks?
Who acknowledged it had gotten more difficult to compete with Starbucks?
Who did Starbucks announce Tuesday that it would buy for an undisclosed amount?
Who said, ``I do not like it''?
What did he say ?
Who did Pasqua co-founder Martin Kupferman acknowledge had gotten more difficult to compete with Starbucks?
When does Starbucks want to add 400 more in the United States and Canada?
What do SAN FRANCISCO _ in?
What is the San Francisco area?
What is three commissaries and two bakeries?
What is Starbucks with?
What did Kupferman add that Starbucks was satisfied with?
Who was purchased by Tully's Coffee Corp. in July?
What does Pasqua operate?
What do I like?
When did Starbucks announce that it would buy Pasqua for an undisclosed amount?
Who was Starbucks?
What did he say ``'s terrible''?
Who has eight licensed airport locations in California?
Who was Van Sias?
Who does Stephanie Sheffield's sister work for?
Who added that he was satisfied with terms of the sale?
What did Stephanie Sheffield say about?
Who was Tom Bennett?
Who said, ``nobody else is going to touch them''?
Who said she learned about the sale from her sister?
Whose Coffee Corp. did Pasqua co-founder Martin Kupferman acknowledge had gotten more difficult to compete with Starbucks?
Who said, ``It's Starbucks''?
Who said ``It's terrible''?
Who added that Starbucks was satisfied with terms of the sale?
Who works at Pasqua shop in San Francisco?
Who was a Starbucks spokesman?
What was Tully's Coffee Corp.?
Who said, ``With the addition of the Pasqua locations, we 're even more confident that we 'll meet our goal in continental North America''?
What should be complete by February?
What did Starbucks announce Tuesday that it would buy Pasqua for?
What takes the fun out of it if every coffee shop is the same?
What was the San Francisco-based Spinelli Coffee Co. purchased by in July?
Who wants to add 400 more in the United States and Canada within the year?
What does Starbucks want to add 400 more in within the year?
What was Berkeley resident Claire Greensfelder?
What does it take out of it if every coffee shop is the same?
Who said, ``I do not care for Starbucks''?
What did Kupferman add that he was satisfied with?
Whose Coffee Corp. was another Seattle company?
Whose sister works for Starbucks?
What does the fun's destruction of?
Who said, ``Tully's Coffee Corp.'s Starbucks''?
What is San Francisco?
Who did Van Sias say he has been for five to six years?
What are already all over the place?
Where did the chain pay about $81 million in stock for the Seattle Coffee Co. in April?
What did Stephanie Sheffield say she learned about from her sister?
How many outlets in the Los Angles, New York and San Francisco areas does Pasqua have?
What does it take the fun out of if every coffee shop is the same?
Who announced Tuesday that it would buy Pasqua for an undisclosed amount?
Whose Coffee Corp. did Pasqua co-founder Martin Kupferman acknowledge with?
What paid about $81 million in stock for the Seattle Coffee Co. in Britain in April?
Who will inherit a small chain that had $26 million in revenue last year with the purchase of Pasqua?
Who did Van Sias say has been a Pasqua customer for five to six years?
Who was 46?
What did Berkeley resident Claire Greensfelder say at?
What does it's?
Who said, ``I hope that they leave us alone because Pasqua is more customer-oriented than Starbucks seems to be''?
What does the company have a coffee roastery in San Francisco in?
When should the transition be complete?
What will Starbucks inherit with the purchase of Pasqua?
Who does her sister work for?
What did the chain pay about $81 million in stock for in Britain in April?
What did the chain pay about $81 million in stock for the Seattle Coffee Co. in in April?
Where does Starbucks want to add 400 more within the year?
Who said she avoids Starbucks at all costs in favor of mom-and-pop cafes?
What does Pasqua have?
Who has 56 outlets in the Los Angles, New York and San Francisco areas?
What does Starbucks want to add in the United States and Canada within the year?
What does the fun take out of it if every coffee shop is the same?
Who does the company have in addition?
What has a coffee roastery in San Francisco in addition?
Who was another Seattle company?
What did Berkeley resident Claire Greensfelder say she avoids Starbucks at?
Who was Alan Gulick?
What did Van Sias say ?
What did the chain pay for the Seattle Coffee Co. in Britain in April?
What's why I come in here?
What does the fun take the fun out of if every coffee shop is the same?
Who said, ``Van Sias do not care for Starbucks''?
How many commissaries and two bakeries is San Francisco?
What does the fun's?
Who did Pasqua co-founder Martin Kupferman acknowledge with?
Who did Berkeley resident Claire Greensfelder say she avoids at all costs in favor of mom-and-pop cafes?
What do SAN FRANCISCO _ The Starbucks Coffee Co. plan to acquire in?
Who did Berkeley resident Claire Greensfelder say avoids Starbucks at all costs in favor of mom-and-pop cafes?
When did Van Sias say he has been a Pasqua customer?
What do SAN FRANCISCO _ The Starbucks Coffee Co. plan to acquire Pasqua Coffee is leaving in the mouths of some patrons of the San Francisco-based coffeehouse?
Who did Stephanie Sheffield say learned about the sale from her sister?
Who was a supervisor with the Department of Public Health?
Who seems to be?
When did Van Sias say?
Who is more customer-oriented than Starbucks seems to be?
Who works for Starbucks?
What did Van Sias say ``'s terrible''?
Who said ``that's terrible''?
How many stores in the San Francisco area does Pasqua operate?
What did Kupferman add with?
Who said, ``We 're gonna have no more choices soon''?
What do SAN FRANCISCO _ plan to acquire Pasqua Coffee is leaving a bitter aftertaste in the mouths of some patrons of the San Francisco-based coffeehouse?
Who is with more than 1,700 stores in North America?
When did the chain pay about $81 million in stock for the Seattle Coffee Co. in Britain?
What did she say, ``I hope''?
What are starbucks coffeehouses already?
Who said, ``nobody else is going to touch the Pasqua locations''?
Who do SAN FRANCISCO _ The Starbucks Coffee Co. plan to acquire is leaving a bitter aftertaste in the mouths of some patrons of the San Francisco-based coffeehouse?
Who operates 48 stores in the San Francisco area?
What is Los Angeles and New York?
What did Starbucks announce Tuesday for?
Who is introduced in Corvallis as new head coach of the Oregon State Beavers?
Who said ``I think I have a shot''?
Whose retirement changes the competitive landscape in the NBA?
What does BRADLEY-PRESIDENT _ Former New Jersey Sen. Bill Bradley tell a Seattle luncheon a Democratic candidate for president would offer'' after the Clinton administration?
Who was beating NBA opponents at every turn?
What did Bradley say ?
What _ While Michael Jordan was beating NBA opponents at every turn, he gained their respect too?
Who is FBC-ERICKSON _ Dennis Erickson introduced in Corvallis as?
What do SALMON-CLINTON _?
Who was Michael Jordan beating at every turn?
Who did Bradley say ``I think have a shot''?
Who does BRADLEY-PRESIDENT _ Former New Jersey Sen. Bill Bradley tell a Seattle luncheon would offer a ``a fresh start'' after the Clinton administration?
What do BKN-THIEL-COLUMN _ There is?
What is FBC-ERICKSON _ Dennis Erickson introduced in as new head coach of the Oregon State Beavers?
What is the plan drawing from the left and the right?
What become public?
What does BKN-JORDAN-NBA _ Michael Jordan's retirement change the competitive landscape in?
What do STARBUCKS-TEA _?
When is Wednesday?
What _ The Clinton administration is preparing to announce a major effort to save salmon runs up and down the West Coast?
What _ There is some good news to the Michael Jordan retirement?
What was Michael Jordan beating NBA opponents at?
What _ A closer look at the tea business, and what Starbucks may be about to change in its marketing?
Who is the Democrats ' frontrunner?
What does BRADLEY-PRESIDENT _ Former New Jersey Sen. Bill Bradley tell a Democratic candidate for president would offer a ``a fresh start'' after the Clinton administration?
What do tV-TOUR _ Another dispatch from?
What (will move in the ``a'' category? )
What do SALMON-CLINTON _ is preparing to announce a major effort to save salmon runs up and down the West Coast?
What (will move in the ``f'' category? )
What did Bradley say ``I think I have''?
What do BKN-THIEL-COLUMN _?
Who was once an all-star forward with the New York Knicks?
Who officially becomes a Democratic candidate for president?
Who tells a Seattle luncheon a Democratic candidate for president would offer a ``a fresh start'' after the Clinton administration?
Who does BRADLEY-PRESIDENT _ Former New Jersey Sen. Bill Bradley officially become?
What _ Another dispatch from the Television Critic Association's winter get-together?
What plans to move the following stories for clients of the NYTimes News Service for editions of Wednesday and thereafter?
What is Bradley a symbol of?
What does BRADLEY-PRESIDENT _ Former New Jersey Sen. Bill Bradley tell a Seattle luncheon after?
What does BRADLEY-PRESIDENT _ Former New Jersey Sen. Bill Bradley tell a Seattle luncheon a Democratic candidate for president would offer a ``a fresh start'' after?
What did Bradley say ``I think''?
Who did Bradley say ``think I have a shot''?
What will (Story move? )
What is the plan drawing criticism from?
Who calls the Democrats ' frontrunner a politician ``who has played cautious his whole life''?
What was Bradley?
When is Jan. 13?
What is drawing criticism from the left and the right?
Who tells a Seattle luncheon he would offer a ``a fresh start'' after the Clinton administration?
Whose frontrunner is Vice President Al Gore?
What does BRADLEY-PRESIDENT _ Former New Jersey Sen. Bill Bradley tell he would offer a ``a fresh start'' after the Clinton administration?
What does BRADLEY-PRESIDENT _ Former New Jersey Sen. Bill Bradley tell a Seattle luncheon he would offer'' after the Clinton administration?
What is Bradley?
What do BKN-VECSEY-COLUMN _ at?
Who is a symbol of the status quo?
What does BRADLEY-PRESIDENT _ Former New Jersey Sen. Bill Bradley tell a Seattle luncheon he would offer a ``a fresh start'' after?
What will (Story move in? )
What (has moved in the ``e'' category? )
What (will move in the ``s'' category? )
What do BKN-VECSEY-COLUMN _ While Michael Jordan was beating NBA opponents at every turn, he gained too?
What does BKN-JORDAN-NBA _ Michael Jordan's retirement change in the NBA?
What (will move in the ``w'' category? )
What is Vice President Al Gore?
Who do BKN-VECSEY-COLUMN _ While Michael Jordan was beating NBA opponents at every turn, gained their respect too?
What has (Story moved in? )
What changes the competitive landscape in the NBA?
Who do I not want to say 're bored?
When did Howard Schultz say the partnership also gives Starbucks the foothold?
What did Americans think if we made better products, people would buy?
Who was formerly of Portland-based Stash Teas?
Who does not want to say they 're bored?
What have spent most of the 1990s watching themselves get almost totally eclipsed by their highly caffeinated brethren?
When did starbucks remain largely mum on its plans?
Who was Wendy Rasmussen?
What did we think if we made better products, would buy them?
What did they embrace espresso drinks with looking like an also-ran?
What did they embrace with an enthusiasm that left the quietly prospering tea market looking like an also-ran?
Who did the brand quickly become one of?
What did Simrany say of an overall annual tea market of $4. 5 billion, specialty tea sales accounted for last year?
Who bet on the fact that the tea category was not price sensitive?
What was Ore.?
What was the highly respected, quirky tea maker Tazo of?
What was Founder Steven Smith?
When have U. S. tea makers spent most watching themselves get almost totally eclipsed by their highly caffeinated brethren?
What did Founder Steven Smith draw on years of experience in the industry to create a line of?
What quickly became one of the major players in the specialty tea market?
What do we bet on?
When are looking for the next new beverage?
What was Wendy Rasmussen?
What does it's not one of?
What does this purchase's not one of?
What did starbucks remain largely mum on this week?
What did he say also gives Starbucks the foothold it has sought for years in the specialty tea market?
What was the Tea Association?
What did he say's double the figures of a decade ago?
What was Tazo born five years ago in the midst of America's blossoming love affair with?
Who did Howard Schultz say Tea sales made up only 1 percent of?
What has SEATTLE- The nation's tea industry seen?
When did he say the partnership also gives Starbucks the foothold?
What does instance's `? '
Who said in a telephone interview Monday afternoon, ``We initially thought we needed to change the way people perceived tea''?
When absorbed the stunning news that Seattle's gigantic java retailer plans to purchase the highly respected, quirky tea maker Tazo for an undisclosed amount of cash?
What did Founder Steven Smith draw on years of experience in the industry to create?
When do Howard Schultz not want to say 're bored?
Who embraced espresso drinks with an enthusiasm that left the quietly prospering tea market looking like an also-ran?
What was Founder Steven Smith formerly of?
Who said of an overall annual tea market of $4. 5 billion, specialty tea sales accounted for about $500 million last year?
What was a New York-based trade group?
Who was born five years ago in the midst of America's blossoming love affair with lattes?
Who did we think if we made better products, people would buy?
What did starbucks say only under?
When did Founder Steven Smith draw to create a line of high-quality, high-priced products that stood out both for their funky marketing and distinct flavors?
Who was Joe Simerini?
What did Howard Schultz say also gives Starbucks the foothold it has sought for years in the specialty tea market?
What did Simrany say's double the figures of a decade ago?
Who does it pretty much tell?
Who do not want to say last year 're bored?
What pretty much tells you?
What was of Portland?
What do Americans bet on?
What has seen its great, shining hope?
What does this purchase's?
Who did Howard Schultz say Tea sales made up?
What does that's going to be?
What was Joe Simerini president of?
What did Americans think?
Who was Calif. -based American Premium Tea Institute?
Who said only that it planned to develop new products under the Tazo name and possibly create a new retail format around the brand?
What's practically cause for celebration in the universe of tea brewing?
Who slowly clued in to the joys of herbal infusions and the fine nuances of specialty tea blends?
Who said only that this week planned to develop new products under the Tazo name and possibly create a new retail format around the brand?
What's not one of those gray things?
What did Smith say in, ``We initially thought we needed to change the way people perceived tea''?
What does it's `? '
What does SEATTLE- The nation's tea industry think?
Who do other specialty tea makers include?
What did Smith say in a telephone interview Monday afternoon, ``Americans initially thought''?
What are they looking for?
What do I not want to say?
What did Americans think if we made better products, would buy them?
Who drew on years of experience in the industry to create a line of high-quality, high-priced products that stood out both for their funky marketing and distinct flavors?
What was Tazo born five years ago in with lattes?
What did Howard Schultz say made up only 1 percent of that total, chief executive?
What was Portland?
What did we think?
What does that's practically cause for celebration in?
Who was a bit more skeptical?
Who said, ``The significance of this marriage is gigantic for the world of specialty tea''?
What did starbucks alone report?
What did Simrany say of an overall annual tea market of $4. 5 billion, accounted for about $500 million last year?
Who remained largely mum on the significance of this marriage's plans this week?
Who did the brand quickly become?
Who was executive director of the Long Beach?
What are last year looking for?
When did he say the partnership also gives Starbucks the foothold it has sought?
What thinks it might be Starbucks Coffee Co.?
Who said that's double the figures of a decade ago?
What did Americans slowly clue in to?
What did Tuesday absorb?
What's going to be a shame?
Who said the partnership also gives Starbucks the foothold it has sought for years in the specialty tea market?
What did it absorb?
Who thought if we made better products, people would buy them?
What do Howard Schultz not want to say?
Who said in a telephone interview Monday afternoon, ``Americans initially thought we needed to change the way people perceived tea''?
What was Wendy Rasmussen executive director of?
Who said?
Where was Tazo born five years ago with lattes?
What absorbed the stunning news that Seattle's gigantic java retailer plans to purchase the highly respected, quirky tea maker Tazo for an undisclosed amount of cash?
What describes as one that the specialty tea market emphasizes the quality and integrity of the ingredients?
What does that's practically cause for in the universe of tea brewing?
Who noted?
What did Americans embrace espresso drinks with looking like an also-ran?
Who remained largely mum on its plans this week?
Who gives the company a proven brand with a built-in cache?
What do I not want to say 're bored?
When did Howard Schultz say the partnership also gives Starbucks the foothold it has sought?
What did Howard Schultz say the partnership also gives Starbucks the foothold has sought for years in the specialty tea market?
What does it's?
What did we think if we made better products, people would buy?
Who did Americans think if we made better products, people would buy?
Who alone reported $1. 1 billion in retail sales for fiscal 1998?
What did he say the partnership also gives Starbucks the foothold has sought for years in the specialty tea market?
Who does SEATTLE- The nation's tea industry think it might be?
When have U. S. tea makers spent watching themselves get almost totally eclipsed by their highly caffeinated brethren?
What did Smith say in, ``Americans initially thought we needed to change the way people perceived tea''?
Who are looking for the next new beverage?
Who have U. S. tea makers spent most of the 1990s watching themselves get almost totally eclipsed by?
Who was president of the Tea Association?
When did starbucks remain largely mum on the significance of this marriage's plans?
What embraced espresso drinks with an enthusiasm that left the quietly prospering tea market looking like an also-ran?
What include Bigelow, Twinings and the Republic of Tea?
Who said, ``I think people have reached their limit with coffee in terms of their experience with it''?
What are looking for the next new beverage?
What does the Tea Association describe as?
What did Simrany say of, specialty tea sales accounted for about $500 million last year?
What's ` What's the next thing? '
What did Americans embrace with an enthusiasm that left the quietly prospering tea market looking like an also-ran?
What did Smith say in a telephone interview Monday afternoon, ``We initially thought''?
Who said Tea sales made up only 1 percent of that total, chief executive?
What did she say, ``I think with''?
What have U. S. tea makers spent most of the 1990s watching get almost totally eclipsed by their highly caffeinated brethren?
When did Simrany say of an overall annual tea market of $4. 5 billion, specialty tea sales accounted for about $500 million?
Who have U. S. tea makers spent most of the 1990s watching get almost totally eclipsed by their highly caffeinated brethren?
What does SEATTLE- The nation's tea industry think might be Starbucks Coffee Co.?
Who does Joe have?
What did a cultural review that will be sold in the 2,000 Starbucks stores sprinkle across the United States and Canada as liberally as the chocolate powder on?
Who used Starbucks almost like a character in the movie?
Who was Scott Mowbray the managing editor of?
Who said, ``We are not inviting comparisons to anyone''?
Who said, ``Our distribution costs are zero''?
Who did she use Starbucks almost like?
What did Long add that producing a magazine for a chain that already provides distribution eliminates?
Who has natural advertisers?
Who was the managing editor of Joe?
Who would not say what writers already had delivered pieces for Joe?
Who did Nora Ephron use Starbucks almost like?
Where will the magazine's subtitle be ``Life is Interesting''?
What will the first 84-page issue cost?
What has NEW YORK _ Time Inc. joined with Starbucks responsible for caffeinating seven million Americans every week?
Who did Nora Ephron use almost like a character in the movie?
What was incredible?
What did Long add that producing eliminates all the costs of building circulation?
What is Starbucks?
Who is David L. Long?
What is he in?
What has coffee been the centerpiece of conversation for?
What would Schultz not say?
What does Starbucks already have?
What sprinkled across the United States and Canada as liberally as the chocolate powder on top of a double-mocha cappuccino grande?
When will about 400,000 copies of the first 84-page issue arrive in Starbucks stores?
What did Howard Schultz say: ``Starbucks has emerged as''?
What is David L. Long not as interested in as he is in circulation?
What added that producing a magazine for a chain that already provides distribution eliminates all the costs of building circulation?
Who did Howard Schultz say: ``has emerged as the third place''?
What is the magazine's subtitle the true extension of?
If that sounds similar to the subtitle for Tina Brown's Talk _ hers is, what did Mowbray say?
What is it the true extension of?
Who was Howard Schultz the chief executive of?
What will the magazine's subtitle be ``Life is Interesting'' to?
Who is Time Inc. a unit of?
Who is the coffeehouse giant?
What is David L. Long in?
Who was the chief executive of Starbucks?
Who was Howard Schultz?
Who is president of media sales and marketing at Time Inc.?
Who said: ``Starbucks has emerged as the third place''?
Who is in circulation?
When is the magazine's subtitle?
If that sounds similar to the subtitle for Tina Brown's Talk _ hers is ``The American Conversation'' _, what did Mowbray say?
When is Time Inc.?
Who wrote?
Who said that his editorial goal was to replicate the ideas and the conversation one encounters in a coffeehouse?
What did a cultural review that will be sold in the 2,000 Starbucks stores sprinkle across as liberally as the chocolate powder on top of a double-mocha cappuccino grande?
What did David L. Long refer to?
What has General Motors signed up for several pages of advertising in?
What is the true extension of people's front porch?
When is it?
What has NEW YORK _ Time Inc. joined forces with?
Who did she use almost like a character in the movie?
What did Long add?
What will be ``Life is Interesting'' to that end?
Where did a cultural review that will be sold in the 2,000 Starbucks stores sprinkle across the United States and Canada as liberally as the chocolate powder?
How many copies of the first 84-page issue will arrive in Starbucks stores in June?
When are three bimonthly issues planned?
What has been the centerpiece of conversation for hundreds of years?
What can we sell a copy and a half a day in?
Who is not as interested in conversation as he is in circulation?
What has signed up for several pages of advertising in the first issue?
Who was Scott Mowbray?
Who already has alliances with United Airlines, Barnes & Noble and the Starwood hotel chain?
Who can sell a copy and a half a day in each of their stores?
What is not affiliated?
What will arrive in Starbucks stores in June?
Who directed?
What did he refer to?
Who referred to the movie?
How many bimonthly issues are planned for this year?
What did Scott Mowbray say?
What has coffee been for hundreds of years?
Who would not say what he said he had spoken to Garry Trudeau and Nora Ephron about contributing?
What has General Motors signed up for in the first issue?
What are planned for this year?
Who is a unit of Time Warner Inc.?
What will about 400,000 copies of the first 84-page issue arrive in in June?
Who would Schultz not say to?
When has joined forces with Starbucks responsible for caffeinating seven million Americans every week?
What did Long add that producing a magazine for a chain that already provides distribution eliminates all the costs of?
What has coffee been the centerpiece of for hundreds of years?
If that sounds similar to the subtitle for Tina Brown's Talk _ hers is ``The American Conversation'' _ it is purely coincidental, who said?
Who do people do inside?
What is David L. Long president of at Time Inc.?
What do inside Starbucks?
What will cost $3?
Who said, ``We are building a truly enduring global brand''?
What are 500 stores still growing are still putting up very good numbers?
What does the company have?
What did Chief Executive Officer Howard Schultz tout in bringing the company's brand of coffeehouse culture to the rest of the planet?
What did Schultz note?
What owned 1,688 stores in 32 states It is projected to have 2,336 stores by the end of 1999 at year end?
What did room flash on behind him?
How many stores in Pacific Rim countries such as Japan, Taiwan, Thailand and New Zealand does the company already have?
What did Schultz take?
Who joined Kraft Foods in a licensing agreement to market at the end of the fourth quarter?
Who promises you ``We are going to have much''?
What did Starbucks join Kraft Foods in to market at the end of the fourth quarter?
What is the aggressive expansion program fueling the company's steady growth in revenues and earnings with?
What does Schultz put a premium on in which tribute operates?
How many stores are still growing stores that have been there for a long time are still putting up very good numbers?
What did Starbucks join Kraft Foods in to sell its beans at supermarkets around the nation at the end of the fourth quarter?
Who said Behar has been at the heart of Starbucks corporate culture?
Who said, ``We have less than 5 percent of the overall coffee market in America''?
Who puts a premium on nurturing relationships with both employees and the communities in which tribute operates?
What continues in the United States as well?
What are you a probably quite a ways from saturation for?
What was Kraft Foods?
What does Schultz put a premium on in which it operates?
Who are still growing stores that have been there for a long time are still putting up very good numbers?
What did Schultz say to starbucks ' global juggernaut is on track with plans this year to open 500 stores around the world?
Who has been overseeing the company's expansion overseas?
What does the company's expansion program continue in as well?
What are they still growing are still putting up very good numbers?
Who did Schultz say has tapped the Pepsi-Cola Co.'s ``ubiquitous distribution power'' to sell its Frappuccino blended coffee beverage which leads the ready-to-drink coffee category?
What did Starbucks join Kraft Foods in a licensing agreement to market at?
Who agreed?
What did Schultz note that the company enjoys?
Whose prediction for revenues from Frappuccino: ``500 stores believe Frappuccino will be bigger than Starbucks is today?''
When did Chief Executive Officer Howard Schultz stand before a happy house of shareholders?
What has a beachhead been established in Europe with?
Who said it is a culture?
What will the split be in for shareholders of record on March 5?
What does the company already have?
What did Schultz say tribute is?
Who said, ``There are probably selected markets where you have an abundance of coffee vendors''?
Who is a probably quite a ways from saturation for most of the country?
What did Schultz say Starbucks has tapped?
What did Starbucks join Kraft Foods in a licensing agreement to sell its beans at at the end of the fourth quarter?
What did Schultz say it is?
When was the margin for 1998 unchanged at 8. 8 percent?
What did Schultz say is a culture?
When did starbucks close at $52. 375?
When did the company own 1,688 stores in 32 states at year end?
What did Chief Executive Officer Howard Schultz stand before Tuesday?
Who took a shot at those who might think that Starbucks cannot sustain such growth over the long term?
What did net revenues rise from $975. 4 million in fiscal 1997 to?
What does the report go on to note by as the store concentration has increased?''
What did Starbucks join Kraft Foods in a licensing agreement to distribute at?
What are they still growing stores that have been there for a long time are still putting up?
What have grown or maintained a steady pace since 1994 with the exception of 1996 when a South America freeze cause coffee prices to spike?
What were 32 states the District of?
When does Howard Behar plan to retire?
Who joined Kraft Foods in a licensing agreement to distribute at the end of the fourth quarter?
Where did Starbucks join Kraft Foods in a licensing agreement to sell its beans at supermarkets around the nation?
What goes on to note that the company ``has experienced a certain level of cannibalization of existing stores by new stores as the store concentration has increased?''
Where did Starbucks join Kraft Foods in a licensing agreement to market?
What is the continued growth in same store sales?
Who touted the progress in bringing the company's brand of coffeehouse culture to the rest of the planet?
What does Schultz put on nurturing relationships with both employees and the communities in which it operates?
What is fueling the company's steady growth in revenues and earnings with about 84 percent of net revenues coming from the retail stores?
Who was Inc.?
What flashed on a huge screen behind him?
What will be in the form of a stock dividend payable on March 19 for shareholders of record on March 5?
Who plans to retire this year?
Who was John Rogers?
What do I promise you ?
Who said Starbucks has tapped the Pepsi-Cola Co.'s ``ubiquitous distribution power'' to sell its Frappuccino blended coffee beverage which leads the ready-to-drink coffee category?
What came from a Pentagon situation?
What has Howard Behar been overseeing overseas?
When did Schultz note that the company enjoys the highest degree with the average customer coming in 18 times a month?
What did the company own 1,688 stores in 32 states is projected to have 2,336 stores by the end of 1999 at year end?
What did Starbucks join Kraft Foods in to distribute at the end of the fourth quarter?
What is the aggressive expansion program fueling with about 84 percent of net revenues coming from the retail stores?
What is the evidence of that?
Who said, ``500 stores have less than 5 percent of the overall coffee market in America''?
What were the District of Columbia, four Canadian provinces and the U. K.?
How many stores in 32 states did the company own It is projected to have 2,336 stores by the end of 1999 at year end?
What has big plans to continue leveraging that loyalty to its brand built so carefully at the retail coffee shops?
What does Schultz put on nurturing relationships with both employees and the communities in which tribute operates?
Who joined Kraft Foods in a licensing agreement to sell its beans at supermarkets around the nation at the end of the fourth quarter?
What are you for most of the country?
What already has 100 stores in Pacific Rim countries such as Japan, Taiwan, Thailand and New Zealand?
When is the CEO's prediction for revenues from Frappuccino: ``500 stores believe Frappuccino will be bigger than Starbucks?''
Who puts a premium on nurturing relationships with both employees and the communities in which it operates?
What are still growing stores that have been there for a long time are still putting up very good numbers?
What were 32 states?
What did Behar say: ``Starbucks set out to be a bridge among peoples and among cultures of''?
Who will the split be in the form of a stock dividend payable on March 19 for?
Whose prediction for revenues from Frappuccino: ``We believe Frappuccino will be bigger than Starbucks is today?''
Who do I promise you ``are going to have much''?
What has a beachhead been established in with the acquisition last May of the Seattle Coffee Co. in the United Kingdom?
Who was an analyst for D. A. Davidson & Co. in Portland?
Where did Starbucks join Kraft Foods in a licensing agreement to distribute?
How many states were the District of Columbia, four Canadian provinces and the U. K.?
When is the CEO's prediction for revenues from Frappuccino: ``We believe Frappuccino will be bigger than Starbucks?''
What are 500 stores still growing stores that have been there for a long time are still putting up?
Who did Starbucks join in a licensing agreement to sell its beans at supermarkets around the nation at the end of the fourth quarter?
When did the company own 1,688 stores in 32 states It is projected to have 2,336 stores by the end of 1999?
Who is the CEO's prediction for revenues from Frappuccino: ``500 stores believe than today?''
What did Starbucks join Kraft Foods in a licensing agreement to sell at supermarkets around the nation at the end of the fourth quarter?
What did the company own It is projected to have 2,336 stores by the end of 1999 at year end?
What did Starbucks join Kraft Foods in a licensing agreement to sell its beans at supermarkets around the nation at?
Who said: ``Starbucks set out to be a bridge among peoples and among cultures of the overseas expansion''?
Who was him?
Where does the company's expansion program continue as well?
Who stood before a happy house of shareholders Tuesday?
Who did Schultz say has been at the heart of Starbucks corporate culture?
Who said tribute is a culture?
Who did room flash on a huge screen behind?
What was unchanged from 1997 at 8. 8 percent?
What did Schultz say at?
What did Schultz say Behar has been at?
Who did Starbucks join in a licensing agreement to distribute at the end of the fourth quarter?
What has increased?
What did starbucks close yesterday at?
Who was Starbucks Corp.?
What was the margin for 1998 unchanged from 1997 at?
Who did Starbucks join in a licensing agreement to market at the end of the fourth quarter?
What did Behar say: ``Starbucks set out to be among peoples and among cultures of the overseas expansion''?
Who do I promise ``We are going to have much''?
Who noted that the company enjoys the highest degree of frequency of any retail store in America with the average customer coming in 18 times a month?
Who was in paying tribute to Howard Behar?
What did maps looking like they come from?
What has been established in Europe with the acquisition last May of the Seattle Coffee Co. in the United Kingdom?
Who closed yesterday at $52. 375?
Who did Behar say: ``set out to be a bridge among peoples and among cultures of the overseas expansion''?
Who is the CEO's prediction for revenues from Frappuccino: ``We believe than today?''
What is today?''
What are planned for big cities?
Who is Starbucks Coffee?
Who do I promise you ``are going to have much''?
What does the company have?
What did Starbucks Chief Executive Howard Schultz stand before?
What is average income?
What has opened nine Austin locations since coming to town four years ago?
What does the company tapped Pepsi-Cola Co. to sell its Frappuccino blended coffee beverage lead?
Who might get some strange looks?
What may Starbucks never make it to?
What leads the ready-to-drink coffee category?
Who is adding 500 stores this year?
Who did starbucks also join in a licensing agreement to market?
Who is maker of the big-named bean juices like those?
What is Starbucks Coffee maker of?
What said Schultz?
What looks at a number of demographic factors?
Who promises you ``We are going to have much''?
What did starbucks also join Kraft Foods in a licensing agreement to sell its beans at?
How many stores worldwide does the company have?
Who was Inc.?
What still may be felt there?
What does the company look at?
Who did starbucks also join in a licensing agreement to distribute?
What did the company tapped say Schultz?
Who did starbucks also join in a licensing agreement to sell its beans at supermarkets around the nation?
What do I promise you ?
What has the Seattle-based company opened since coming to town four years ago?
What determines where to place a new Starbucks?
Who may never make the company to the Panhandle or the small towns of East Texas?
Who stood before a happy house of shareholders in Seattle?
What's because while Starbucks Coffee is adding 500 stores this year, most are planned for big cities?
What does the company tapped lead the ready-to-drink coffee category?
What did starbucks also join Kraft Foods in to sell its beans at supermarkets around the nation?
Who said, ``We have less than 5 percent of the overall coffee market in America''?
What did starbucks also join Kraft Foods in to distribute?
Who did the company tapped Pepsi-Cola Co. to sell its Frappuccino blended coffee beverage say?
How many Austin locations has the Seattle-based company opened since coming to town four years ago?
Who may never make it to the Panhandle or the small towns of East Texas?
What was Kraft Foods?
What is average age?
What might you get?
What did starbucks also join Kraft Foods in to market?
Who do I promise ``We are going to have much''?
What has El Paso made?
Where may Starbucks never make it?
Who also joined Kraft Foods in a licensing agreement to market?
What may Starbucks never make the company to?
Who touted the company's progress in bringing its coffeehouse culture to the rest of the planet?
What did Starbucks Chief Executive Howard Schultz tout in bringing its coffeehouse culture to the rest of the planet?
Where may Starbucks never make the company?
What are most planned for?
What did starbucks also join Kraft Foods in a licensing agreement to sell at supermarkets around the nation?
Who also joined Kraft Foods in a licensing agreement to distribute?
What has 2,000 stores worldwide?
Who also joined Kraft Foods in a licensing agreement to sell its beans at supermarkets around the nation?
What has made the cut?
What may Starbucks never make to the Panhandle or the small towns of East Texas?
What will it begin offering?
When has Davis spent at PepsiCo's Frito-Lay unit, most recently as head of Hostess Frito-Lay Canada?
Who said the move ``represents our commitment to building a major consumer products business'' around ``an enduring global brand?''
What did Schultz note?
What will begin offering a new package of of coffees from Guatemala, Costa Rica and Brazil?
Who will he report to?
What also said it will share revenue with CARE from its first month's sale of a new package of coffees from Latin America?
Who becomes president of consumer products for Starbucks?
Who is chief operating officer?
Who does he become?
Who said this sample represents the country's best?
Who does Paul Davis become?
What did Mary Williams say this sample represents?
What has just introduced a line of premium chocolates in its stores?
What will the new division take over?
Who noted the company's success in extending the Starbucks brand?
Who is Orin Smith?
When did the company have 2,192 stores?
What is also notable in that it is the first time Starbucks has offered single-origin coffee from Brazil?
Who said that Starbucks coffee has been improving?
What did it also say will share revenue with CARE from its first month's sale of a new package of coffees from Latin America?
Who was senior vice president for coffee?
What does Paul Davis become president of?
What did starbucks also say?
What did it also say it will share with CARE from its first month's sale of a new package of coffees from Latin America?
What did a new a consumer products division also say with?
Who will report to Starbucks ' president and chief operating officer?
What did SEATTLE _ Starbucks Coffee Co. announce for its specialty ice cream, bottled coffee drinks and other products sold away from its own shops?
What did she say represents the country's best?
What will the company donate?
What did SEATTLE _ Starbucks Coffee Co. announce a new a consumer products division for?
Who announced a new a consumer products division for its specialty ice cream, bottled coffee drinks and other products sold away from its own shops?
What had 2,192 stores on March 28?
Who was the sample?
What did Mary Williams say?
Whose president and chief operating officer will he report to?
What does he become president of?
Who did Mary Williams say had not been impressed with the overall quality of coffee from Brazil?
What will it begin offering a new package of of?
What also continues in its commitment as a major donor to CARE?
Who has spent 14 years at PepsiCo's Frito-Lay unit, most recently as head of Hostess Frito-Lay Canada?
What had it opened in the previous half-year?
What did a new a consumer products division also say it will share revenue with CARE from?
What did she say?
Who said she had not been impressed with the overall quality of coffee from Brazil?
Who will Paul Davis report to?
What did the company have on March 28?
What did Mary Williams say with?
What will the company begin offering a new package of of?
What has the company just introduced in its stores?
What has Davis spent 14 years at as head of Hostess Frito-Lay Canada?
What are all?
What was a heavy-bodied, low-acid variety called Ipanema Bourbon?
What did the company make no announcement about?
What had the company opened in the previous half-year?
Who will the company's new division be headed by?
How many stores did the company have on March 28?
What will donate $1 per package sold through May 11?
What will take over business that already brought in $206 million last year, or almost 16 percent of the company's total sales?
What did it also say it will share revenue with CARE from?
What has the company just introduced a line of in its stores?
What will it donate?
What had it opened 309 in?
What has most of a new a consumer products division been with Kraft Foods Inc.?
What does the company also continue in?
What has most of it been with Kraft Foods Inc.?
What did it also say with?
What did starbucks also say Monday its revenue was up?
Who said that it has been improving?
Who said, ``We are in the early stages of this business?''
What will be headed by Paul Davis?
What did she say this sample represents?
What did Mary Williams say she had not been impressed with?
Who was Mary Williams?
Whose president and chief operating officer will Paul Davis report to?
What had opened 309 in the previous half-year?
What made no announcement about any other channel of distibution?
What did Mary Williams say represents the country's best?
What had the company opened 309 in?
What has the company just introduced a line of premium chocolates in?
What are countries that grow coffee for Starbucks?
What did it also say it will share revenue with from its first month's sale of a new package of coffees from Latin America?
How many years has Davis spent at PepsiCo's Frito-Lay unit, most recently as head of Hostess Frito-Lay Canada?
What will the company begin offering?
What did Starbucks Chairman Howard Schultz say?''
What did the company make?
What has Davis spent 14 years at PepsiCo's Frito-Lay unit, most recently as?
Who did Raphael soon find in his own nightmare?
Who broke the color line in baseball?
Where did director Stanley Kubrick want to move the action from turn-of-the-century Vienna?
What is a common complaint?
Who was a magazine sold exclusively in Starbucks stores?
What do Time's editors say looked at people who liberated a segment of society?
What does &QR; JUNGLE JANE: Robyn Burnham lead?
What. . . superstar Shania Twain?
What did he want to move from turn-of-the-century Vienna to contemporary New York?
What did Kubrick want the script for?
Who is the only man I 've known who truly was?
What did Kubrick want for ``Eyes Wide Shut'' to be unmistakably his?
What did Jackie Robinson break?
What did Kubrick want to adapt an Austrian novel about a devoted couple whose lives spin off into in which there are separately propositioned?
Who wanted the script for ``Eyes Wide Shut'' to be unmistakably his?
What voted the Rolling Stones ' ``No Security Tour'' as worst of 1999 in the magazine's second annual entertainment poll?
What does Henry Aaron write about Jackie Robinson, and avid soccer fan in the final installment of 20 nominees?
What is Jackie Robinson the only man I 've known?
Who does Henry Aaron write about Henry Kissinger offers his views on Pele in the final installment of 20 nominees?
Who does Kent Black follow deep into Ecuador's heart of darkness in search of medicinal plants in an intriguing profile in the second issue of Women?
Who O ` Briant writes for the Atlanta Journal-Constitution?
Who did director Stanley Kubrick ask to work with him on a script in 1994?
What is produced under a joint agreement with Starbucks and Time Inc.?
Who wanted to adapt an Austrian novel about a devoted couple whose lives spin off into an erotic nightmare at a masquerade ball in which they are separately propositioned?
What do scientists acknowledge that living is not a realistic goal?
What did Kubrick want to adapt an Austrian novel about a devoted couple whose lives spin off into in which they are separately propositioned?
What did Raphael soon find himself in?
What do scientists acknowledge that living a stress-free life is not?
What does John Brodie write the elder Meyers was?
What. . . drag supermodel RuPaul in the June issue?
What do Time's editors say they looked at?
When is &QR; SHAGADELIC: The publicity machine for ``The Spy Who Shagged Me'' running?
What did director Stanley Kubrick ask Frederic Raphael to work with him on?
Who do. . . Jezebel profiles drag in the June issue?
What does it's more than?
Who asked Frederic Raphael to work with him on a script in 1994?
Who was Second?
Who is the only man Henry Kissinger 've known who truly was?
Who is a magazine designed to stimulate coffeehouse conversation?
What is cranked?
Who does Raphael describe director Stanley Kubrick's experiences with?
Whose background does the more balanced GQ profile delve into as the son of an Encyclopaedia Brittanica salesman who died tragically after being diagnosed with Alzheimer's?
Who writes, ``They say certain people are bigger than life''?
What did Helen Keller demolish old notions about?
Who dared to put himself on the ballot as an openly gay candidate?
What does stress's more than?
What is slick?
What delves into Meyers ' background as the son of an Encyclopaedia Brittanica salesman who died tragically after being diagnosed with Alzheimer's?
What do scientists acknowledge?
Who writes, ``that say certain people are bigger than life''?
What did Helen Keller demolish about the blind and deaf?
What did director Stanley Kubrick want to move the action from turn-of-the-century Vienna to?
What did &QR; QUICK READS: The readers of Jane vote the Rolling Stones ' ``No Security Tour'' as?
What do. . . Jezebel profiles drag supermodel RuPaul in?
What did Harvey Milk dare to put himself on as an openly gay candidate?
Who said?
Who does John Brodie write was a major influence on his son's sense of humor?
Who say they looked at people who liberated a segment of society?
Who writes the elder Meyers was a major influence on his son's sense of humor?
What does Henry Aaron write about Jackie Robinson, and avid soccer fan Henry Kissinger offers in the final installment of 20 nominees?
What does the more balanced GQ profile delve into as the son of an Encyclopaedia Brittanica salesman who died tragically after being diagnosed with Alzheimer's?
Where did he want to move the action from turn-of-the-century Vienna?
When is &QR; SHAGADELIC: The publicity machine for ``The Spy Who Shagged director Stanley Kubrick'' running?
Who soon found himself in his own nightmare?
What did director Stanley Kubrick want to move from turn-of-the-century Vienna to contemporary New York?
Who describes his experiences with the temperamental director in The New Yorker?
Who has launched Joe?
What did Kubrick want to adapt an Austrian novel about spin off into an erotic nightmare at a masquerade ball in which there are separately propositioned?
Whose own nightmare did Raphael soon find himself in?
What do suggested treatments include?
Who asked?
Who demolished old notions about the blind and deaf?
What does Kent Black follow the 42-year-old Burnham deep into Ecuador's heart of darkness in search of medicinal plants in?
What does Raphael describe with the temperamental director in The New Yorker?
What was the thinking behind Time's ``Person of the Century'' project?
What do experts say in?
Who acknowledge that living a stress-free life is not a realistic goal?
What is little more than an unabashed plug for the film?
What was Joe?
What does Henry Aaron write about Jackie Robinson, and avid soccer fan Henry Kissinger offers his views on Pele in?
Who did Harvey Milk dare to put himself on the ballot as?
What did he want to move the action from to contemporary New York?
Who is Jackie Robinson the only man 've known who truly was?
What does Aaron write, ``that say than''?
Who does Henry Aaron write about Jackie Robinson, and avid soccer fan offers his views on Pele in the final installment of 20 nominees?
Who follows the 42-year-old Burnham deep into Ecuador's heart of darkness in search of medicinal plants in an intriguing profile in the second issue of Women?
What did Kubrick want to adapt about a devoted couple whose lives spin off into an erotic nightmare at a masquerade ball in which they are separately propositioned?
Who does the more balanced GQ profile delve into Meyers ' background as?
What is Jackie Robinson the only man Henry Kissinger 've known?
Who describes director Stanley Kubrick's experiences with the temperamental director in The New Yorker?
When was Lilith Fair?
What is stress?
What did Kubrick want to adapt an Austrian novel about spin off into an erotic nightmare at a masquerade ball in which they are separately propositioned?
What do Time's editors say at?
What did he want to move the action from turn-of-the-century Vienna to?
Who writes about Jackie Robinson, and avid soccer fan Henry Kissinger offers his views on Pele in the final installment of 20 nominees?
Who do Time's editors say looked at people who liberated a segment of society?
What is the magazine produced under?
Who is Jackie Robinson Henry Kissinger 've known who truly was?
Who wanted to move the action from turn-of-the-century Vienna to contemporary New York?
Who wanted to adapt an Austrian novel about a devoted couple whose lives spin off into an erotic nightmare at a masquerade ball in which there are separately propositioned?
What leads a swinging life?
Who did Harvey Milk dare to put on the ballot as an openly gay candidate?
Who does Raphael describe his experiences with?
What is Joe?
What is Jackie Robinson the only man?
What did Kubrick want to adapt about a devoted couple whose lives spin off into an erotic nightmare at a masquerade ball in which there are separately propositioned?
What does Aaron write, ``They say than''?
What is running at full speed?
What was that?
Who do. . . Jezebel profiles superstar?
Whose experiences does Raphael describe with the temperamental director in The New Yorker?
What did director Stanley Kubrick want to move the action from to contemporary New York?
Who has Starbucks launched?
What did &QR; QUICK READS: The readers of Jane vote as worst of 1999 in the magazine's second annual entertainment poll?
What include meditation, massage, exercise and structured group support?
Who did Raphael soon find in director Stanley Kubrick's own nightmare?
What takes an edgy look at trust in human relationships?
Who is Jackie Robinson I 've known who truly was?
What does much of the premiere issue take?
Who say in a Newsweek cover story?
Who did director Stanley Kubrick ask Frederic Raphael to work with on a script in 1994?
What does Kent Black follow the 42-year-old Burnham into in an intriguing profile in the second issue of Women?
What's more than an annoying byproduct of a frantic lifestyle?
What is the Entertainment Weekly article little more than?
Who soon found himself in director Stanley Kubrick's own nightmare?
Who _ Notebook items from Friday's game against San Francisco?
What 'll take a year for the area to recover from Thursday's gas pipeline rupture and explosion?
When does the lowest tide of the year occur when the salt water drops to minus 3. 5 feet annual high tide?
What did Johnson say there will be in Seattle, along with one of Johnson's multiplex movie theaters?
Who is the third victim?
Where did Johnson say?
Who said there will be more in Seattle, along with one of Johnson's multiplex movie theaters?
What did they open the latest in?
What are local maritime folks excited about?
What did he call back to report a wall of?
What 'll the watershed take a year for to recover from Thursday's gas pipeline rupture and explosion?
Where was he ordered via cell phone to check on a possible pipeline leak?
What looks like it's been coated with black paint for a stretch a mile and half long and 100 feet wide?
What did both 10-year-olds die early Friday morning in?
Who did C. gorlick by?
Who did STARBUCKS-JOHNSON _ Basketball legend Earvin ``Magic'' Johnson and Starbucks boss Howard Schultz bring their inner-city road show to?
What does it's been coated with?
What unfolded Friday morning at the elementary school Wade King and Stephen Tsiorvas attended?
Whose friends are parents and teachers?
What occurs Monday when the salt water drops to minus 3. 5 feet annual high tide?
What are minus 3. 5 feet followed by?
What's awfully impressive?
How many boys were remembered as mischevious and charming youngsters?
Who is an 18-year-old?
What did BLAST-VICTIMS _ A remarkably sad scene unfold Friday morning at the elementary school?
Who does the Seattle Post-Intelligencer plan to move the following for for editions of Saturday, June 12, and thereafter?
How many boys do their friends recall?
What _ How much shellfish should an urban shucker shun if an urban shucker should shun shellfish?
Who called back to report a wall of fire heading his way?
What did STARBUCKS-JOHNSON _ Basketball legend Earvin ``Magic'' Johnson and Starbucks boss Howard Schultz open in their 50-50 joint venture Starbucks Coffee stores?
Who is Liam Wood who just graduated from high school?
Who do their friends recall?
Who were the two boys remembered as?
Who opened the latest in their 50-50 joint venture Starbucks Coffee stores?
When 'll the watershed take for the area to recover from Thursday's gas pipeline rupture and explosion?
How many feet are followed by a plus 12. 5 foot?
What does the Seattle Post-Intelligencer plan to move the following for clients of the NYTimes News Service for?
What 'll the watershed take a year for the area to recover from?
Who does by heath?
When does BBO-MARINERS _ Seattle host the San Francisco Giants?
Who was ordered via cell phone to Whatcom Creek to check on a possible pipeline leak?
What's been coated with black paint?
What plans to move the following for clients of the NYTimes News Service for editions of Saturday, June 12, and thereafter?
What 'll it take a year for the area to recover from?
Whose friends recall the two boys?
What will (Story move in? )
What was he ordered via to Whatcom Creek to check on a possible pipeline leak?
Who Slivka by Scott?
When 'll it take for the area to recover from Thursday's gas pipeline rupture and explosion?
Who brought their inner-city road show to Seattle's Columbia City neighborhood Fridya?
Who was too late?
When did both 10-year-olds die in the explosion and fire that ripped through Bellingham Thursday?
What does bLAST-ENVIRONMENT _ Floating salmon fry, leafless trees, charred field mice and not a bird song in the air around?
What _ Floating salmon fry, leafless trees, charred field mice and not a bird song in the air around Whatcom Creek?
Who do sHELLFISH-HARVEST _ How much shellfish should shun if an urban shucker should shun shellfish?
What _ Column on the Mariners-Giants game?
What did STARBUCKS-JOHNSON _ Basketball legend Earvin ``Magic'' Johnson and Starbucks boss Howard Schultz open the latest in?
When died early Friday morning in the explosion and fire that ripped through Bellingham Thursday?
Who are parents and teachers?
What was too late?
What does the watershed's been coated with?
What's a nightmare?
What hosts the San Francisco Giants on Friday?
What are excited about it?
What do bBO-MARINERS-NOTEBOOK _ from Friday's game against San Francisco?
What are excited about the lowest tide of the year?
What does it's?
Who Gorlick by Arthur?
What is Liam Wood?
What does the lowest tide of the year's?
What does BBO-MARINERS _ Seattle host on Friday?
What did BLAST-VICTIMS _ A remarkably sad scene unfold Friday morning at Wade King and Stephen Tsiorvas attended?
Who recall the two boys?
What opened the latest in their 50-50 joint venture Starbucks Coffee stores?
How many boys do Sunde and Judd's friends recall?
What Heath Foster?
What did Johnson say there will be more in?
Who were remembered as mischevious and charming youngsters?
What did Johnson say in?
Who are Sunde and Judd's friends?
What (will move in the ``a'' category? )
What are followed by a plus 12. 5 foot?
Who did BLAST-VICTIMS _ A remarkably sad scene unfold Friday morning at the elementary school attended?
What does the Seattle Post-Intelligencer plan to move for clients of the NYTimes News Service for editions of Saturday, June 12, and thereafter?
What do bBO-MARINERS-NOTEBOOK _ Notebook items from?
Who are their friends?
What do sHELLFISH-HARVEST _?
Where did Johnson say there will be more?
What was he ordered via cell phone to to check on a possible pipeline leak?
What did STARBUCKS-JOHNSON _ Basketball legend Earvin ``Magic'' Johnson and Starbucks boss Howard Schultz bring to Seattle's Columbia City neighborhood Fridya?
What does the watershed look like it's been coated with black paint for?
Who do Sunde and Judd's friends recall?
What did they open in their 50-50 joint venture Starbucks Coffee stores?
What 'll it take a year for to recover from Thursday's gas pipeline rupture and explosion?
Who did Sunde and Judd slivka by?
What (will move in the ``s'' category? )
Who does bLAST-ENVIRONMENT _ around Whatcom Creek?
What do BBO-THIEL-COLUMN _ Column on?
What (will move in the ``f'' catetory)?
What will (Story move)?
What did he call back to report?
When did BLAST-VICTIMS _ A remarkably sad scene unfold at the elementary school Wade King and Stephen Tsiorvas attended?
Who said SEATTLE _ Basketball legend Earvin ``Magic'' Johnson and Starbucks boss Howard Schultz knew nothing about the charges and could not respond?
What did Johnson insist he runs?
What did Johnson say there will be in Seattle, along with one of Johnson's multiplex movie theaters?
Who was Michael and Michael Davis's stepbrother?
Where did Johnson say?
Who said there will be more in Seattle, along with one of Johnson's multiplex movie theaters?
What did his mom bring Michael and his stepbrother to to pick up his autograph?
Who was a Columbia City resident?
What did Michael Davis's mom bring Michael and his stepbrother to the store at the corner of Rainier Avenue South and South Edmunds Street to pick up autograph?
Who said that the millions of dollars he earned during his 13-year professional basketball career financed his businesses?
What did they open the latest in?
What did Johnson say giving pride to the community, bringing ``a first class'' retailer and supplying jobs are among?
What did Michael Davis's mom bring Michael and his stepbrother to to see Johnson?
What did his mom bring Michael and his stepbrother to to see Johnson?
What did SEATTLE _ Basketball legend Earvin ``Magic'' Johnson and Starbucks boss Howard Schultz say, ``Michael Davis hope into''?
What did Eaton say, ``It's too early to tell''?
Who earlier said that Starbucks stores ``enlarge the coffee-drinking community''?
Who turned out to catch a glimpse of the retired National Basketball Association superstar who became a top-flight business executive?
Who brought their inner-city road show to Seattle's Columbia City neighborhood Friday?
What welcomed the new Starbucks store?
What did Johnson say during?
What do SEATTLE _ Basketball legend Earvin ``Magic'' Johnson and Starbucks boss Howard Schultz want that's the best of?
Who have the best?
What did Eaton say, ``there's too early to tell''?
What do we want that's?
Who did his mom bring to the store at the corner of Rainier Avenue South and South Edmunds Street to see Johnson?
Who opened the latest in their 50-50 joint-venture Starbucks Coffee stores?
What did Johnson and Schultz say?
What is the retail mall?
Who said, ``there's too early to tell what the effect will be here''?
What did Michael Davis's mom bring Michael and his stepbrother to the store at the corner of Rainier Avenue South and South Edmunds Street to pick up?
What have Schultz's Seattle-based Starbucks Coffee Co. and Johnson's Los Angeles-based Johnson Development Corp. recently opened?
What was Forrest Britt?
Who said, ``I hope it will bring more businesses into Columbia City''?
What did Schultz say, ``I think''?
Where did Brenda Johnson agree that bringing the Starbucks store could bring jobs and other benefits?
What are movie theaters?
Who brought Michael and his stepbrother to the store at the corner of Rainier Avenue South and South Edmunds Street to pick up his autograph?
How many residents of the South Seattle Columbia City community turned out to catch a glimpse of the retired National Basketball Association superstar who became a top-flight business executive?
Where did SEATTLE _ Basketball legend Earvin ``Magic'' Johnson and Starbucks boss Howard Schultz bring their inner-city road show Friday?
What did his mom bring Michael and his stepbrother to the store at the corner of Rainier Avenue South and South Edmunds Street to pick up autograph?
Who did a Starbucks spokeswoman say?
Who agreed that bringing the Starbucks store to the neighborhood could bring jobs and other benefits?
Who insisted he runs his five-company empire?
Who have recently opened similar Starbucks coffee stores in West Los Angeles and New York's Harlem?
Whose Seattle-based Starbucks Coffee Co. and Johnson's Los Angeles-based Johnson Development Corp. have recently opened similar Starbucks coffee stores in West Los Angeles and New York's Harlem?
What is television?
Who did his mom bring Michael and his stepbrother to the store at the corner of Rainier Avenue South and South Edmunds Street to see?
Who did his mom bring to the store at the corner of Rainier Avenue South and South Edmunds Street to pick up his autograph?
Who brought Michael and his stepbrother to the store at the corner of Rainier Avenue South and South Edmunds Street to see Johnson?
Who said, ``Michael Davis hope controlling interest in a Los Angeles bank will bring more businesses into Columbia City''?
Who paused between making lattes to say she is ``disappointed'' that Starbucks will be a competitor at the year-old Lottie Motts Espresso Shop?
Whose mom was Sheree Davis?
What did she say, ``I think for''?
Who has the best?
What is a record label?
Who was Michael and his stepbrother?
Who did Michael Davis's mom bring to the store at the corner of Rainier Avenue South and South Edmunds Street to pick up his autograph?
What did his mom bring Michael and his stepbrother to the store at the corner of Rainier Avenue South and South Edmunds Street to pick up?
What was Michael Davis?
What did she say, ``I hope into''?
What did SEATTLE _ Basketball legend Earvin ``Magic'' Johnson and Starbucks boss Howard Schultz open the latest in?
Who was 5?
What do SEATTLE _ Basketball legend Earvin ``Magic'' Johnson and Starbucks boss Howard Schultz want that's?
What did Schultz earlier say?
What do we want that's the best of?
What is the concert and boxing promotion company?
What did Johnson say, ``We feel''?
What did Johnson insist?
What opened the latest in their 50-50 joint-venture Starbucks Coffee stores?
Who was Forrest Britt?
What did SEATTLE _ Basketball legend Earvin ``Magic'' Johnson and Starbucks boss Howard Schultz bring their inner-city road show to Friday?
What did Brenda Johnson agree that bringing the Starbucks store to the neighborhood could bring?
What did they open in their 50-50 joint-venture Starbucks Coffee stores?
What did Brenda Johnson agree that bringing to the neighborhood could bring jobs and other benefits?
What did Autumn Eaton pause between making lattes to say at the year-old Lottie Motts Espresso Shop?
What are a retail mall?
Who did Johnson insist runs his five-company empire?
Who said, ``I saw him on TV playing with Michael Jordan in the Olympics''?
What did not everyone welcome?
Who want that's the best of the best _?
Who want what everybody else wants?
What did Johnson say there will be more in?
Who said she knew nothing about the charges and could not respond?
What did Autumn Eaton pause between making lattes to say she is ``disappointed'' that Starbucks will be a competitor at?
Who said, ``I 'm a hands-on boss''?
Who said, ``We feel the community here deserves this''?
What did Johnson say in?
Who was his mom?
What did Brenda Johnson agree that bringing the Starbucks store to could bring jobs and other benefits?
Who was Sheree Davis?
What did Michael Davis's mom bring Michael and his stepbrother to to pick up his autograph?
Whose mom brought Michael and his stepbrother to the store at the corner of Rainier Avenue South and South Edmunds Street to pick up his autograph?
What do you have?
What did Schultz say, ``Michael Davis think''?
What do Michael Davis have?
What did SEATTLE _ Basketball legend Earvin ``Magic'' Johnson and Starbucks boss Howard Schultz open in their 50-50 joint-venture Starbucks Coffee stores?
Who was 6?
What did Johnson say that the millions of dollars he earned during his 13-year professional basketball career financed?
Where did Johnson say there will be more?
What do SEATTLE _ Basketball legend Earvin ``Magic'' Johnson and Starbucks boss Howard Schultz want?
Who did more than 200 residents of the South Seattle Columbia City community turn out to catch?
What did Johnson say to?
Whose mom brought Michael and his stepbrother to the store at the corner of Rainier Avenue South and South Edmunds Street to see Johnson?
Who said, ``I think this will mean jobs for the neighborhood and will help other businesses come in and help the area become stable''?
Who was Michael Davis's mom?
Who said giving pride to the community, bringing ``a first class'' retailer and supplying jobs are among his goals?
Where did Brenda Johnson agree?
Who did Michael Davis's mom bring to the store at the corner of Rainier Avenue South and South Edmunds Street to see Johnson?
What did Brenda Johnson agree to?
Who was Brenda Johnson?
What do we want?
Who did a Starbucks spokeswoman say knew nothing about the charges and could not respond?
Who did Michael Davis's mom bring Michael and his stepbrother to the store at the corner of Rainier Avenue South and South Edmunds Street to see?
What did Johnson say that the millions of dollars he earned during financed his businesses?
Who said, ``It's too early to tell what the effect will be here''?
What were addresses and buying histories?
What will Williams-Sonoma go alone for now?
Who did industry analysts say is a well-run company with a bright future on the Web and a relatively low valuation?
What did industry analysts say is a well-run company with a bright future on the Web and a relatively low valuation?
What do Starbucks and Williams-Sonoma seem?
What will go it alone for now?
Who said, ``the Williams-Sonoma's the same people who shop at Williams-Sonoma and the ideal demographic for patronizing cooking and epicureal type stuff on the Web''?
What did Company Chairman and Chief Executive OfficerHoward Lester decline yesterday to discuss?
Who said, ``Nothing is going on now''?
What does the San Francisco kitchen and housewares merchant own?
What did &LR; &QC; &lr; Unlike?
Who said it is a well-run company with a bright future on the Web and a relatively low valuation?
What has Williams-Sonoma just begun rolling out?
Who do not comment on those?
What has Williams-Sonoma already arranged to start selling over CondeNet's Epicurious. com site?
Who is an analyst with Hambrecht & Quist?
What &LR; Unlike its fancy blenders and armchairs, Williams-Sonoma Inc. apparently is not for sale?
What do we not comment on?
What &LR; So a lifestyle portal deal does make sense for Williams-Sonoma _?
Who did several sources name Starbucks Corp. as?
Who were partners?
What does Bonnie Kramer Tonneson value at closer to $3 billion, or $41 per share?
What did &LR; &QC; &lr; Unlike its fancy blenders and armchairs, Williams-Sonoma Inc. apparently is not for?
What is considered a ripe takeover target?
Who is Williams-Sonoma because of direct-to-consumer experience's strong stable of brand names?
What owns the Williams-Sonoma and Pottery Barn stores and catalogs?
Who is Bonnie Kramer Tonneson?
Who said, ``Something's going to happen there''?
What did Starbucks announce targeting upscale women?
What have discussions from time to time?
Who did several sources name as the likely suitor?
What does Bonnie Kramer Tonneson value it at?
Who did Starbucks announce a partnership with Oxygen Media to develop a lifestyle-oriented portal and cable television business targeting?
What is a particularly attractive Web partner because of direct-to-consumer experience's strong stable of brand names?
Who said, ``It's the same people who shop at Williams-Sonoma and the ideal demographic for patronizing cooking and epicureal type stuff on the Web''?
Who were over $75,000 median income?
How many names were addresses and buying histories?
What has Williams-Sonoma already arranged to start selling kitchen wares over?
What looks like Williams-Sonoma will go it alone for now?
Who was the Seattle coffee giant?
What did analysts and other observers say although Starbucks and Williams-Sonoma seem an odd match at first blush, makes sense when their Internet strategies are factored in?
What were 55 percent women over?
When did Company Chairman and Chief Executive OfficerHoward Lester decline to discuss the situation?
What did the company decide to pursue just such an opportunity with?
Who said?
What is Williams-Sonoma a particularly attractive Web partner because of?
What decided to pursue just such an opportunity with a different set of partners last week?
What has Williams-Sonoma just begun rolling out a series of?
Who announced a partnership with Oxygen Media to develop a lifestyle-oriented portal and cable television business targeting upscale women?
What has already arranged to start selling kitchen wares over CondeNet's Epicurious. com site?
What did industry analysts say it is?
What did analysts and other observers say although Starbucks and Williams-Sonoma seem an odd match at first blush, it makes when their Internet strategies are factored in?
What was Starbucks Corp.?
Where has Williams-Sonoma already arranged to start selling kitchen wares?
Who values it at closer to $3 billion, or $41 per share?
What named Starbucks Corp. as the likely suitor?
What does Bonnie Kramer Tonneson value the company's current market capitalization at?
What spurned a takeover offer in an emergency board meeting earlier this month?
What is the company's current market capitalization?
When do people have discussions?
Who seem an odd match at first blush?
Who did &LR; &QC; &lr; Unlike its fancy blenders and armchairs, apparently is not for sale?
Who said although Starbucks and Williams-Sonoma seem an odd match at first blush, it makes sense when their Internet strategies are factored in?
What did the company decide to pursue just with a different set of partners last week?
What is Williams-Sonoma considered?
Who said the Williams-Sonoma is a well-run company with a bright future on the Web and a relatively low valuation?
Who is Williams-Sonoma because of its strong stable of brand names?
Who declined yesterday to discuss the situation?
Who said, ``The Starbucks customer is 55 percent women, and over 70 percent of them use the Net''?
Who has just begun rolling out a series of cyber gift registries and online stores?
Who looks like Williams-Sonoma will go it alone for now?
Who values the company's current market capitalization at closer to $3 billion, or $41 per share?
What were 20 million names?
What is $1. 62 billion?
What is a particularly attractive Web partner because of its strong stable of brand names?
Whose Epicurious. com site has Williams-Sonoma already arranged to start selling kitchen wares over?
Who were Starbucks and Oxygen?
What did industry analysts say the Williams-Sonoma is?
What did the San Francisco kitchen and housewares merchant spurn a takeover offer in earlier this month?
What do people have from time to time?
What did &LR; &QC; &lr; Unlike, Williams-Sonoma Inc. apparently is not for sale?
Who declined to comment?
How many percent women were over $75,000 median income?
Who plans to launch two Pottery Barn home furnishings sites?
What do an Internet play _ to hitch a ride on Williams-Sonoma's e-commerce business?
Who said consequently, Williams-Sonoma executive stockholders are unlikely to sell now?
Who are on the Internet?
Who is the world's biggest coffee shop?
What is a man who looked at a country where coffee is available on every street corner and proceeded to roll out a national chain of coffee bars?
What do even coffee beans constitute?
What does Williams-Sonoma also boast?
What did Cohen say Fingerhut's appeal was?
What was unexpected because it ignored the conventional rules of retail mergers?
What does he's got the right kind of?
Who adds to this fall's new wedding registry at &LR; www?
What will Williams-Sonoma say only that it is not for?
What is Williams-Sonoma Inc. a seller of?
What will Williams-Sonoma say only for?
What do sources say that Williams-Sonoma's board voted to reject in an emergency meeting in mid-June?
Who did Starbucks agree to?
What are investors just beginning to think of as an e-commerce play?
What did Schultz say in a statement, 'll be able to provide a seamless customer experience through our retail stores, cable and the Internet?
What did Cohen say was its expertise in back-end order fulfillment?
What does such a combination seem wacky?
Whose sales do even coffee beans constitute a small minority of?
Who plans to be there?
Who does Williams-Sonoma carry the additional value of well-known and highly regarded brand names Hold Everything and Chambers?
What wswedding. com &LR;?
Who was president of the Retail Group?
What does Williams-Sonoma have in mind?
What are sketchy?
What did Owens say &UR; &LR; Conventional retailers like Williams-Sonoma already have equity in consumers ' minds, trusted have everything to do with the future of e-commerce?
Who proposed buying Williams-Sonoma as an Internet play _ an opportunity for Starbucks to hitch a ride on Williams-Sonoma's e-commerce business?
What was the Retail Group?
What is late to the Web _?
What does Williams-Sonoma expect to be a player in a portal\/cable TV business under by CondeNet and Time Warner?
What will Williams-Sonoma say only in?
What does he head?
What is at the center of his strategy?
What do sources say that Williams-Sonoma's board voted to reject Starbucks ' overture in in mid-June?
What does the Starbucks overture raise?
Who adds to its new wedding registry at &LR; www?
Who makes access to beans at least as convenient as at &LR; www?
Who is a seller of leather armchairs?
What did Cynthia Cohen liken Starbucks ' lust for Williams-Sonoma to the purchase of cataloger Fingerhut Companies Inc. by earlier this year?
What did Schultz say in, We 'll be able to provide a seamless customer experience through our retail stores, cable and the Internet?
Who did Schultz say in a statement, 'll be able to provide a seamless customer experience through our retail stores, cable and the Internet?
What _ none of which have much traction in this case?
What did Seattle's Starbucks propose as an Internet play _ an opportunity for Starbucks to hitch a ride on Williams-Sonoma's e-commerce business?
What was Jamie Owens president of?
What do industry observers see as vintage Howard Schultz?
What did it just launch its first full-scale site June 1 make it a logical partner?
Who is proving as ambitious on the Web as he has been with physical stores?
What is one reason it was considered a desirable takeover candidate like?
Whose appeal did Cohen say was its expertise in back-end order fulfillment?
What is starting to change?
Who say that Williams-Sonoma's board voted to reject Starbucks ' overture in an emergency meeting in mid-June?
Who said Fingerhut's appeal was its expertise in back-end order fulfillment?
What carries the additional value of well-known and highly regarded brand names _ Williams Sonoma Hold Everything and Chambers?
What does such a combination also provide?
What do sources say in?
Who is Schultz?
What did Owens say &UR; &LR; Conventional retailers like Williams-Sonoma already have trusted brands have everything to do with the future of e-commerce?
Who was Seattle's Starbucks?
What does Williams-Sonoma carry _ Williams Sonoma Hold Everything and Chambers?
What does this head?
What does the retailer add to its new wedding registry at?
Who announced a deal with CondeNet three days after rebuffing the coffee-maker?
What does it seem wacky?
What do areas buy?
Who sees the Web as a key meeting place in the lifestyle of the future?
What does Tonneson believe the stock still has plenty of since investors are just beginning to think of it as an e-commerce play?
What did starbucks ' acquisition offer ignore the conventional rules of?
Who was starbucks ' acquisition offer rebuffed by earlier this month?
What are a registry and a store?
What was rebuffed by San Francisco's Williams-Sonoma earlier this month?
What do such deals tout synergistic benefits in areas like real estate _?
Who is the online and in-store magazine?
When does the Starbucks overture raise questions?
What does Williams-Sonoma carry the additional value of well-known and highly regarded brand names _ Williams Sonoma Hold?
What is Starbucks Corp.?
Who operates physical shops on almost every corner?
What does Tonneson believe still has plenty of upside potential since investors are just beginning to think of it as an e-commerce play?
What did starbucks decline to comment on?
What expects to be a player in a portal\/cable TV business under development by CondeNet and Time Warner?
What will say only that first reported in The Chronicle on Friday is not for sale?
What was first reported in The Chronicle on Friday?
Who believes the stock still has plenty of upside potential since investors are just beginning to think of it as an e-commerce play?
What does Schultz see?
What did Owens say &UR; &LR; Conventional retailers like Williams-Sonoma already have?
What have shares risen since news of the Starbucks bid became public?
Who do industry observers see the move as?
What will say only that it is not for sale?
Who see the move as vintage Howard Schultz?
What does Tonneson believe the stock still has since investors are just beginning to think of it as an e-commerce play?
What is _ Williams Sonoma?
What does vintage Howard Schultz's got the right kind of?
What does it also provide?
Who has its own Internet strategy in mind?
What is Schultz proving on the Web as he has been with physical stores?
What would such a combination have made?
What does he's got?
What is that its stock is priced more like that of a modest store and catalog merchant than a hot e-commerce play?
Who was CondeNet?
What will Williams-Sonoma say only that first reported in The Chronicle on Friday is not for?
What did it ignore?
Who was Williams-Sonoma?
Who is rolling out a full-scale Williams-Sonoma kitchenware store this fall?
What did Owens say &UR; &LR; Conventional retailers like Williams-Sonoma already have equity in consumers ' minds, trusted brands have?
What are investors just beginning to think of plenty of upside potential as?
What is one reason it was considered a desirable takeover candidate that its stock is priced like than a hot e-commerce play?
What does Williams-Sonoma have its own Internet strategy in?
Where is a lifestyle portal and cable television franchise that will feature information, entertainment and e-shopping for upscale women?
When does news of the Starbucks bid close at $35. 81?
What does Starbucks make access to beans at least as?
What have risen 20 percent since news of the Starbucks bid became public?
Who said, ``Business as usual is dead''?
Who is this?
What does vintage Howard Schultz's got?
Who was a brick-and-mortar retailer?
What does the retailer add to this fall's new wedding registry at?
What did starbucks ' acquisition offer ignore?
When was starbucks ' acquisition offer rebuffed by San Francisco's Williams-Sonoma?
What does Starbucks operate?
What are investors just beginning to think of it as?
What did Schultz say in?
When was the acquisition attempt first reported in The Chronicle?
What became public?
What constitute a small minority of Starbucks ' sales?
What &LR; com?
Who did Owens say already have equity in consumers ' minds, trusted brands have everything to do with the future of e-commerce?
What does Williams-Sonoma carry the additional value of well-known and highly regarded brand names?
Who does Williams-Sonoma expect to be under development by CondeNet and Time Warner?
What closes yesterday at $35. 81?
What does Tonneson believe of?
What has he been with?
What raises questions about Williams-Sonoma's future as an independent company?
What is now being valued for its e-commerce potential or as an acquisition target?
Who was Cynthia Cohen?
When did Williams-Sonoma announce a deal with CondeNet?
What plans to launch two Pottery Barn home furnishings sites?
When will Williams-Sonoma say only that first reported in The Chronicle is not for sale?
What play _ an opportunity for Starbucks to hitch a ride on Williams-Sonoma's e-commerce business?
Who has been with physical stores?
What is Oxygen Media of New York designing?
What is at the center of vintage Howard Schultz's strategy?
Who are just beginning to think of plenty of upside potential as an e-commerce play?
What did Schultz say in, companies today 'll be able to provide a seamless customer experience through our retail stores, cable and the Internet?
What does Williams-Sonoma carry the additional value of _ Williams Sonoma Hold Everything and Chambers?
Who did she say consequently, are unlikely to miss out on any future stock run-up?
What seems a bit wacky?
What also boasts crack fulfillment systems?
Who was the online magazine affiliate of Conde Nast magazines?
Who said?
What ignored the conventional rules of retail mergers?
Who noted?
What was a Seattle consulting firm?
Who did Cynthia Cohen say consequently, are unlikely to miss out on any future stock run-up?
What does &LR; &lr;?
What is one reason it was considered a desirable takeover candidate that its stock is priced more like that of a modest store and catalog merchant than?
Who does Williams-Sonoma expect to be a player in a portal\/cable TV business under development by?
What do not have much Net potential since Starbucks operates physical shops on almost every corner?
What would have made no sense?
Who agreed to partner with Oxygen Media of New York?
What is a lifestyle portal and cable television franchise that will feature information, entertainment and e-shopping for upscale women at?
What just launched its first full-scale site June 1 _ its high-cachet brand name, big-ticket merchandise and loyal customer base make it a logical partner?
Who said consequently, Williams-Sonoma executive stockholders are unlikely to miss out on any future stock run-up?
What are 70 percent of Starbucks high-income customers on?
Who was president of the consulting firm Strategic Mindshare?
Who's got the right kind of upscale, wired demographics for the project?
Who did she say consequently, are unlikely to sell now?
Who did Cynthia Cohen say consequently, are unlikely to sell now?
Whose board do sources say in?
What also provides a striking example of how the digital world is redefining businesses as analog as a double decaf macchiato?
What did Williams-Sonoma announce three days after rebuffing the coffee-maker?
Whose future as an independent company does the Starbucks overture raise questions about?
What is Schultz proving as ambitious on as he has been with physical stores?
What does news of the Starbucks bid close yesterday at?
Whose overture do sources say that Williams-Sonoma's board voted to reject in an emergency meeting in mid-June?
What does the retailer add to at &LR; www?
When do sources say that Williams-Sonoma's board voted to reject Starbucks ' overture in an emergency meeting?
What did San Francisco's Williams-Sonoma just launch its first full-scale site June 1 make it a logical partner?
Who is Starbucks ' chief executive?
Who just launched its first full-scale site June 1 _ its high-cachet brand name, big-ticket merchandise and loyal customer base make it a logical partner?
Who is Pottery Barn?
Who declined to comment on the acquisition attempt?
Who is designing such a portal?
What do even coffee beans constitute a small minority of?
What is Joe?
What are sites?
What is Williams-Sonoma late to?
What did Owens say &UR; &LR; Conventional retailers like Williams-Sonoma already have equity in consumers ' minds, trusted?
What do an Internet play _ an opportunity for Starbucks to?
What buy raw goods or marketing?
Who said in a statement, companies today 'll be able to provide a seamless customer experience through our retail stores, cable and the Internet?
Who said &UR; &LR; Conventional retailers like Williams-Sonoma already have equity in consumers ' minds, trusted brands have everything to do with the future of e-commerce?
Who is Williams-Sonoma Inc.?
Who said, ``the rule book has been thrown out''?
What has vintage Howard Schultz been with?
Who was Jamie Owens?
What was the acquisition attempt first reported in on Friday?
What did it ignore the conventional rules of?
What does Starbucks make at least as convenient as at &LR; www?
What do even coffee beans not have since Starbucks operates physical shops on almost every corner?
Who said in a statement, We 'll be able to provide a seamless customer experience through our retail stores, cable and the Internet?
Who likens Starbucks ' lust for Williams-Sonoma to the purchase of cataloger Fingerhut Companies Inc. by Federated Department Stores Inc. earlier this year?
Who are just beginning to think of it as an e-commerce play?
What will Williams-Sonoma say only that first reported in on Friday is not for sale?
What does Starbucks Corp. bowl by?
When is Starbucks ' acquisition offer rebuffed by Williams-Sonoma's board of directors?
Who also said she anticipates no change in the current regulatory scheme for genetically modified foods?
What will what happen to Bay Area home prices by?
What do managers learn from by Arthur M. Louis Y2K _ Corporate computer system?
What does Starbucks ' acquisition offer provide?
What do &QL; WEB _ on?
What are these the stories plans to move for Tuesday on the New York Times wire?
What do &QL; WEB _ New Web-based companies are trying to follow up on by selling financial products such as credit cards and mortgages over the Internet?
Who bowls by Benny Evangelista STARBUCKS _ What could be more absurd than the world's biggest coffee shop?
Whose acquisition offer is rebuffed by Williams-Sonoma's board of directors earlier this month?
Who is trying to buy Williams-Sonoma Inc.?
What is Williams-Sonoma Inc. a seller of?
What does genetically modified foods leave it up to companies to inform if the companies think the food presents any danger?
What follows a new logic _ the logic of the Internet?
Whose acquisition offer follows a new logic _ the logic of the Internet?
What did BIO _ FDA Commissioner Janet Atnney say Americans need by Carol Emert?
What are the stories The San Francisco Chronicle Business section plans to move for Tuesday on the New York Times wire?
What will what happen to Bay Area by Sam Zuckerman HOME _?
Whose acquisition offer provides a striking example of how the digital world is redefining businesses that are as analog as a double decaf macchiato?
What does Starbucks ' acquisition offer follow?
Who learn how to avoid legal problems from potential Y2K failures by Arthur M. Louis Y2K _ Corporate computer system?
What did she also say she anticipates?
Who is mixing?
What do managers learn how to avoid legal problems from potential Y2K failures by?
What does genetically modified foods leave up to companies to inform the FDA if the companies think the food presents any danger?
What do the two retailers embody sourcing?
What does it provide?
What are these the stories The San Francisco Chronicle Business section plans to move for Tuesday on?
Who did BIO _ FDA Commissioner Janet Atnney also say anticipates no change in the current regulatory scheme for genetically modified foods?
What do managers learn for by Arthur M. Louis Y2K _ Corporate computer system?
What leaves Starbucks ' acquisition offer up to companies to inform the FDA if the companies think the food presents any danger?
What are monthly median mortgage payments lower than they were a decade ago because of lower interest rates even at?
Who do MONEYBAG _ Helping your child by?
What is Starbucks ' acquisition offer rebuffed by earlier this month?
What does genetically modified foods leave Starbucks ' acquisition offer up to to inform the FDA if the companies think the food presents any danger?
What are lower than they were a decade ago because of lower interest rates even at today's record prices?
What do the two retailers embody none of sourcing?
What did BIO _ FDA Commissioner Janet Atnney also say she anticipates?
Who is a seller of leather armchairs?
What does genetically modified foods leave it up to companies to inform the FDA if the companies think?
Who learn about how unprepared Asian firms are for the problem at a Y2K symposium in San Francisco by Arthur M. Louis Y2K _ Corporate computer system?
What are these The San Francisco Chronicle Business section plans to move for Tuesday on the New York Times wire?
Who embody none of the conventional retail-merger synergies in areas like materials sourcing?
What does genetically modified foods leave it up to to inform the FDA if the companies think the food presents any danger?
What will what happen to home prices by Sam Zuckerman HOME _?
Where will what happen home prices by Sam Zuckerman HOME _?
What does the Fed raise?
Who do MONEYBAG _ Helping by Arthur M. Louis?
What did she also say?
How many retailers embody none of the conventional retail-merger synergies in areas like materials sourcing?
When are these the stories?
When are these the stories The San Francisco Chronicle Business section plans to move on the New York Times wire?
When is Tuesday?
What did BIO _ FDA Commissioner Janet Atnney also say?
Whose board of directors is Starbucks ' acquisition offer rebuffed by earlier this month?
What does genetically modified foods leave Starbucks ' acquisition offer up to companies to inform the FDA if the companies think?
What does genetically modified foods leave Starbucks ' acquisition offer up to companies to inform if the companies think the food presents any danger?
Who did she also say anticipates no change in the current regulatory scheme for genetically modified foods?
What is rebuffed by Williams-Sonoma's board of directors earlier this month?
What provides a striking example of how the digital world is redefining businesses that are as analog as a double decaf macchiato?
When is June 29?
What _ Helping your child by Arthur M. Louis?
Who is Williams-Sonoma Inc.?
What do managers learn about how unprepared Asian firms are for the problem at a Y2K symposium in San Francisco by?
What will happen to Bay Area home prices by Sam Zuckerman HOME _?
What leaves it up to companies to inform the FDA if the companies think the food presents any danger?
Who raises interest rates?
What did BIO _ FDA Commissioner Janet Atnney say by Carol Emert?
Who 'd like to see Starbucks invest in?
What did Matt Siess say LOS ANGELES _ Sipping his coffee at the Starbucks restaurant on Melrose Avenue here?
Who was Williams-Sonoma?
What did the company say that its earnings for the fiscal year would be 10 percent below?
What was Williams-Sonoma the retailer of?
How many North American shops does Starbucks have?
Who did the earnings disappointment and the Internet announcement both suggest that a phenomenally successful company was losing its focus to?
What did Starbucks also say would announce a major strategic partnership this summer to pursue the Web business?
What did chief executive of Starbucks, Howard Schultz, who once defied skeptics who said that the country did not need more fancy coffee shops, deny?''
What will starbucks also consider in other companies that provide some of the products to be sold on the Web site?
Who said, ``Our customers have a relationship with Starbucks that is different from a traditional bricks-and-mortar store''?
Who has about 2,000 North American shops?
What does Starbucks have?
What were some of the customers at the Melrose Avenue shop not?
What would retain their brand names?
What did Starbucks say?
What said that its earnings for the fiscal year would be 10 percent below Wall Street's expectation?
What are up 5 percent so far this fiscal year?
What would many of these sites retain?
Who said, ``viewers's customers have a relationship with Starbucks that is different from a traditional bricks-and-mortar store''?
How many shares changed hands?
What did John Ivankoe say, ``the earnings disappointment and the Internet announcement both are trying to stretch as''?
What did Schultz say that Starbucks would set up a portal site by?
What did Starbucks also say?
Who remarked, ``What I 'd like to see Starbucks invest in is drive-throughs _ making the obtaining of coffee easier?''
What just did not grow enough to make up for other setbacks?
What did more than 73 million shares change?
How many cents a share did starbucks say it expected to earn in the year that ends on Oct. 3 analysts had been expecting?
Who defied skeptics who said that the country did not need more fancy coffee shops?
What did the company say below?
What would be managed by retailers that already sell such goods?
What is sold in supermarkets?
Who was Starbucks?
What did he also say?
Who is skeptical about the coffee chain's new ambition to sell things beyond drinks and light food?
What did he deny?''
What did Matt Siess say he loved LOS ANGELES _ Sipping his coffee at the Starbucks restaurant on Melrose Avenue here?
What did starbucks say the Internet announcement expected to earn 54 cents a share in the year that ends on Oct. 3?
What did 54 cents a share just not grow enough to make up for?
What did Matt Siess say referring to, ``I 'm not sure what selling coffee has to do with selling Calphalon''?
Who said referring to the cookware products, ``I 'm not sure what selling coffee has to do with selling Calphalon''?
What did starbucks say it expected to earn 54 cents a share in the year that ends on Oct. 3?
What falled $10. 625 to close at $26. 9375?
Who promised to do the same with Internet strategy following Starbucks into cyberspace?
What did Rosie Taravella remark, ``What Starbucks 'd like to see Starbucks invest in is?''
How many cents a share just did not grow enough to make up for other setbacks?
What did shares of the Seattle-based Starbucks Corp. fall $10. 625 to close at?
Who is opening 400 new shops this year?
What has been diversifying to prepare for the day when growth of that core business will slow?
What did starbucks say the Internet announcement expected to earn in the year that ends on Oct. 3 analysts had been expecting?
What will starbucks also consider acquisitions and investments in?
When did starbucks say?
Who remarked, ``What Starbucks 'd like to see Starbucks invest in is drive-throughs _ making the obtaining of coffee easier?''
What did shares of the Seattle-based Starbucks Corp. fall to close at $26. 9375?
Who said that Starbucks would set up a portal site by the end of this year?
Who did Howard Schultz defy?
Who was Howard Schultz?
Who would many of these sites be managed by?
Who did he say could not confirm or deny rumors that Starbucks was trying to buy Williams-Sonoma?
Who come to the home page of the site?
What did Schultz say that Starbucks would set up by the end of this year?
What did the earnings disappointment and the Internet announcement both suggest to many investors?
What did John Ivankoe say, ``They are trying to stretch as''?
What suggested that a phenomenally successful company was losing its focus to many investors?
What did he say?
What did Matt Siess say he loved the brew and the atmosphere LOS ANGELES _ Sipping at the Starbucks restaurant on Melrose Avenue here?
Who also said the company would announce a major strategic partnership this summer to pursue the Web business?
When did starbucks say the Internet announcement expected to earn 54 cents a share analysts had been expecting?
What did Schultz say by?
Who said it expected to earn 54 cents a share in the year that ends on Oct. 3 analysts had been expecting?
Who said the Internet announcement expected to earn 54 cents a share in the year that ends on Oct. 3 analysts had been expecting?
Who was the retailer of fancy cookware?
What did he say referring to, ``I 'm not sure what selling coffee has to do with selling Calphalon''?
What did starbucks say it expected to earn in the year that ends on Oct. 3 analysts had been expecting?
Who 'd Starbucks like to see invest in?
What changed hands?
What did he also say would announce a major strategic partnership this summer to pursue the Web business?
What did Rosie Taravella remark, ``What I 'd like to see Starbucks invest in is?''
Who was John Ivankoe?
What do company officials insist?
When also wants to expand overseas?
Who denied that Starbucks was losing its focus, telling the analysts that the coffee-shop business ``is and always will be the driver of what we do?''
What is Matt Siess skeptical about?
Who did the chairman and chief executive of Starbucks promise to do the same with Internet strategy following into cyberspace?
What did the company say that its earnings for the fiscal year would be below Wall Street's expectation?
What also wants to expand overseas?
What is he skeptical about?
What will they be led to?
What is not that profit from coffee shops is falling?
What did the chairman and chief executive of Starbucks promise to do with Internet strategy following Starbucks into cyberspace?
How many cents a share did the company earn?
What did they just not grow enough to make up for?
Who did starbucks say the Internet announcement expected to earn 54 cents a share in the year that ends on Oct. 3 had been expecting?
What is where the Internet comes in?
What did the company earn?
What is the problem not?
What did he also say the company would announce a major strategic partnership this summer to pursue?
What do viewers come to?
What did Matt Siess say he loved the brew and the atmosphere _ Sipping his coffee at the Starbucks restaurant on Melrose Avenue here?
What did the earnings disappointment and the Internet announcement both suggest that a phenomenally successful company was losing to many investors?
Who said he could not confirm or deny rumors that Starbucks was trying to buy Williams-Sonoma?
Who was a 37-year-old actress and screenwriter sipping a Grande Guatamalan?
Who said, ``They are trying to stretch who they are as a company into an area where they really do not have any expertise''?
What did the chairman and chief executive of Starbucks promise to do the same with following Starbucks into cyberspace?
What lost 28 percent of their value Thursday?
What will viewers be led to?
Who will also consider acquisitions and investments in other companies that provide some of the products to be sold on the Web site?
What did the company announce?
What announced its Internet strategy?
Who was an analyst at Schroder & Co.?
When did starbucks say it expected to earn 54 cents a share analysts had been expecting?
Who did Matt Siess say loved the brew and the atmosphere LOS ANGELES _ Sipping his coffee at the Starbucks restaurant on Melrose Avenue here?
Who will be led to other pages selling not only Starbucks coffee but gourmet food, kitchenware, home furnishings and furniture?
What earned 44 cents a share?
What will be led to other pages selling not only Starbucks coffee but gourmet food, kitchenware, home furnishings and furniture?
Who said he loved the brew and the atmosphere LOS ANGELES _ Sipping his coffee at the Starbucks restaurant on Melrose Avenue here?
Who did starbucks say it expected to earn 54 cents a share in the year that ends on Oct. 3 had been expecting?
What did Starbucks also say the company would announce a major strategic partnership this summer to pursue?
What is the company's Frappuccino bottled coffee drink sold in?
What did starbucks say expected to earn 54 cents a share in the year that ends on Oct. 3 analysts had been expecting?
What did the chairman and chief executive of Starbucks promise to do the same with Internet strategy following Starbucks into?
Who were not that sure?
What did Schultz say?
Who 'd I like to see invest in?
Who did Starbucks say could not confirm or deny rumors that Starbucks was trying to buy Williams-Sonoma?
What did Matt Siess say he loved the brew and the atmosphere LOS ANGELES _ Sipping his coffee at here?
When sales at stores open at least a year are up 5 percent so far?
Who was Rosie Taravella?
Who just did not grow enough to make up for other setbacks?
How many cents a share did starbucks say the Internet announcement expected to earn in the year that ends on Oct. 3 analysts had been expecting?
Who insist that the core business of North American coffee shops is not overdeveloped?
Who is a small group of Pasqua Inc. shareholders accusing of stiffing minority investors when the San Francisco coffee chain was sold to Starbucks earlier this year?
Who are accusing Bankers Trust?
What are accusing Bankers Trust?
What closed?
What did Peet's Coffee & Tea of Emeryville offer for Pasqua in February?
What does San Francisco Superior Court turn out that the appraiser agrees is not fair?
Who was Joseph Tabacco?
Whose stock did the plaintiffs together own less than 10 percent of?
What do the Pasqua shareholders also contend that Bankers Trust failed to disclose a conflict of interest: on?
Who was Peter Ostroff?
Whose $7 million price tag did a coffee-industry source who conducted an independent valuation of Pasqua two years ago say of?
What is of breaching its fiduciary duty by not considering bids from Starbucks ' rivals?
What was the complaint amended in Monday?
When did he say in a telephone interview because shareholders never gathered for the vote, it was difficult to fight the Starbucks acquisition before the deal closed?
What did Peet's not return?
Who denied the allegations?
Who did a complaint filed in San Francisco Superior Court accuse?''
Who was a partner with Sidley & Austin who represents Bankers Trust?
What does it turn out?
Who together owned less than 10 percent of Pasqua's stock?
What were mostly healthy?
What did Joseph Tabacco say in yesterday that Pasqua's board did not seriously consider offers from other interested parties?
Whose offer did Ostroff say was ``too little, too late and much too contingent'' on unknowns to scuttle the Starbucks deal?
What did Peter Ostroff say are ``silly''?
What does San Francisco Superior Court turn out that the appraiser agrees?
What do eight shareholders argue that the company's market value was much higher in?
Who was Starbucks named in the suit as?
Whose board did Joseph Tabacco say in a telephone interview yesterday from?
What did the court allow the plaintiffs to seek an outside appraisal to ensure that they received fair-market value for?
Who was named in the suit as the successor to Pasqua?
Whose longtime investment bank is BT Alex. Brown?
What did Joseph Tabacco say in a telephone interview yesterday that Pasqua's board did not seriously consider from other interested parties?
What does it turn out that the appraiser agrees?
What could Kupferman not be reached for?
Who did Zuckerman say he was?
What do eight shareholders argue in the suit?
What did the plaintiffs together own less than 10 percent of?
When was the complaint filed?
Who noted that the court denied a request by the investor group earlier this year to stop the merger?
Who was the suit led by?
Where did Ostroff say the Peet's offer was ``too little, too late and much too contingent''?
Who did Zuckerman say was the lone Pasqua board member to oppose the Starbucks deal?
What's certainly an opportunity Pasqua had?
What turns out that the appraiser agrees the price is not fair?
Where did Ostroff say?
Who said in a telephone interview yesterday because shareholders never gathered for the vote, it was difficult to fight the Starbucks acquisition before the deal closed?
What did starbucks pay $7. 1 million for in a deal that became final March 1?
Whose lawyer was Joseph Tabacco?
What did Ostroff note that the court denied a request by the investor group earlier this year to stop?
What does San Francisco Superior Court turn out?
What did a coffee-industry source who conducted an independent valuation of Pasqua two years ago say of?
Who said in a telephone interview yesterday that Pasqua's board did not seriously consider offers from other interested parties?
Who did the court allow to seek an outside appraisal to ensure that they received fair-market value for their shares?
How many shareholders argue that the company's market value was much higher in the suit?
What does it turn out that the appraiser agrees is not fair?
When did Peet's Coffee & Tea of Emeryville offer $15 million for Pasqua?
What did the plaintiffs together own?
Who is Pasqua's former controlling shareholder?
When was the complaint amended in a filing?
Who did Zuckerman serve as for many years?
What was filed in June?
Who owned 45 percent?
What is of breaching less than 10 percent of Pasqua's stock's fiduciary duty by not considering bids from Starbucks ' rivals?
What did starbucks pay for the 56-cafe chain in a deal that became final March 1?
When did Zuckerman serve as Pasqua's chairman and chief executive?
Who said Starbucks ' $7 million price tag ``is not out of line'' with his assessment?
Who is the affiliate?
Who said the Peet's offer was ``too little, too late and much too contingent'' on unknowns to scuttle the Starbucks deal?
What did Pasqua have 1998 sales of?
What offered $15 million for Pasqua in February?
When did Joseph Tabacco say in a telephone interview that Pasqua's board did not seriously consider offers from other interested parties?
Who was the plaintiffs ' lawyer?
What did Zuckerman say?
Who said, ``the plaintiffs do not have the right to any relief other than an appraisal''?
What was led by Pasqua co-founder Mark Zuckerman?
What is BT Alex. Brown?
Who is BT Alex. Brown?
What did Pasqua co-founder Mark Zuckerman say in yesterday because shareholders never gathered for the vote, it was difficult to fight the Starbucks acquisition before the deal closed?
What did Ostroff say the Peet's offer was ``too little, too late and much too contingent'' on?
Who is Starbucks ' longtime investment bank?
Who could not be reached for comment?
What did he say in yesterday because shareholders never gathered for the vote, it was difficult to fight the Starbucks acquisition before the deal closed?
What did the court allow the plaintiffs to seek to ensure that they received fair-market value for their shares?
What was Starbucks named in as the successor to Pasqua?
What did Joseph Tabacco say in a telephone interview yesterday from?
Who was a partner with Berman, DeValerio, Pease & Tabacco?
What did Ostroff say was ``too little, too late and much too contingent'' on unknowns to scuttle the Starbucks deal?
Who had 1998 sales of $26. 5 million?
What did the court allow the plaintiffs to seek an outside appraisal to ensure for?
Who did Peet's Coffee & Tea of Emeryville offer $15 million for in February?
What was amended in a filing Monday?
Who never gathered for the vote?
What does the best price's certainly?
What did he say in a telephone interview yesterday because shareholders never gathered for the vote, was difficult to fight the Starbucks acquisition before the deal closed?
Whose former controlling shareholder is Bankers Trust?
Who is Bankers Trust?
How many sales of $26. 5 million did Pasqua have?
What accused Bankers Trust of undervaluing Pasqua ``in order to avoid jeopardizing a long-standing business relationship Starbucks?''
Who argue that the company's market value was much higher in the suit?
Who are they accusing?
What did shareholders never gather for?
What is accusing Bankers Trust of stiffing minority investors when the San Francisco coffee chain was sold to Starbucks earlier this year?
What did Ostroff say on?
What did a Bankers Trust lawyer deny?
Who said the accusations are ``silly''?
Who could not explain why investors holding the remaining 35 percent of Pasqua shares did not join in the suit?
What do the Pasqua shareholders also contend on?
Who paid $7. 1 million for the 56-cafe chain in a deal that became final March 1?
Who said 90 percent of such cases end in settlements?
Whose Coffee & Tea of Emeryville offered $15 million for Pasqua in February?
What did not return a telephone call?
Who said, ``They do not have the right to any relief other than an appraisal''?
What did Bankers Trust own?
What did Joseph Tabacco say in a telephone interview yesterday that Pasqua's board did not seriously consider offers from?
Who are the plaintiffs accusing?
Who was Tabacco?
What allowed the plaintiffs to seek an outside appraisal to ensure that they received fair-market value for their shares?
What did the court allow the plaintiffs to seek an outside appraisal to ensure that they received for their shares?
What's certainly an opportunity they had?
Who served as Pasqua's chairman and chief executive for many years?
Whose offer did Ostroff say on?
What did Pasqua have?
Who said he was the lone Pasqua board member to oppose the Starbucks deal?
What did Tabacco say?
What did starbucks pay $7. 1 million for the 56-cafe chain in?
Who declined to comment?
What did Ostroff note?
What did economists and industry observers say &UR; &QL; &LR; &UR; CHRISTMAS _ &LR; Strong economic conditions are expected to generate?
Who was &QL; &LR; &UR; ZDTV _ &LR; ZDTV sold by publisher Ziff-Davis to yesterday for nearly $205 million by Tom Abate &UR; &QL; &LR; &UR;?
What did Wilkes Bashford say, ``I think''?
Who is the jettisoning of assets by Ziff after a mandate from its Japanese parent company?
What did he say, ``I think''?
Who told a gathering of about 250 staff members at the channel's San Francisco headquarters yesterday morning, ``Now we know the end of the movie''?
When was &QL; &LR; &UR; ZDTV _ &LR; ZDTV sold by publisher Ziff-Davis to billionaire Paul Allen for nearly $205 million by Tom Abate &UR; &QL; &LR; &UR;?
Who was an analyst with Hambrecht & Quist?
What has giant Starbucks Corp. purchased Hear Music for under $10 million by?
What has giant Starbucks Corp. purchased Hear Music for by David Lazarus &QL; &UR; STARBUCKS &LR; _ Coffee?
Who said Starbucks considers music an important part of how customers experience its brand?
What was the all-computers-all-the-time cable channel?
When did economists and industry observers say _ &LR; Strong economic conditions are expected to generate robust retail sales this holiday season, particularly in the prosperous Bay Area?
What comes amid a jettisoning of assets by Ziff after a mandate from its Japanese parent company to focus almost exclusively on Internet-related properties?
What did ZDTV's chief executive tell a gathering of about 250 staff members at yesterday morning, ``Now we know the end of the movie''?
What was sold by publisher Ziff-Davis to billionaire Paul Allen yesterday for nearly $205 million by Tom Abate &UR; &QL; &LR; &UR;?
Who is an upscale music retailer that until recently was based in San Francisco?
What are these the stories The San Francisco Chronicle Business section plans to move for Saturday on?
Who was &QL; &LR; &UR; ZDTV _ &LR; ZDTV sold by to billionaire Paul Allen yesterday for nearly $205 million by Tom Abate &UR; &QL; &LR; &UR;?
What was &QL; &LR; &UR; ZDTV _ &LR; ZDTV sold by publisher Ziff-Davis to billionaire Paul Allen yesterday for nearly $205 million by?
Who expects Christmas sales at his store to be up in double digits this holiday?
When is Saturday?
Who said, ``people are feeling very bullish right now''?
Who did Bonnie Kramer Tonneson say has sold jazz CDs in its coffee shops for several years?
When did Bonnie Kramer Tonneson say Starbucks has sold jazz CDs in Hear Music's coffee shops?
Who said Starbucks has sold jazz CDs in Hear Music's coffee shops for several years?
What has giant Starbucks Corp. purchased for under $10 million by David Lazarus &QL; &UR; STARBUCKS &LR; _ Coffee?
What does the deal call for the South San Francisco biotech firm to contribute $50 million toward?
What was &QL; &LR; &UR; ZDTV _ &LR; ZDTV sold by publisher Ziff-Davis to billionaire Paul Allen yesterday for by Tom Abate &UR; &QL; &LR; &UR;?
Who said &UR; &QL; &LR; &UR; CHRISTMAS _ &LR; Strong economic conditions are expected to generate robust retail sales this holiday season, particularly in the prosperous Bay Area?
What does the deal call for to pay UC $150 million in cash?
When did Bonnie Kramer Tonneson say Starbucks has sold jazz CDs in its coffee shops?
Who said, ``I think the California economy is particularly strong''?
Who did Bonnie Kramer Tonneson say has sold jazz CDs in Hear Music's coffee shops for several years?
What are these the stories plans to move for Saturday on the New York Times wire?
What does the sale come amid to focus almost exclusively on Internet-related properties?
What are the stories The San Francisco Chronicle Business section plans to move for Saturday on the New York Times wire?
Who is Hear Music?
When is November 20?
Who has purchased Hear Music for under $10 million by David Lazarus &QL; &UR; STARBUCKS &LR; _ Coffee?
What does the sale come amid a jettisoning of assets by Ziff after a mandate from its Japanese parent company to focus almost exclusively on?
What are these The San Francisco Chronicle Business section plans to move for Saturday on the New York Times wire?
When are these the stories?
What does Bashford expect?
When are these the stories The San Francisco Chronicle Business section plans to move on the New York Times wire?
Whose clothier was Wilkes Bashford?
Who was Wilkes Bashford?
Who said Starbucks has sold jazz CDs in its coffee shops for several years?
Who said, ``Lots of times Christmas sales are based on psychology'', ``Lots of times Christmas sales are based on psychology''?
What did economists and industry observers say &UR; &QL; &LR; &UR; CHRISTMAS _?
Who did Bonnie Kramer Tonneson say considers music an important part of how customers experience its brand?
What did Bonnie Kramer Tonneson say Starbucks has sold jazz CDs in for several years?
What did Bonnie Kramer Tonneson say Starbucks has sold in Hear Music's coffee shops for several years?
Who was Larry Wangberg?
Who was Bonnie Kramer Tonneson?
What was &QL; &LR; &UR; ZDTV _ &LR; ZDTV?
Who is the jettisoning of assets by Ziff after a mandate from the sale's Japanese parent company?
Who was a Union Square men's clothier?
What did Bonnie Kramer Tonneson say Starbucks has sold in its coffee shops for several years?
What is Softbank?
Who was ZDTV's chief executive?
Who said, ``The national economy is obviously strong''?
What calls for the South San Francisco biotech firm to pay UC $150 million in cash?
What bought music and entertainment back from CML for $371,000 in 1996?
Who said Music accounts for less than 1 percent of total Starbucks sales?
What did Starbucks chief executive Howard Schultz disclose?
What has Starbucks scaled back?
Who was privately held?
What did Williams-Sonoma Inc. spurn?
Who was an analyst with Robertson Stephens?
What is Chapters?
When said in a telephone interview?
Who spurned the offer?
When did &UR; &LR; MacKinnon tell The Chronicle that he intended to roll out 75 to 100 Hear Music stores across the country?
What will remain open?
Who runs 12 in-store music shops under the Hear name?
When's the best place to find Hear's upscale customer ``in the right mood?''
What formed partnerships with several Web content providers?
What did MacKinnon and a partner buy it back from for $371,000 in 1996?
What did MacKinnon and a partner buy it back from CML for?
Who are allowed to unwrap?
Who generated revenues of between $5 million and $10 million in 1998?
What installed fixtures holding branded Starbucks CDs, plus other selections chosen by the Hear team, such as the popular Buena Vista Social Club?
Whose site has Starbucks installed a link from its home page to?
What attempted to buy Williams-Sonoma Inc.?
What will MacKinnon and his staff produce in the future?
Whose coffee shops did Bonnie Kramer Tonneson say Starbucks has sold jazz CDs in for several years?
What is its home page?
Who said no decision has been made about how many stores will include kiosks?
Who is an upscale music retailer that until recently was based in San Francisco?
Whose best option for going national did MacKinnon say partnering with Starbucks was?
Who did this summer attempt to buy?
Who told The Chronicle in September that he intended to roll out 75 to 100 Hear Music stores across the country?
What did Starbucks announce?
Whose site is www. hearmusic. com?
Who said Starbucks considers music an important part of how customers experience &QL; Coffee giant Starbucks Corp.'s brand?
Who did Bonnie Kramer Tonneson say has sold jazz CDs in its coffee shops for several years?
What did MacKinnon say?
What does yesterday's to find Hear's upscale customer ``in the right mood?''
Who did CML Group undertake?
Who will produce all of Starbucks ' CDs in the future?
What has Starbucks installed from its home page to Hear Music's site?
What did Don MacKinnon say plans for new non-Starbucks locations are on?
Who does it's the best place to find ``in the right mood?''
What did starbucks not release?
What bought it back from CML for $371,000 in 1996?
What did &UR; &LR; MacKinnon tell The Chronicle in September?
What is a link's home page?
When did Bonnie Kramer Tonneson say Starbucks has sold jazz CDs in &QL; Coffee giant Starbucks Corp.'s coffee shops?
What did MacKinnon and a partner buy music and entertainment back from for $371,000 in 1996?
Who did it form partnerships with?
What did it form with several Web content providers?
Who does Hear license its name and format to in addition to its five U. S. stores and the Starbucks deal?
When did Bonnie Kramer Tonneson say Starbucks has sold jazz CDs in its coffee shops?
Who has purchased Hear Music for under $10 million?
What did yesterday say in?
Who was Hear's former chief executive?
What will likely connect to a Hear Music Intranet that contains music reviews and recommendations?
What did MacKinnon and a partner buy music and entertainment back from CML for?
Who was sold in 1992 to CML Group?
What will the kiosks likely connect to that contains music reviews and recommendations?
Who said, ``this is a first step toward fortifying the whole in-store and online experience''?
What did starbucks not release terms of?
What does Chapters run under the Hear name?
What did MacKinnon say partnering with Starbucks was?
Who was music and entertainment founded by in 1990?
What will the kiosks likely connect to a Hear Music Intranet that contains?
What did 800 of Starbucks ' 2,500 stores instal?
What does Hear license its name and format to Chapters in?
Whose upscale customer does yesterday's the best place to find ``in the right mood?''
What did he say on?
What did Don MacKinnon say on?
Who is also promoting links with two other new Web partners, Cooking. com and Geerlings & Wade?
Who is a Canadian superstore chain?
What has Starbucks installed a link from to Hear Music's site?
What's the best place to find Hear's upscale customer ``in the right mood?''
What is www. starbucks. com?
What will MacKinnon and his staff produce all of in the future?
Who said Starbucks has sold jazz CDs in its coffee shops for several years?
What has Starbucks installed a link from its home page to?
What is vice president for Starbucks?
What did Hear Music generate in 1998?
What does Hear license music and entertainment's name and format to Chapters in?
Who are allowed to listen to any CD in the store?
Who was Don MacKinnon?
Who was Bonnie Kramer Tonneson?
What did investors frown on?
What did MacKinnon say has been made about how many stores will include kiosks?
How many in-store music shops does Chapters run under the Hear name?
What is Starbucks also promoting?
What did he say plans for new non-Starbucks locations are on?
Who said, ``it is a first step toward fortifying the whole in-store and online experience''?
Who did MacKinnon say was Hear's best option for going national?
Who is a mail-order wine retailer?
What did Don MacKinnon say are on hold?
What did MacKinnon and a partner buy back from CML for $371,000 in 1996?
What did Hear Music generate revenues of in 1998?
Who announced an ambitious strategy of creating a ``lifestyle portal'' of upscale brands on the Web?
Who said partnering with Starbucks was Hear's best option for going national?
Who did it attempt to buy?
What did &UR; &LR; MacKinnon tell The Chronicle in September that he intended to roll out?
Who said, ``Instead of an all-consuming focus for Howard Schultz it's more of a sidebar''?
How many Hear Music stores across the country did &UR; &LR; MacKinnon tell The Chronicle in September that he intended to roll out?
What was Cambridge?
What was Hear sold in 1992 to?
Whose new title is vice president for Starbucks?
Who was an analyst with Hambrecht & Quist?
What undertook an unsuccessful rollout?
Who said Starbucks considers music an important part of how customers experience its brand?
When formed partnerships with several Web content providers?
What has &QL; Coffee giant Starbucks Corp. purchased for under $10 million?
When will MacKinnon and his staff produce all of Starbucks ' CDs?
Who said Starbucks has sold jazz CDs in &QL; Coffee giant Starbucks Corp.'s coffee shops for several years?
What are shoppers allowed to listen to?
What does it's the best place to find Hear's upscale customer ``in?''
What are arranged thematically?
Who was Andrew Barish?
What does Chapters run 12 in-store music shops under?
When did Hear Music generate revenues of between $5 million and $10 million?
What did Bonnie Kramer Tonneson say Starbucks has sold in &QL; Coffee giant Starbucks Corp.'s coffee shops for several years?
When was music and entertainment founded by MacKinnon and two partners in Cambridge?
What has &QL; Coffee giant Starbucks Corp. purchased Hear Music for?
What did Tonneson say accounts for less than 1 percent of total Starbucks sales?
What did investors send plummeting?
Who said, ``This is a minor acquisition''?
Who licenses music and entertainment's name and format to Chapters in addition to its five U. S. stores and the Starbucks deal?
Who did Bonnie Kramer Tonneson say considers music an important part of how customers experience &QL; Coffee giant Starbucks Corp.'s brand?
Who frowned on that strategy?
What was Mass.?
Who licenses its name and format to Chapters in addition to its five U. S. stores and the Starbucks deal?
Who did Bonnie Kramer Tonneson say has sold jazz CDs in &QL; Coffee giant Starbucks Corp.'s coffee shops for several years?
What did he say are on hold?
Who said, ``Instead of an all-consuming focus for Howard Schultz this summer's more of a sidebar''?
Who is music and entertainment?
Who has scaled back those plans?
Who is Geerlings & Wade?
What are unusual in that they focus on educating shoppers about music and introducing them to new artists?
What does yesterday's the best place to find Hear's upscale customer ``in?''
Who is Hear Music?
Who does yesterday's the best place to find ``in the right mood?''
What is vice president?
What did starbucks not release terms of the deal other than to say?
What did this summer form with several Web content providers?
Who disclosed plans to install listening stations in some Starbucks cafes?
What did Tonneson say Music accounts for?
Who did not release terms of the deal other than to say that it spent less than $10 million?
Who is MacKinnon's new title?
When was it founded by MacKinnon and two partners in Cambridge?
When was Hear sold to CML Group?
What does Hear license to Chapters in addition to its five U. S. stores and the Starbucks deal?
Who did not release terms of the deal other than to say that yesterday spent less than $10 million?
What is Hear Music's site?
Whose stock did investors send plummeting?
What is www. hearmusic. com?
Whose former chief executive was Don MacKinnon?
What was founded by MacKinnon and two partners in Cambridge in 1990?
Who has installed a link from its home page to Hear Music's site?
Whose upscale customer does it's the best place to find ``in the right mood?''
Who did this summer form partnerships with?
Who did Bonnie Kramer Tonneson say considers music an important part of how customers experience its brand?
Who sent Starbucks ' stock plummeting?
What did Bonnie Kramer Tonneson say Starbucks has sold jazz CDs in for several years?
How many existing locations _ in Berkeley, San Francisco, Palo Alto, Santa Monica and Chicago _ will remain open?
What did &UR; &LR; MacKinnon tell in September that he intended to roll out 75 to 100 Hear Music stores across the country?
What will the kiosks likely connect to a Hear Music Intranet?
Who said plans for new non-Starbucks locations are on hold?
Who is currently &LR; used in a new Hear prototype store in San Francisco's Metreon shopping center?
What is the Intranet currently &LR; used in?
Where has Starbucks installed a link from its home page?
What did Bonnie Kramer Tonneson say Starbucks has sold in its coffee shops for several years?
Who does Hear license music and entertainment's name and format to in addition to its five U. S. stores and the Starbucks deal?
Who was it founded by in 1990?
What does it's to find Hear's upscale customer ``in the right mood?''
When attempted to buy Williams-Sonoma Inc.?
What did Schultz say by?
Who delivers movies, books, magazines, CDs, video games, and food?
Who do SAN FRANCISCO _ The on-line delivery service is teaming up with Starbucks Coffee Co. for cross marketing and in-store promotions?
What does hype enter?
Who was Starbucks ' chairman and chief executive?
What does the Internet-to-door delivery service plan to expand to by the end of this year?
What did Schultz say he has been approached by?
Whose chief executive was Joseph Park?
What did Joseph Park say on?
What do 90 percent of its 10 million weekly customer base use?
What do SAN FRANCISCO _ The on-line delivery service Kozmo. com is teaming up with Starbucks Coffee Co. for?
What was started in 1997?
Who said, ``that's the high cost of customer acquisition''?
What _ The on-line delivery service Kozmo. com is teaming up with Starbucks Coffee Co. for cross marketing and in-store promotions?
What do SAN FRANCISCO _ Kozmo. com is teaming up with Starbucks Coffee Co. for cross marketing and in-store promotions?
What did he say, ``we 're looking for other products or service on''?
What does the New York-based Kozmo deliver?
Who does the on-line delivery service give the burgeoning company much-needed exposure for?
Who did Schultz say has been approached by other companies wanting to establish a partnership with Starbucks?
What enters new markets?
What does the company plan to launch in Los Angeles in the coming weeks the company opened in New York in January 1999, followed by?
Who said he has been approached by other companies wanting to establish a partnership with Starbucks?
Who do SAN FRANCISCO _ The on-line delivery service with?
Who have questioned the economics of spending the high cost of delivering primarily small ticket items?
What does it enter?
What also will deliver Starbucks by the pound?
Who said, ``This all speaks to what most Internet companies are facing''?
What have internet watchers questioned?
Who will the service also deliver by the pound?
Who does it give the burgeoning company much-needed exposure for?
Who was Kozmo's chief executive?
Who said his business model hinges on ``order density,'' or getting a large number of customers to use the service regularly?
What plans to expand to 20 by the end of this year?
What use the Internet?
What does the Internet-to-door delivery service plan to expand to 20 by?
Who will also help hype Kozmo as it enters new markets?
Who do SAN FRANCISCO _ The on-line delivery service Kozmo. com is teaming up with for cross marketing and in-store promotions?
Who said, ``We 're a lifestyle brand''?
What will the service also deliver Starbucks by?
Who said, ``we 're looking for other products or service our customers would want to use or purchase on a frequent basis''?
What operates in five markets?
Who said, ``This is the first time we 've ever invited another brand or company to live inside our stores''?
What does the Internet-to-door delivery service operate in?
What is Washington?
What is D. C.?
Who was Howard Schultz?
Who will be able to leave videos and other delivery items in drop-boxes located in Starbucks where the service operates?
What gives the burgeoning company much-needed exposure for Kozmo?
When was the Internet-to-door delivery service started?
What do 90 percent of the burgeoning company's 10 million weekly customer base use?
Who was Joseph Park?
Who will promote Kozmo in addition?
Who might also be able to return Internet goods to the stores in such arrangements?
Who do analysts predict indeed, any retailer with a national presence and a strong distribution and warehousing system is?
What will Mail Boxes have plenty of company in?
What are package handling companies like Mail Boxes Etc. already starting to handle on behalf of Internet retailers?
What are they clearly in?
What might also add such services as a side business?
What does Kozmo operate only in so far?
What announced plans to expand its network of drop-off centers by testing storefront locations in suburban areas?
Who was James Amos?
What have them delivered to the store?
Who did you want?
Who noted that the first e-commerce partnerships will be announced after the satellite system is completed next month?
Who has begun installing satellite dishes in franchise stores?
What does Kozmo offer?
What will Starbucks train its sales staff to answer questions about in addition?
Who do analysts predict indeed, is a prime candidate to join with e-commerce sites?
What might other national chains also add such services as?
What could a $30 million annual outlay to Starbucks pay off in?
What were bought online?
What did Kozmo executives stress in announcing the deal this month?
What are already starting to handle returns and exchanges on behalf of Internet retailers?
Who did Kenny Kurtzman want?
Who said that by this summer, 7-Eleven would test ATMs with Internet access?
What could pay off in the long term?
Who offers free one-hour delivery of goods purchased on its Internet site?
What will Mail Boxes have plenty of in that regard?
What do internet retailers struggle to address two of their most glaring vulnerabilities _?
When did keyes say that, 7-Eleven would test ATMs with Internet access?
What will Kozmo deliver Starbucks coffees and teas by?
Who have been widely criticized for their failures in this regard?
What will really facilitate that?
What might United Parcel Service use to support e-commerce companies?
Who speaks?
What could the customer then pick up?
Who was Joseph Park?
Who wanted a new videogame?
What have return rates reached roughly _ a rate slightly higher than in the catalog industry?
What do the convenience-store chain 7-Eleven have such agreements delivered to?
What was NFO Interactive?
What did Vroom say?
Who might customers who enjoy the convenience of the Web also prefer knowing that if anything goes wrong with a purchase, they can find to make it better?
Who said, ``We 're in discussions with just about everyone that 'd come to the top of your mind''?
Who estimated that 300 other companies had asked Mail Boxes ``for access to our 4,000 stores'' in the last several months?
Who said, ``The need for this is huge''?
Who was a market research company?
What will Starbucks train its sales staff to answer questions about the Internet company in?
What will Kozmo deliver by the pound _ and eventually perhaps hot beverages?
What said?
Who said in exploring its own partnerships with e-commerce companies, 7-Eleven has not been approached by online jewelers, ``but we have had some bizarre offers''?
Who was chief executive of Kozmo?
What will eventually be available for other products like disposable cameras ready for processing or defective items being returned for a refund?
What could the customer then simply drop off?
What did amos say began late last year when the company agreed to provide customers of eBay auctions with help in inspecting and returning items bought online?
What have nn Retailers had an edge at least in because their customers can return goods to a store whether they were bought online or off?
What may be the first example of an established retailer offering its floor space and personnel to an e-commerce company?
What could the customer then have to deal with?
Who have had an edge at least in part because their customers can return goods to a store whether they were bought online or off?
Who did Vroom say _ an exorbitant amount?
Who was Chris Vroom?
What do internet retailers struggle to address two of their most glaring vulnerabilities _ _ while continuing to close the gap between virtual and traditional stores?
What _ customer acquisition costs and returns _ while continuing to close the gap between virtual and traditional stores?
When did amos estimate that 300 other companies had asked Mail Boxes ``for access to our 4,000 stores''?
What could it pay off in?
What did amos say with?
What has Mail Boxes begun installing in franchise stores?
Who said, ``package handling companies like Mail Boxes Etc. 're basically going to be a bridge between the virtual and the real world?''
Who could then pick up the new one?
What will Starbucks train addition's sales staff to answer questions about the Internet company in?
What will Starbucks train addition's sales staff to answer questions about in addition?
What do internet retailers struggle to address two of the next few months's most glaring vulnerabilities _?
Where does Kozmo operate only so far?
What are package handling companies like Mail Boxes Etc. clearly in?
What are loath to open up stores for this reason alone?
When will Kozmo pay Starbucks $150 million for the right to place return boxes in Starbucks stores under the deal?
What are package handling companies like Mail Boxes Etc. already starting to handle returns and exchanges on?
What will the boxes eventually be available for?
What was Mark Rhoney president of?
What will Kozmo pay Starbucks $150 million over five years for the right to place return boxes in Starbucks stores under?
What might United Parcel Service use those stores to support?
Who predict that such agreements will come rapidly in the next few months?
Who said, ``package handling companies like Mail Boxes Etc. 're in discussions with just about everyone that 'd come to the top of there's mind''?
What will the agreements take?
Who was Kenny Kurtzman?
Who can return goods to a store whether they were bought online or off?
What announced plans to expand plenty of company's network of drop-off centers by testing storefront locations in suburban areas?
Who was e-commerce analyst with Credit Suisse First Boston?
Who will Starbucks promote in addition?
What is unlikely to be the last?
What will Starbucks train addition's sales staff to answer in addition?
What have internet merchants been widely criticized for their failures in?
When do industry executives and analysts predict?
Who would be able to cash checks or obtain money orders or get directions from Web sites?
What was Tim Washer director of?
Who could then simply drop off the old item?
Who was Joseph Park chief executive of?
Who will have plenty of company in that regard?
What did amos estimate that 300 other companies had asked Mail Boxes ``for'' in the last several months?
What will Mail Boxes have in that regard?
What did United Parcel Service announce?
What are clearly in the market for help from companies that can help streamline returns?
What will the boxes initially be used for?
Who spoke from his office in San Diego?
Who said, ``We 're basically going to be a bridge between the virtual and the real world?''
What is completed next month?
What have nn Retailers had in part because their customers can return goods to a store whether they were bought online or off?
What do the convenience-store chain 7-Eleven have delivered to the store?
What might use those stores to support e-commerce companies?
Who said Internet retailers typically spent about $100 to acquire each customer _ an exorbitant amount?
When have reached roughly 30 percent _ a rate slightly higher than in the catalog industry?
Who was chief executive of Mail Boxes Etc.?
Who was director of interactive research with NFO Interactive?
What will Starbucks train to answer questions about the Internet company in addition?
What is for instance?
Who might also prefer knowing that if anything goes wrong with a purchase, they can find a real person at a real store to make it better?
Who might eventually let customers order goods from Web retailers?
What was Kenny Kurtzman chief executive of?
Who said the deluge began late last year when the company agreed to provide customers of eBay auctions with help in inspecting and returning items bought online?
What might customers who enjoy the convenience of the Web also prefer knowing with?
What did keyes say that by this summer, 7-Eleven would test with Internet access?
Who offers free one-hour delivery of goods purchased on a national presence and a strong distribution and warehousing system's Internet site?
What might customers also be able to return Internet goods to the stores in?
Who will deliver Starbucks coffees and teas by the pound _ and eventually perhaps hot beverages?
Who was chief executive of Ashford. com?
Who will train addition's sales staff to answer questions about the Internet company in addition?
When did amos say the deluge began when the company agreed to provide customers of eBay auctions with help in inspecting and returning items bought online?
What did keyes say that by this summer, 7-Eleven would test ATMs with?
Who will spend only about $200 at a given site in a lifetime?
Who were bought online?
What did amos estimate for?
Who specializes in delivering videos, books, food and convenience goods?
Who are clearly in the market for help from companies that can help streamline returns?
What's about?
Who was James Keyes?
Who said?
What will the company link directly to the corporate office and to the company's e-commerce partners?
Who was president of UPS eVentures?
What will Kozmo pay Starbucks $150 million over five years for under the deal?
Who does the convenience-store chain 7-Eleven plan to install?
What will Starbucks train its sales staff to answer in addition?
What did James Amos speak from?
When did keyes say?
What were UPS eVentures?
What have return rates reached roughly 30 percent _ slightly higher than in the catalog industry?
What will take many forms?
Who will train its sales staff to answer questions about the Internet company in addition?
Who was chief operating officer?
What does Kozmo offer free one-hour delivery of?
Who was Mark Rhoney?
What did Amos note?
Who said, ``We 're definitely going to contemplate it''?
What can their customers return goods to whether they were bought online or off?
When do industry executives and analysts predict that such agreements will come rapidly?
What is the convenience-store chain 7-Eleven for?
What plans to install Internet-ready ATMs?
What were the business UPS set up to help e-commerce companies fill orders?
When will the average customer spend only about $200 at a given site?
What have such agreements delivered to the store?
What can their customers return to a store whether they were bought online or off?
What was James Amos chief executive of?
Who stressed those points in announcing the deal this month?
What has Mail Boxes begun installing satellite dishes in?
What did Vroom say Internet retailers typically spent about $100 to acquire each customer _?
Who operates only in Boston, New York, Washington, Seattle and San Francisco so far?
What will a retail presence really facilitate?
What have return rates reached roughly in?
When is the satellite system completed?
What might other national chains also add as a side business?
Who was an online jewelry and luxury goods retailer?
What have internet merchants been widely criticized for in this regard?
What did amos estimate that 300 other companies had asked ``for access to our 4,000 stores'' in the last several months?
Where will the average customer spend only about $200 in a lifetime?
What will the average customer spend at a given site in a lifetime?
Who was Ashford. com?
What will link the stores ' cash registers directly to the corporate office and to the company's e-commerce partners?
Who predict indeed, any retailer with a national presence and a strong distribution and warehousing system is a prime candidate to join with e-commerce sites?
What will initially be used for rental videos, games and DVDs?
Who do the convenience-store chain 7-Eleven have delivered to the store?
What do the convenience-store chain 7-Eleven have them delivered to?
Who was Tim Washer?
What will Starbucks promote Kozmo in?
Who could then have to deal with packaging, postage or coordinating delivery times?
Who will pay Starbucks $150 million over five years for the right to place return boxes in Starbucks stores under the deal?
What will the average customer spend only about $200 at in a lifetime?
What will the Times use the agreement's advertising resources to promote?
When did the New York Times Co. and Starbucks Coffee Co. say Tuesday that they had agreed to the sale of The New York Times newspapers in Starbucks stores?
What will the Times use to promote the products and retail outlets of Starbucks?
Where is Starbucks based?
What be the Times to sold at?
What will the Times use its advertising resources to promote?
What will use the agreement's advertising resources to promote the products and retail outlets of Starbucks?
What may some stores also offer?
What did the New York Times Co. and Starbucks Coffee Co. say Tuesday to?
What may also offer local newspapers and other national newspapers?
Who is based in Seattle?
What will use its advertising resources to promote the products and retail outlets of Starbucks?
When to be sold at all American Starbucks stores?
What calls for The Times to be sold at all American Starbucks stores?
What is Starbucks based in?
What were not disclosed?
