What have Transit workers demanded that the government put more police on buses, subway cars and commuter trains to halt?
What did employee representatives say they would halt service after?
Who threw a fire extinguisher through the train's windshield?
What did officials say the latest walkouts affected?
What did officials say affected transit lines in Paris, Marseille, Lille and Chambery?
Who said on Monday, A trains were running every 30-45 minutes instead of every 5-10 minutes?
How many commuter trains did officials say were in service around the southern port of Marseille on the second day of a walkout?
Who said they would halt service after each attack in France's second-largest city?
Who said only one in five commuter trains were in service around the southern port of Marseille on the second day of a walkout?
Who caused the driver to be hospitalized?
What did a passenger angry that he took the wrong train throw through the train's windshield?
Who did officials say were on strike in several cities on Monday to protest youth attacks that have plagued public transportation across France?
When did officials say, A trains were running every 30-45 minutes instead of every 5-10 minutes?
Who was injured in the financial district of La Defense on Sunday?
What did employee representatives say they would halt after each attack in France's second-largest city?
Who have demanded that the government put more police on buses, subway cars and commuter trains to halt the violence?
Who did a passenger angry that he took the wrong train cause?
What did employee representatives say would halt service after each attack in France's second-largest city?
What have Transit workers demanded on?
What are part of a rising crime rate among youths from working class suburbs that have been hard-hit by a double-digit unemployment rate?
What did a passenger angry that a train driver took the wrong train throw a fire extinguisher through?
What did employee representatives say after?
How many minutes instead of every 5-10 minutes did officials say on Monday, A trains were running?
What was a ticket agent attacked on?
Who said PARIS _ Transit workers were on strike in several cities on Monday to protest youth attacks that have plagued public transportation across France?
Who was attacked on a line between Avignon and Lyon?
When are the attacks from working class suburbs that have been hard-hit by a double-digit unemployment rate?
What is 11. 8 percent?
Who said the latest walkouts affected transit lines in Paris, Marseille, Lille and Chambery?
Who did other attacks spark a strike over the weekend among Monday?
What sparked a strike over the weekend among Marseille bus drivers Monday?
What can the rate top?
What have Transit workers demanded that the government put more police on to halt the violence?
What did a passenger angry that a train driver took the wrong train throw through the train's windshield?
Where was a train driver injured on Sunday?
Who did a passenger angry that a train driver took the wrong train cause?
Who did employee representatives say would halt service after each attack in France's second-largest city?
When are the attacks part from working class suburbs that have been hard-hit by a double-digit unemployment rate?
Who began returning to work?
When did officials say on Monday, A trains were running?
When did officials say only one in five commuter trains were in service around the southern port of Marseille?
When was a train driver injured in the financial district of La Defense?
What did officials say were in service around the southern port of Marseille on the second day of a walkout?
When can top 50 percent in some neighborhoods?
When did officials say PARIS _ Transit workers were on strike in several cities to protest youth attacks that have plagued public transportation across France?
What did officials say only one in five commuter trains were in service around on the second day of a walkout?
When did officials say on Monday, A trains were running every 30-45 minutes?
What did a passenger angry that he took the wrong train throw a fire extinguisher through?
What did officials say on Monday, were running every 30-45 minutes instead of every 5-10 minutes?
What was severely reduced after a train driver was injured in the financial district of La Defense on Sunday?
What is the national figure?
What have Transit workers demanded that the government put on buses, subway cars and commuter trains to halt the violence?
What did officials say PARIS _ Transit workers were on on Monday to protest youth attacks that have plagued public transportation across France?
What did officials say only one in five commuter trains were in around the southern port of Marseille on the second day of a walkout?
What began after a ticket agent was attacked on a line between Avignon and Lyon?
What was a train driver injured in on Sunday?
Who declined by 4,500, or 0. 4 percent?
What does the figure reflect?
What is long one of the nation's knottiest problems?
When did the Labor Ministry say pARIS _ Unemployment fell to 11. 6 percent in October from 11. 7 percent?
When had economists seen October's unemployment level steady?
What were the improved figures largely due to by men aged 25 to 49?
What was better than expectations?
When did the Labor Ministry say Friday pARIS _ Unemployment fell to 11. 6 percent from 11. 7 percent?
Who were the improved figures largely due to a gain in jobs by?
What did the Labor Ministry say Friday pARIS _ fell to 11. 6 percent in October from 11. 7 percent?
What did the number of job seekers fall by 9,000, or 0. 3 percent to?
What did the Labor Ministry say Friday pARIS _ to?
What said Friday pARIS _ Unemployment fell to 11. 6 percent in October from 11. 7 percent?
What did the number of female job seekers under 25 rise?
What did the Labor Ministry say Friday pARIS _ Unemployment fell to in October from 11. 7 percent?
What is the slow but steady improvement in France's high jobless rate?
What has for years been France's main economic hurdle?
Who saw a slight improvement in their situation?
What did the Labor Ministry say Friday _ Unemployment fell to 11. 6 percent in October from 11. 7 percent?
What were largely due to a gain in jobs by men aged 25 to 49?
Who rose by 900, or 0. 5 percent?
Who had seen October's unemployment level steady from September?
What did the Labor Ministry say Friday pARIS _ Unemployment fell to 11. 6 percent in October from?
What does High unemployment remain so despite?
Who were Job seekers aged 25 to 49?
What did the number of women aged 50 rise by?
What is the slow but steady improvement in France's high jobless rate long one of?
What did the number of job seekers fall by to 2. 945 million people?
Who were the greatest gainers?
What did men aged 50 and over see?
Who rose 2,300, or 0. 9 percent?
What remains so despite steady improvements since Socialist Prime Minister Lionel Jospin took office in June 1997?
What has High unemployment for years been?
What reflects a slow but steady improvement in France's high jobless rate?
What had economists seen steady from September?
What was the October data better than?
Who fell by 9,000, or 0. 3 percent to 2. 945 million people?
What did the number of women job seekers aged 25 to 49 decline by?
What did officials in the southern Bouches-du-Rhone region say Tuesday on?
What has spread to Aix-en-Provence and Martigues?
What fell to 11. 6 percent in October from 11. 7 percent?
What were about 15 jobless protesting in an unemployment office in the Parisian suburb of Villejuif in?
Who were to hold a meeting later Tuesday?
What did unemployment in France reflect?
Whose government to come up with a fund worth one billion francs did last year's protests prompt to help the needy?
What is the movement similar to demanding a bonus in order to be able to celebrate the Christmas and New Year holidays?
Who say 15 billion francs is needed to help the jobless this year?
What were about 15 jobless protesting in in addition?
What were to hold a meeting later Tuesday?
What was the slow but steady improvement in France's high jobless rate?
What keep pressure on the government to give groups of jobless occupied unemployment offices in southern France a year-end bonus of 3,000 francs?
What do jobless activists say is needed to help the jobless this year?
What do pARIS keep?
Who did officials in the southern Bouches-du-Rhone region say Tuesday would decide ``before Christmas'' on a way to obtain financial aid for the jobless?
What did last year's protests prompt Socialist Prime Minister Lionel Jospin's government to come up with a fund worth one billion francs to help?
What was the slow but steady improvement in France's high jobless rate long one of?
Who occupied a total of eight unemployment offices Tuesday morning at Aix-en-Provence and Martigues?
How many francs do jobless activists say is needed to help the jobless this year?
Where did activists occupy a total of eight unemployment offices Tuesday morning?
What prompted Socialist Prime Minister Lionel Jospin's government to come up with a fund worth one billion francs to help the needy?
What was long one of the nation's knottiest problems?
What did officials in the southern Bouches-du-Rhone region say Tuesday would decide ``before Christmas'' on a way to obtain financial aid for the jobless?
What did activists occupy a total of eight unemployment offices Tuesday morning at?
Who said Tuesday they would decide ``before Christmas'' on a way to obtain financial aid for the jobless?
What do jobless activists say?
When did officials in the southern Bouches-du-Rhone region say they would decide ``before Christmas'' on a way to obtain financial aid for the jobless?
What were protesting in an unemployment office in the Parisian suburb of Villejuif in addition?
What evacuated two unemployment offices Tuesday morning?
Who has the jobless protest spread to?
What is similar to one that took place in France last December demanding a bonus in order to be able to celebrate the Christmas and New Year holidays?
What did unemployment in France fall to from 11. 7 percent?
What keep pressure on the government to give them a year-end bonus of 3,000 francs?
What did unemployment in France fall to 11. 6 percent in October from?
What did officials in the southern Bouches-du-Rhone region say Tuesday they would decide ``before Christmas'' on?
What reflected a slow but steady improvement in France's high jobless rate?
What _ Groups of jobless occupied unemployment offices in southern France and in one Parisian suburb Tuesday?
What did last year's protests prompt to help the needy?
What did Jospin say by in a radio and television interview?
Who was a Socialist?
What did Jospin also say for?
Who has seen the Socialist prime minister in recent weeks's popularity ratings soar?
What fell to 11. 6 percent in October from 11. 7 percent?
What did Jospin say that Chirac has ``borrowed a lot'' from?
What is his government still targeting a 2. 7 percent growth rate for?
What has the Socialist prime minister in recent weeks wrestled with labor unrest, jobless demonstrations and discord within?
When is his government still targeting for France's gross domestic product in 1999?
Who was Jospin?
What did unemployment in France reflect?
What did Jospin say his government has decided to raise two welfare allowances by 3 percent Jan. 1 to ease in a radio and television interview?
When is PARIS _ French Prime Minister Lionel Jospin's government still targeting for France's gross domestic product in 1999?
What did Jospin say that Chirac has ``borrowed'' from his government?
Who has raised his profile in recent weeks?
What is still targeting a 2. 7 percent growth rate for France's gross domestic product in 1999?
Who went on the offensive Tuesday?
What has the Socialist prime minister in recent weeks wrestled with within his government?
When did he say maybe even 3. 1 percent?
When did PARIS _ French Prime Minister Lionel Jospin say maybe even 3. 1 percent?
Who was responding to recent protests across the country by thousands of jobless demanding a 3,000 franc year-end bonus?
Who has raised PARIS _ French Prime Minister Lionel Jospin's profile in recent weeks?
What did PARIS _ French Prime Minister Lionel Jospin go on Tuesday?
What did Jospin say his government has decided to raise two welfare allowances by 3 percent Jan. 1 to ease the plight of in a radio and television interview?
Who has wrestled with labor unrest, jobless demonstrations and discord within his government?
Who said maybe even 3. 1 percent in 1998?
What did he say in 1998?
Whose profile has Chirac raised in recent weeks?
Whose government is still targeting a 2. 7 percent growth rate for France's gross domestic product in 1999?
What have shown Chirac even beating Jospin in a presidential election with 53 percent of the vote?
When has Chirac raised PARIS _ French Prime Minister Lionel Jospin's profile?
Who was forced to share power with Jospin when he lost his majority in legislative elections in 1997?
What will be retroactive to Jan. 1,1998?
What did PARIS _ French Prime Minister Lionel Jospin say in 1998?
What was Chirac the leader of?
Who said that Chirac has ``borrowed a lot'' from his government?
When did PARIS _ French Prime Minister Lionel Jospin go on the offensive?
Who have recent opinion polls shown even beating Jospin in a presidential election with 53 percent of the vote?
Who was Chirac?
Who have recent opinion polls shown gaining in popularity?
What has Chirac raised in recent weeks?
What did Jospin say his government has decided to raise two welfare allowances by 3 percent Jan. 1 to ease the plight of France's unemployed in?
When has Chirac raised his profile?
What have shown Chirac gaining in popularity?
What was Jospin responding to by thousands of jobless demanding a 3,000 franc year-end bonus?
What was Jospin responding to recent protests across the country by demanding a 3,000 franc year-end bonus?
What have recent opinion polls shown Chirac even beating Jospin in?
Who have recent opinion polls shown Chirac even beating in a presidential election with 53 percent of the vote?
What did Jospin say from?
What is PARIS _ French Prime Minister Lionel Jospin's government still targeting a 2. 7 percent growth rate for?
What did unemployment in France fall to from 11. 7 percent?
What have recent opinion polls shown Chirac gaining in?
What has the conservative Chirac seen soar?
What did unemployment in France fall to 11. 6 percent in October from?
Who has seen his popularity ratings soar?
Who was the leader of the moderate-right Rally for the Republic party?
What reflected a slight improvement in the country's high jobless rate?
What were protests staged in throughout the country against a 3 percent rise in unemployment benefits announced by Prime Minister Lionel Jospin last week?
What were planned in Toulouse later in the day?
How many people occupied the headquarters of French insurance firm AXA to protest against poverty and homelessness in general in Paris?
What showed up at the doors of the regional council building demanding that local officials hear them out in the Mediterranean port city of Marseille?
What has France's unemployment rate edged down to in recent months?
What have been seeking to rekindle a protest movement which last year led to the occupation of dozens of unemployment offices across the country?
What were protests in?
What unfurled a banner reading ``War on Poverty''?
What occupied the headquarters of French insurance firm AXA to protest against poverty and homelessness in general in Paris?
Where were more demonstrations planned later in the day?
When has France's unemployment rate edged down to around 11. 6 percent?
What did about 400 people occupy the headquarters of French insurance firm AXA to protest against poverty and homelessness in general in?
What did some 200 people show up at the doors of the regional council building demanding that local officials hear them out in?
What were staged in some 60 cities throughout the country against a 3 percent rise in unemployment benefits announced by Prime Minister Lionel Jospin last week?
What did about 400 people occupy against in Paris?
What did about 400 people occupy AXA to protest against poverty and homelessness in general in Paris?
What has edged down to around 11. 6 percent in recent months?
Who did Claire Villiers say had singled out ``a very big financial company to reduce taxes for the rich?''
What were protests staged in some 60 cities throughout the country against?
Where did about 400 people occupy the headquarters of French insurance firm AXA to protest against poverty and homelessness in general?
What did PARIS _ Thousands of jobless demonstrate across France on Monday to press the Socialist-led government for?
Where did some 200 people show up at the doors of the regional council building demanding that local officials hear them out?
What did PARIS _ Thousands of jobless demonstrate across France on Monday to press for a bigger increase in unemployment benefits and a Christmas bonus?
What did some 200 people show up at in the Mediterranean port city of Marseille?
What were protests staged in some 60 cities throughout against a 3 percent rise in unemployment benefits announced by Prime Minister Lionel Jospin last week?
What did the headquarters of French insurance firm unfurl?
What did about 400 people occupy the headquarters of French insurance firm AXA to protest against in general in Paris?
Where were protests staged throughout the country against a 3 percent rise in unemployment benefits announced by Prime Minister Lionel Jospin last week?
What did Claire Villiers say for?''
What did Claire Villiers say the protesters had singled out ``to reduce taxes for the rich?''
Who said the protesters had singled out ``a very big financial company to reduce taxes for the rich?''
What was Claire Villiers of?
What did PARIS _ Thousands of jobless demonstrate across on Monday to press the Socialist-led government for a bigger increase in unemployment benefits and a Christmas bonus?
What did Claire Villiers say the protesters had singled out ``a very big financial company to reduce for the rich?''
How many people showed up at the doors of the regional council building demanding that local officials hear them out in the Mediterranean port city of Marseille?
What did Claire Villiers say the protesters had singled out ``a very big financial company to reduce taxes for?''
Who was of Act Together against Unemployment?
What did some 200 people show up at the doors of the regional council building demanding in the Mediterranean port city of Marseille?
What were more demonstrations planned in later in the day?
When were more demonstrations planned in Toulouse later?
What demonstrated across France on Monday to press the Socialist-led government for a bigger increase in unemployment benefits and a Christmas bonus?
Where were protests?
When did PARIS _ Thousands of jobless demonstrate across France to press the Socialist-led government for a bigger increase in unemployment benefits and a Christmas bonus?
What did the Labor Ministry say the number of unemployed fell to in November down 4,700 from October?
What did the Labor Ministry say the number of unemployed fell to 2,940,800 in November down from October?
What had the jobless rate in October been?
When did the Labor Ministry say the number of unemployed fell to 2,940,800 down 4,700 from October?
What did PARIS _ France's unemployment rate drop slightly to in November?
When did PARIS _ France's unemployment rate drop slightly to 11. 5 percent?
What said Young people less than 25 years old were the main winners?
What said Friday nearly 3 million people remain without a job?
What did the ministry say were the main winners?
When did the Labor Ministry say nearly 3 million people remain without a job?
What also managed to find work?
What is one a major problem that has contributed to a rise in crime and violence?
How many people did the Labor Ministry say Friday remain without a job?
What said the number of unemployed fell to 2,940,800 in November down 4,700 from October?
What did the Labor Ministry say fell to 2,940,800 in November down 4,700 from October?
When did the Labor Ministry say the number of unemployed fell to 2,940,800 in November down 4,700?
What did the Labor Ministry say Friday nearly 3 million people remain without?
What did the Labor Ministry say Friday remain without a job?
When had been 11. 6 percent?
What did jobless over 50 also manage to find?
What dropped slightly to 11. 5 percent in November?
Who did the ministry say Young people less than 25 years old were?
What did the peaceful demonstration consist of a series of speeches at?
What was the demonstration with?
What did LYON June 27-- Several hundred people take part in the demonstration here today against?
Who did he say ``appeal to the members of the G-7 to take stock of their power and its failures''?
Who said ``We appeal to the members of the G-7 to take stock of their power and its failures''?
What was France?
Who did the G-7 summit draw here from France, the United States, Canada, Britain, Germany, Italy and Japan?
What did the protest take when leaders of the group of seven industrialized nations gathered in this southeastern French city for a three-day summit meeting?
What is mass unemployment?
What drew here leaders from France, the United States, Canada, Britain, Germany, Italy and Japan?
What was one of three staged to coincide with the G-7 summit?
What did Nigerian Nobel Literature Prize laureate Wole Soyinka chair?
What did the peaceful demonstration consist of at Lyon's city labor exchange?
What was the demonstration staged to coincide with the G-7 summit?
What is a widening gap between the North and the South?
What is ``leading to mass unemployment?''
What consisted of a series of speeches at Lyon's city labor exchange?
What did the G-7 summit draw here leaders from?
Who did he say ``We appeal to to take stock of their power and its failures''?
What was the demonstration one of three staged to coincide with?
What is this ``leading to?''
What took part in the demonstration here today against the policies of the world's most developed nations?
What was the peaceful demonstration organized by?
What took place when leaders of the group of seven industrialized nations gathered in this southeastern French city for a three-day summit meeting?
Who chaired the event?
Who did he say ``to''?
What was organized by a group of 53 non-governmental organizations?
What did he say ``We appeal to the members of the G-7 to take stock of''?
What was LYON?
What did he say ``We appeal to the members of the G-7 to take''?
What did pARIS- France has raised its unemployment benefits by 2. 45 percent as of July 1, announce?
Who was president of the unemployment insurance?
What did pARIS- France has raised its unemployment benefits by 2. 45 percent as of July 1, announce Denis Gautier-Sauvagnac regime of?
What did this bring the minimum unemployment benefit with to 142. 24 francs a day?
What announced Denis Gautier-Sauvagnac regime of UNEDIC?
Who was Denis Gautier-Sauvagnac?
What did this bring the minimum unemployment benefit with a system of degressivity to a day?
What was Denis Gautier-Sauvagnac president of?
What raised unemployment benefit last in July 1995?
What did the UNEDIC raise the amount of?
What did the UNEDIC raise?
What brought the minimum unemployment benefit with a system of degressivity to 142. 24 francs a day?
What raised the amount of the ``floor'' of unemployment benefit?
What did the UNEDIC raise last in July 1995?
When were pARIS?
When did the UNEDIC raise unemployment benefit last?
What were July 4?
Who said in a report for the number of jobless's Thursday edition that the rise of unemployment in June was partly attributed to the season?
What did he list as examples of government errors?
When did June register a 0. 7 percent increase over the previous month and a 4. 6 percent rise?
When did Le Monde say in a report for its Thursday edition that the rise of unemployment in June was partly attributed?
What did the local daily say another reason is?
What said the National Institution of Statistics and Economics Study expects a 12. 3-12. 5 percent unemployment rate?
What does the French Observatory of Economic Circumstances expect an unemployed population of by the end of the year and 120,000 in the following year?
When did Minister of Labor, Employment and Social Affairs Jacques Barrot say that the government will subsidize 15-20 billion francs in 1997 to finance employment programs?
What rose by 22,800 in June?
When did Minister of Labor, Employment and Social Affairs Jacques Barrot say today?
What did he list as reduction of allocations for the new school year, lay-offs in public sectors and reduction of social plans in the defense industry?
When did pARIS-- The number of jobless in France rise by 22,800?
What did the opposition Socialist Party say the rise of unemployment underlines?
What did the opposition Socialist Party say the rise of unemployment underlines the failure of?
Who said that the rise of unemployment in June has given ground for speculation of an even darker employment situation?
When did Minister of Labor, Employment and Social Affairs Jacques Barrot say today that the government will subsidize 15-20 billion francs to finance employment programs?
What did the Group of Applied Macro-Economic Analysis say today that the French economy will have in the whole year of 1996?
What did the economic growth drop by in the April-May-June period?
When did the Group of Applied Macro-Economic Analysis say today?
What did pARIS-- The number of jobless in France rise by in June?
Who said today that the government will subsidize 15-20 billion francs in 1997 to finance employment programs?
What did Minister of Labor, Employment and Social Affairs Jacques Barrot say today that the government will subsidize in 1997 to finance employment programs?
When did Le Monde say in a report for the number of jobless's Thursday edition?
When did the Group of Applied Macro-Economic Analysis say that the French economy will have a growth of 1. 4-1. 5 percent in the whole year of 1996?
What expects an unemployed population of 140,000 by the end of the year and 120,000 in the following year?
What are not in the least encouraging, ``For the year''?
What dropped by 0. 3 percent in the April-May-June period?
When did the Group of Applied Macro-Economic Analysis say today that the French economy will have a growth of 1. 4-1. 5 percent?
What did Agence France Presse say that the rise of unemployment in June has given ground for?
What did AFP say the National Institution of Statistics and Economics Study expects?
What now stands at 3,065,600, or 12. 5 percent of the working age population of the country?
What did Socialist Party spokesman Francois Hollande list as examples of government errors?
How many francs did Minister of Labor, Employment and Social Affairs Jacques Barrot say today that the government will subsidize in 1997 to finance employment programs?
What did AFP say expects a 12. 3-12. 5 percent unemployment rate?
What were July 31?
When did Le Monde say in a report for the number of jobless's Thursday edition that the rise of unemployment in June was partly attributed?
What are the forecasts of specialists not in encouraging, ``For the year''?
What did the local daily say is that the economic climate in France remains bad?
Who said in a report for its Thursday edition that the rise of unemployment in June was partly attributed to the season?
What does the French Observatory of Economic Circumstances expect by the end of the year and 120,000 in the following year?
What does the French Observatory of Economic Circumstances expect an unemployed population of 140,000 by in the following year?
What said another reason is that the economic climate in France remains bad?
What did the opposition Socialist Party say underlines the failure of government policy?
When registered a 0. 7 percent increase over the previous month and a 4. 6 percent rise over the same period last year?
What did the Group of Applied Macro-Economic Analysis say today that the French economy will have a growth of in the whole year of 1996?
What does the total number of jobless in France now stand at?
What said the rise of unemployment underlines the failure of government policy?
What did Agence France Presse say that the rise of unemployment in June has given for speculation of an even darker employment situation?
Who listed as examples of government errors reduction of allocations for the new school year, lay-offs in public sectors and reduction of social plans in the defense industry?
When does the French Observatory of Economic Circumstances expect an unemployed population of 140,000 by the end of the year and 120,000?
What did the opposition Socialist Party say?
What did Agence France Presse say for?
When did the economic growth drop by 0. 3 percent?
What did Le Monde say in that the rise of unemployment in June was partly attributed to the season?
What said today that the French economy will have a growth of 1. 4-1. 5 percent in the whole year of 1996?
When were pARIS?
When did Le Monde say in a report for its Thursday edition?
What did June register over the same period last year?
What did Minister of Labor, Employment and Social Affairs Jacques Barrot say today that the government will subsidize 15-20 billion francs in 1997 to finance?
What did Japan keep its unemployment rate as low as below in 1960s and early 1970s?
What does West Germany's rise reach 6. 5 percent last year with?
When did the New York Times decline steadily?
When did it stand at 5. 4 percent?
What did french unemployment reach?
Who have continued to edge up in 1996?
When did the New York Times say that the long-term trends emerge from detailed figures that the U. S. Labor Department has just published?
What have shown a strong rise with little sign of improvement?
Who said ``There's a different focus of the government''?
What did the New York Times say today that the long-term trends emerge from detailed figures?
When did the New York Times reach?
What did Japan keep as low as below 2 percent in 1960s and early 1970s?
What said today that the long-term trends emerge from detailed figures that the U. S. Labor Department has just published?
What did the figures show at?
Who explained that not throwing someone on the street to work for whatever wage he or she can get?
When did the New York Times hover around the 5. 6 percent level?
What did Japan keep its unemployment rate as low as below 2 percent in?
What did he explain on?''
What did the New York Times hover in recent months around?
When did a new French law go into effect that encourages businesses to cut working hours and hire more workers?
What did Mark Anderson say ``There's''?
What reaches 6. 5 percent last year with the percentage in the former East Germany not being included?
What stood at 5. 4 percent in July?
Whose administration was 1982 the first full year of?
What did the paper say?
What did Japan break only in 1976?
What declined steadily for the next seven years?
What did Mark Anderson explain?
What dropped to 8. 3 percent in 1995?
What have most of major Western nations shown?
What did he explain that not throwing to work for whatever wage he or she can get?
What was 1982 the first full year of?
What said european governments worry a lot about unemployment?
What is the only major European country whose joblessness peaked at 11. 8 percent in 1983?
What did the New York Times say today from?
When did the figures show that the U. S. joblessness peaked at 9. 7 percent?
What did West German unemployment more than double to in 1975?
When have figures for Japan, Germany, France and Italy continued to edge up?
What reached 11. 5 percent last year and Italy's 12 percent?
When did Britain drop to 8. 3 percent?
When was 1982?
What did it hover in recent months around?
What did the newspaper say have failed to reverse the upward trend?
When did the New York Times stand at 5. 4 percent?
What did the newspaper say worry a lot about unemployment?
Who was Mark Anderson?
What did Mark Anderson explain that not throwing to work for whatever wage he or she can get?
When was the first full year of President Reagan's administration?
What is August 19?
What did the newspaper say european governments worry?
What did a slow, steady rise over two decades push it over this year?
Who was director of international trade for the AFL-CIO?
When did West German unemployment more than double to 3. 4 percent?
What did joblessness in France also rise sharply to 4. 2 percent from?
What did joblessness in France also rise sharply to from 2. 9 percent?
When did it hover around the 5. 6 percent level?
What did the figures show that the U. S. joblessness peaked at in 1982?
What did a new French law go into on Thursday?
What broke that barrier only in 1976?
When did France and especially West Germany also have?
What showed that the U. S. joblessness peaked at 9. 7 percent in 1982?
What did Britain drop to in 1995?
What did the newspaper say european governments have failed to reverse?
What did Mark Anderson say ?
What did a slow, steady rise over two decades push Japan over this year?
What did Mark Anderson say ``There's a different focus of''?
What did Mark Anderson explain on?''
What did the New York Times say today that the long-term trends emerge from that the U. S. Labor Department has just published?
What said that many economists doubt if it will work?
What kept its unemployment rate as low as below 2 percent in 1960s and early 1970s?
What pushed Japan over 3. 5 percent this year?
What has continued?
When is WASHINGTON?
What also had a history of keeping unemployment low in the 1960s and early 1970s?
What more than doubled to 3. 4 percent in 1975?
What went into effect that encourages businesses to cut working hours and hire more workers on Thursday?
What was Mark Anderson director of for the AFL-CIO?
What pushed it over 3. 5 percent this year?
What hovered in recent months around the 5. 6 percent level?
When did Japan break that barrier?
When did it decline steadily?
What is Britain?
What reached last year?
What did it stand at in July?
What did the New York Times stand at in July?
When did it reach?
Who also rose sharply to 4. 2 percent from 2. 9 percent?
What did the newspaper say european governments worry a lot about?
What did he explain?
What said european governments have failed to reverse the upward trend?
Who explained that ``they focus more on a fairer distribution of income?''
What was September 6-- The fight against poverty and social exclusion is considered by Frenchmen and Frenchwomen as the second most important issue of the country after unemployment?
Who did 49 percent of Frenchmen say they knew personally?
When was PARIS?
Who did 49 percent of Frenchmen say six years knew personally?
What do ninety-four percent of the Communist Party members polled say the state has not done enough for?
What say that they think about poverty and exclusion from time to time?
What do fifty-one percent of people aged between 18 and 24 say about?
What do 9 percent of the members of working class say never think about poverty and exclusion?
What do ninety-four percent of the Communist Party members polled say for?
Who say they never think about poverty and exclusion?
What did 49 percent of Frenchmen say?
Who said they knew personally someone who was living in poverty?
What do 9 percent of the members of working class say they never think about?
What say that they feel ``disarmed and powerless'' in front of the problem of poverty?
Who did 49 percent of Frenchmen say knew personally someone who was living in poverty?
What do fifty-two percent of the polled say personally know someone who is living in poverty or is in the danger of falling into poverty?
How many poor people in France do sixty-two percent of people say that to have is something unacceptable?
What did 49 percent of Frenchmen say knew personally someone who was living in poverty?
What do seventy-three percent people say that unemployment of long duration is the principal cause of?
What do fifty-one percent of people aged between 18 and 24 say that they think about from time to time?
How many years did 49 percent of Frenchmen say knew personally someone who was living in poverty?
When did 49 percent of Frenchmen say knew personally someone who was living in poverty?
What said a poll published by the newspaper ``Le Croix'' today?
What say that unemployment of long duration is the principal cause of poverty?
What was followed by the lack of development of job market, and lack of solidarity among people as other causes of poverty?
Who do fifty-two percent of the polled say personally know someone who is living in poverty or is in the danger of falling into poverty?
What do sixty-two percent of people say?
What did PARIS say?
What do seventy-three percent people say that unemployment of long duration is?
When was the poll conducted by the SOFRES polling group on 1,000 people who are above 18 and from different social groups?
What do 20 percent say that 1,000 people who are above 18 feel ``disarmed and powerless'' in?
When do fifty-one percent of people aged between 18 and 24 say that they think about poverty and exclusion?
What was conducted by the SOFRES polling group on August 28-30 on 1,000 people who are above 18 and from different social groups?
What do 9 percent of the members of working class say about?
What do sixty-two percent of people say that to have is something unacceptable?
What do 20 percent say that they feel ``disarmed and powerless'' in?
Who do 9 percent of the members of working class say never think about poverty and exclusion?
Who said six years knew personally someone who was living in poverty?
What do 20 percent say in?
What say that to have five million poor people in France is something unacceptable?
What do seventy-three percent people say?
What say they personally know someone who is living in poverty or is in the danger of falling into poverty?
What do fifty-two percent of the polled say in?
What was the poll conducted by on August 28-30 on 1,000 people who are above 18 and from different social groups?
What do ninety-four percent of the Communist Party members polled say has not done enough for the poor?
What say that 1,000 people who are above 18 feel ``disarmed and powerless'' in front of the problem of poverty?
What was poverty followed by?
What do most of the members of rightist groups and Catholic communities say?
Who say the opposite?
Who say the state has not done enough for the poor?
What did the OECD also call on France to pursue the reform of ``beyond Maastricht?''
When could 2. 5 percent's public deficit drop to 3. 2 percent of its gross domestic product?
What did the OECD call on France to pay attention to?
What did it also call on France to pursue ``beyond Maastricht?''
Where did it also call to pursue the reform of public spending ``beyond Maastricht?''
What did today call on France to adopt more flexible socio-economic policies in?
What did the OECD also call on France to pursue ``beyond Maastricht?''
What gave credit to the French government over economic growth?
When did the OECD say that France's economic growth rate could attain 2. 5 percent?
What did today call on France to adopt in its on-going structural reforms?
What did the OECD say?''
What called on France to pay attention to the reform of its public sector management?
What did the OECD point out?
What did the OECD predict that France's unemployment should fall over?
What did it say in?
What said that France's economic growth rate could attain 2. 5 percent in 1997, and 2. 6 percent in 1998?
What is one of the highest among OECD countries in terms of its GDP?
Where did the OECD also call to pursue the reform of public spending ``beyond Maastricht?''
What did the report say this means that the aim by the French government to attain the Maastricht deficit limit for joining the European single currency is within?
What did the OECD also call on to pursue the reform of public spending ``beyond Maastricht?''
What could 2. 5 percent's public deficit drop to by the end of 1997?
What did it also call on to pursue the reform of public spending ``beyond Maastricht?''
What predicted that France's unemployment should fall over the medium term due to reduction in cyclical unemployment?
What did the OECD call on to pay attention to the reform of its public sector management?
What was the euro?
When called on France to adopt more flexible socio-economic policies in its on-going structural reforms?
Where did today call to adopt more flexible socio-economic policies in its on-going structural reforms?
What did the OECD predict over?
What is France's public spending one of the highest among OECD countries in?
What was February 13-- The Organization for Economic Cooperation and Development?
When did it say that France's economic growth rate could attain 2. 5 percent?
What did the OECD point out that many other OECD countries have?
When would demographic changes suggest?
What does the high unemployment rate of France stand around?
What is France's public spending in terms of its GDP?
What did the OECD say that France's economic growth rate could attain in 1997, and 2. 6 percent in 1998?
What did the report say this means within?
What pointed out that many other OECD countries have more flexible public sector management?
When was PARIS?
Who did it also call on France to pursue the reform of public spending ``beyond?''
What said that the high unemployment rate of France reflects the ``substantial structural impediments in the functioning of labor markets'' of the country?
What said this means that the aim by the French government to attain the Maastricht deficit limit for joining the European single currency is within reach?
What could drop to 3. 2 percent of its gross domestic product by the end of 1997?
What should the measures reduce?
What could its public deficit drop to by the end of 1997?
What did it say that France's economic growth rate could attain in 1997, and 2. 6 percent in 1998?
What did the OECD say?
What did it predict that France's unemployment should fall over?
What did the OECD give credit to over economic growth?
Who did the OECD also call on France to pursue the reform of public spending ``beyond?''
What said that the real problem France is faced with is not only ``cyclical'' but also ``structural?''
What did the OECD give to the French government over economic growth?
What did it predict over?
What is France's public spending one of in terms of its GDP?
What stands around 12. 5 percent?
What did the OECD give credit to the French government over?
What also called on France to pursue the reform of public spending ``beyond Maastricht?''
When did the OECD say?
What did the OECD say that the high unemployment rate of France reflects the ``substantial structural impediments in the functioning of labor markets'' of?
What was the European single currency?
What would suggest that spending pressures are likely to build up after the year 2000?
What did France's public spending say in?
What did today call on to adopt more flexible socio-economic policies in its on-going structural reforms?
What did it also call on France to pursue the reform of ``beyond Maastricht?''
What did the OECD say that the high unemployment rate of France reflects?
When did it say?
Where did the OECD call to pay attention to the reform of its public sector management?
What did the report say means that the aim by the French government to attain the Maastricht deficit limit for joining the European single currency is within reach?
What should reduce structural unemployment?
What did the OECD call on France to pay to the reform of its public sector management?
When could its public deficit drop to 3. 2 percent of its gross domestic product?
What was France's social protection system in?
What does it suggest that the role of minimum wage ``as a distributive instrument'' be reassessed with?
What was the SMIC?
What did the OECD also express over the high costs of France's social protection system?
What did the OECD say?''
What said, ``Despite the 1993 reform of the unemployment insurance system, replacement rates have remained relatively high for low income earners''?
What did the OECD also call on to raise restrictions on the renewal of job contracts for an undetermined period of time?
Where did the OECD say?''
What did it say that some collective agreements on employment contain?''
What also called on France to increase the flexibility of work schedules?
What did the OECD also call on to increase the flexibility of work schedules?
What did the OECD also call on France to reduce by enterprises?
What can lay off workers out of economic difficulties?
What was in particular the high cost of unemployment insurance and unemployment compensation rates?
When does PARIS suggest that the minimum wage be differentiated?
Where did the OECD report point out that working hour flexibility for full-time workers is ``not as yet very developed''?
What did the OECD say that some collective agreements on employment contain?''
What does PARIS suggest with?
What did PARIS say?
What did it say in?''
Where did the OECD also call to raise restrictions on the renewal of job contracts for an undetermined period of time?
What did it say?''
When was part-time employment underdeveloped by comparison with other OECD countries at France?
What did the OECD report point out in?
What did it suggest?''
When did the report say?
What was part-time employment underdeveloped by comparison with other OECD countries in the past at?
What was February 13-- The OECD report?
Where did it point out that working hour flexibility for full-time workers is ``not as yet very developed''?
What did the OECD also call on France to reduce restrictions on mass lay-offs by?
What suggests that the role of minimum wage ``as a distributive instrument'' be reassessed with the objective of increasing employment opportunities?
What was the country's minimum wage system?
Who can french enterprises lay off out of economic difficulties?
When does it suggest?
What did it say that the costs of mass layoffs and the time they take to implement are ``substantial'' in?''
What did the country's minimum wage system suggest?''
What said that the labor costs for low-skilled workers in France are too high, and recommended that wage flexibility should be raised?
What recognized the social performance of the welfare system of France?
What said that since 1992, the supply of part-time jobs has risen substantially in France?
Where was part-time employment underdeveloped by comparison with other OECD countries in the past?
When does PARIS suggest?
What did it point out that working hour flexibility for full-time workers is ``not as yet very developed'' in?
What also expressed worry over the high costs of France's social protection system?
When was PARIS?
What said that some collective agreements on employment contain ``stringent obligations which can severely hamper the pace of restructuring?''
Where did the report say that since 1992, the supply of part-time jobs has risen substantially?
When does it suggest that the minimum wage be differentiated?
Where did it say that the costs of mass layoffs and the time they take to implement are ``substantial''?''
What did the OECD report point out that working hour flexibility for full-time workers is ``not as yet very developed'' in?
Where did the OECD report point out?
What was part-time employment underdeveloped by in the past at France?
What said, ``little progress in striking such agreements has actually been made''?
What has been relaxed?
What did the OECD also call on to reduce restrictions on mass lay-offs by enterprises?
What suggested that the problems of unemployment and poverty in France be solved through ``making the country's benefit system less generous?''
What does PARIS suggest that the role of minimum wage ``as a distributive instrument'' be reassessed with?
What did the OECD also call on France to increase?
What did the OECD recognize?
What did the OECD recognize the social performance of?
When did the report say that, the supply of part-time jobs has risen substantially in France?
What did the OECD also express worry over?
What suggests that the minimum wage be differentiated by age and region?
What did the OECD also call on France to increase the flexibility of?
What pointed out that working hour flexibility for full-time workers is ``not as yet very developed'' in France?
Where did it say?''
What did the OECD say in?''
What did the OECD also call on France to raise?
What said, ``Since 1994, agreements providing for greater flexibility compensated by an overall reduction in working hours have been allowed''?
What also called on France to raise restrictions on the renewal of job contracts for an undetermined period of time?
What does it suggest with?
Where did it point out?
What also called on France to reduce restrictions on mass lay-offs by enterprises?
What did the report say that since 1992, the supply of part-time jobs has risen substantially in?
What did it point out in?
Where did the OECD also call to increase the flexibility of work schedules?
Where did the OECD also call to reduce restrictions on mass lay-offs by enterprises?
What was underdeveloped by comparison with other OECD countries in the past at France?
What said that the costs of mass layoffs and the time they take to implement are ``substantial'' in France?''
What will the 43-year-old new British Prime Minister tell the other EU leaders?
Who is expected to press the case for Europe to move towards the policies that have encouraged overseas firms to choose Britain as a base for investment?
What will the 43-year-old new British Prime Minister tell the other EU leaders that there is?
What won Blair's Labor a landslide victory on the May 1 general election?
Who would veto such extra costs being imposed here?
When is LONDON?
What would we veto?
What is to tell his European Union partners that he would stand in the way of attempts to introduce higher social costs in Britain?
What is May 22-- British Prime Minister Tony Blair?
What did Waigel tell reporters in Munich to?
What admitted today that Germany may slightly overshoot the debt requirement for joining the planned single European currency-- the Euro?
Who will be selected to take part in early 1998 based on full economic data of 1997?
What has Germany so far insisted on?
What did BONN admit today?
What has openly asked for a softening in the interpretation of the qualification terms of the Euro?
When did BONN admit that Germany may slightly overshoot the debt requirement for joining the planned single European currency-- the Euro?
Who reiterated that three should not be softened?
What did Waigel reiterate that three was?
What did BONN stress?
What has France openly asked for?
What stressed that other criteria would be strictly adhered to?
Who reiterated that three was three?
Who reiterated that it should not be softened?
When was BONN?
Who is due to be introduced from January 1,1999?
What was June 18-- German Finance Minister Theo Waigel?
What did Waigel reiterate?
What did BONN admit today that Germany may slightly overshoot?
What has so far insisted on strict adherence?
Who was in charge of employment and social affairs?
When are bRUSSELS?
What did European Commissioner Padraig Flynn say earlier this week for?
What did the journal of European Report say at?
What was Today's meeting said to be held with consensus that the problem of unemployment has to be solved through?
What did one EU spokesperson say was not calling for extra expenditure on unemployment allowances?
What did the ministers agree that they have to move toward?
What is unemployment as high as in Ireland?
What had been for much of the past decade?
What are focused on the issue?
Who spent a long Wednesday airing their sometimes poles-apart views while discussing the guidelines for member states employment policies in 1998?
What had it been for?
What continued today for what looked likely to be another prolonged working day for the ministers?
What is the EU dedicating the present week as week?
What did Wednesday's discussions conclude without?
What was European Commissioner Padraig Flynn in?
What is the EU already paying 200 billion ECU each year in?
What was it calling for to be offered in youth employment and long-term employment?
Who agreed that they have to move toward concrete and quantifiable commitments for the guidelines which will be delivered to the job summit?
What was 9. 6 percent?
What is dedicating the present week as employment week?
What are discussions and meetings focused on?
What did the EU ministers spend a long Wednesday airing while discussing the guidelines for member states employment policies in 1998?
When did the discussion continue for what looked likely to be another prolonged working day for the ministers?
What announced its fifth post-war record high of 11. 7 percent last month?
What did the journal of European Report say that unemployment in Germany was at?
What was the EU calling for to be offered in youth employment and long-term employment?
What concluded without an expected press conference?
Where is unemployment as high as 19. 2 percent in Spain, 12. 6 percent in both Finland and France and 10. 7 percent?
When did the EU ministers spend airing their sometimes poles-apart views while discussing the guidelines for member states employment policies in 1998?
Who said the union was not calling for extra expenditure on unemployment allowances?
Where will the summit later this month be?
What will be in Luxembourg?
What were observers here left with?''
What are November 6?
What had the zone of high unemployment been for?
What is unemployment as high as 19. 2 percent in Spain, 12. 6 percent in both Finland and France and 10. 7 percent in?
What was the country?
What is already paying 200 billion ECU each year in unemployment allowances?
What was said to be held with consensus that the problem of unemployment has to be solved through entrepreneurship?
What was Today's meeting said to be held with consensus through?
What was calling for priorities to be offered in youth employment and long-term employment?
What said that unemployment in Germany was at 9. 6 percent?
What did one EU spokesperson say the union was not calling for?
What did the ministers agree toward?
What is as high as 19. 2 percent in Spain, 12. 6 percent in both Finland and France and 10. 7 percent in Ireland?
What will the summit later this month be in?
What did one EU spokesperson say for?
What did the daily Liberte de l'Est say that the question can cite to homelessness at this Christmas season?
Who said that the question can cite a long list of social conflicts from unemployment to homelessness at this Christmas season?
When urged the prefectural governments to take care of the unemployed people ``in distress''?''
What did the official unemployment insurance agency UNEDIC have to close its door in Wednesday because of protest activities?
What did Thursday urge the prefectural governments to take care of ``in distress''?''
What is also centered on social disparity in France?
What is the question also centered on?
What did militants and unionists stage over the past week against unemployment?
Who did the workers of a Mercedes d'Etoile automobile plant in Valence in southeast France stage a strike on that day to support?
When is PARIS?
What did the daily Le Berry Republicain say only as?
Who said that the daily L'Humanite said that the seemingly rising prosperity as is shown remains to be proved yet?
What did Thursday urge the prefectural governments to take care of the unemployed people ``in''?''
What did the daily Liberte de l'Est say to?
What did police force out of an occupied mayoral office building of a district in Marseille?
When did the daily Liberte de l'Est say that the question can cite a long list of social conflicts from unemployment to homelessness?
Who staged several protests over the past week against unemployment?
When does the government prepare a law on social solidarity to be presented?
What did Thursday urge to take care of the unemployed people ``in distress''?''
What did the daily Liberte de l'Est say that one can cite to homelessness at this Christmas season?
What is December 25-- The 12. 5 percent unemployment rate?
What prepares a law on social solidarity to be presented in February?
What did french unions join for the first time on Wednesday organized by unemployed workers in Paris for each unemployed worker?
What did the daily Le Berry Republicain say?
What did the official unemployment insurance agency UNEDIC have to close its door in Paris Wednesday because of?
What forced some 40 unemployed people out of an occupied mayoral office building of a district in Marseille?
What did unemployed workers demand?
What did unemployed workers demand a Christmas bonus of?
What were staged on the same day in Havre in northern France and in Marseille?
What had to close its door in Paris Wednesday because of protest activities?
Who said that Christmas now remains only as a ``reserve'' of remote impressions of fairy-tales?
What did french unions join the protests for for each unemployed worker?
What does the government prepare a law on to be presented in February?
When did militants and unionists stage several protests against unemployment?
What did big shops report better Christmas shoppings this year than?
What did the daily Le Berry Republicain say that Christmas now remains only as?
How many unemployed people did police force out of an occupied mayoral office building of a district in Marseille?
When urged the prefectural governments to solve some ``emergency cases?''
What did Thursday urge to solve some ``emergency cases?''
What did Thursday urge the prefectural governments to solve?''
What did militants and unionists stage several protests over the past week against?
What is the government studying by the Communist Party to subsidize a 1,500 francs social aid for each unemployed workers who are more than 55 years old?
What did the daily Liberte de l'Est say that one can cite a long list of to homelessness at this Christmas season?
What reported better Christmas shoppings this year than the last?
Who demanded a Christmas bonus of 3,000 to 5,000 francs?
What did the official unemployment insurance agency UNEDIC have to close its door in Paris because of protest activities?
What is haunting the Christmas season in France as militants and unionists staged several protests over the past week against unemployment?
What did the daily Liberte de l'Est say that one can cite a long list of social conflicts from unemployment to at this Christmas season?
Where did the official unemployment insurance agency UNEDIC have to close its door Wednesday because of protest activities?
What did the workers of a Mercedes d'Etoile automobile plant in Valence in southeast France stage on that day to support their manager?
What did Thursday urge the prefectural governments to take ``in distress''?''
What does the government prepare on social solidarity to be presented in February?
Who was said to have been fired by the superiors for keeping the workers on the job?
What joined the protests for the first time on Wednesday organized by unemployed workers in Paris for each unemployed worker?
Who did french unions join the protests for the first time on Wednesday organized by unemployed workers in Paris for?
What did the daily Liberte de l'Est say that the question can cite a long list of social conflicts from unemployment to at this Christmas season?
When did the daily Liberte de l'Est say that one can cite a long list of social conflicts from unemployment to homelessness?
What did the daily Le Berry Republicain say that the daily L'Humanite said?
What did the daily Liberte de l'Est say that the question can cite a long list of to homelessness at this Christmas season?
What did the official unemployment insurance agency UNEDIC have to close in Paris Wednesday because of protest activities?
What is studying a proposal by the Communist Party to subsidize a 1,500 francs social aid for each unemployed workers who are more than 55 years old?
Who said that one can cite a long list of social conflicts from unemployment to homelessness at this Christmas season?
When did the workers of a Mercedes d'Etoile automobile plant in Valence in southeast France stage a strike to support their manager?
When is PARIS haunting as militants and unionists staged several protests over the past week against unemployment?
Who staged a strike on that day to support their manager?
What is the government studying a proposal by to subsidize a 1,500 francs social aid for each unemployed workers who are more than 55 years old?
What is also the first time for the unemployment rate in France to be below 12. 5 percent since September 1996?
What did the ministry say the drop of unemployment rates among young men and young women below 25 had contributed to?
When does this mean?
What is November?
What said the Ministry of Employment Tuesday?
What did people who remained jobless for more than one year increase by in November?
What was December 30-- The unemployment rate in France dropped by 0. 3 percent to stand at 12. 4 percent in November?
When was PARIS?
What did the ministry say had contributed to the overall improvement of job situation in the country?
When is this also?
Where did people who remained jobless for more than one year take up 36. 8 percent of the overall number of the unemployed?
What does this mean that France had in November according to the official way of accounting unemployment?
What took up 36. 8 percent of the overall number of the unemployed in France?
What did the unemployment rate drop by 0. 2 percent and 0. 1 percent in?
What said the drop of unemployment rates among young men and young women below 25 had contributed to the overall improvement of job situation in the country?
What did people who remained jobless for more than one year take up 36. 8 percent of in France?
What increased by 1. 2 percent in November?
What dropped by 0. 2 percent and 0. 1 percent in Septebmer and October?
What means that France had 3,114,600 jobless people in November according to the official way of accounting unemployment?
How many jobless people does this mean that France had in November according to the official way of accounting unemployment?
When dropped by 2. 2 percent?
What did the unemployment rate drop by in Septebmer and October?
What did people who remained jobless for more than one year take up in France?
What did the jobless rate among young men drop by?
When does this mean that France had 3,114,600 jobless people according to the official way of accounting unemployment?
When is 9,000 fewer than in October?
When did people who remained jobless for more than one year increase by 1. 2 percent?
What did people who remained jobless for more than one year take up 36. 8 percent of the overall number of the unemployed in?
What was December 31-- French President Jacques Chirac?
What did he say is never?
What did he say is today?
Who said each day is today?
What did he say the law is the primary guarantee of?
What did french President Jacques Chirac say is the primary guarantee of freedom?
What did french President Jacques Chirac say the law is the primary guarantee of?
What did french President Jacques Chirac say will never be of particular interests?
When did PARIS give his New Year good wish message to the French people?
Who appealed to all French citizens to be attached to the principle of tolerance?
What was your primary worry?
Who did french President Jacques Chirac appeal to to take up their responsibilities to protect the republic values of France?
When only separate us from the year 2000?
Who has schools, streets and in public transport become one top worry of together with unemployment?
What did french President Jacques Chirac say?
What did Chirac call on the French people to reject all the ideas which endanger the unity of the nation in?
What did he appeal to all French citizens to take up to protect the republic values of France?
What did french President Jacques Chirac appeal to all French citizens to take up their responsibilities to protect the republic values of?
What gave this evening his New Year good wish message to the French people?
What did he say that there exists?
Whose New Year did PARIS give this evening to the French people?
What did french President Jacques Chirac say that there exists?
What did french President Jacques Chirac say the public balance sheet will never be of?
What did Chirac appeal to the French people for a rally in preparation for the 21st century in?
What did french President Jacques Chirac say the law is?
When only separate the French people from the year 2000?
Who said the law is the primary guarantee of freedom?
What did french President Jacques Chirac stress?
Who did he say live in a time of uncertainty and difficulty, but also rich of promises and possibilities?
What did he appeal to all French citizens to take up their responsibilities to protect the republic values of?
Who said we live in a time of uncertainty and difficulty, but also rich of promises and possibilities?
What blurred Time is speeding?
Who stressed that the government would play its role in cracking down crimes and punish those who break the law?
When did french President Jacques Chirac say the French people live?
What did he appeal to all French citizens to be attached to?
Who did Chirac also call on to better contribute to the construction of the European Union by becoming more flexible in their way of thinking and more creative?
Who did french President Jacques Chirac appeal to to be attached to the principle of tolerance?
Who said it is today?
When did he say we live?
What did he say the law is?
What did he say?
What did french President Jacques Chirac appeal to all French citizens to take up to protect the republic values of France?
When do twenty-four months only separate us?
What has schools, streets and in public transport become together with unemployment?
Who also called on the French people to better contribute to the construction of the European Union by becoming more flexible in their way of thinking and more creative?
When do twenty-four months only separate the French people?
When did french President Jacques Chirac say is today?
Who did Chirac call on to reject all the ideas which endanger the unity of the nation in a clear reference to the extreme-right National Front?
What has schools, streets and in public transport become one top worry of the French people together with?
What did he say will never be of particular interests?
When was PARIS?
Who said the public balance sheet is never?
Who said the public balance sheet will never be of particular interests?
When did changes frontiers becoming blur is speeding?
What did french President Jacques Chirac appeal to all French citizens to be attached to?
What did PARIS give this evening to the French people?
What has become one top worry of the French people together with unemployment?
Who did he appeal to to take up their responsibilities to protect the republic values of France?
Who called on the French people to reject all the ideas which endanger the unity of the nation in a clear reference to the extreme-right National Front?
What did french President Jacques Chirac say is never?
What did Chirac call on the French people to reject in a clear reference to the extreme-right National Front?
What gave this evening french President Jacques Chirac's New Year good wish message to the French people?
Who appealed to all French citizens to take up their responsibilities to protect the republic values of France?
Who did he appeal to to be attached to the principle of tolerance?
What was each day's primary worry?
Who did french President Jacques Chirac say live in a time of uncertainty and difficulty, but also rich of promises and possibilities?
When did french President Jacques Chirac say each day is?
What did he stress?
What was unemployment?
When did changes multiplying blur is speeding?
When did changes mentalities evolving blur is speeding?
What did he say the public balance sheet will never be of?
When did he say it is?
Who did PARIS give this evening french President Jacques Chirac's New Year good wish message to?
What did french President Jacques Chirac appeal to all French citizens to take up their responsibilities to protect?
What did Chirac also call on the French people to better contribute to by becoming more flexible in their way of thinking and more creative?
When did PARIS give french President Jacques Chirac's New Year good wish message to the French people?
What did he say is the primary guarantee of freedom?
Who did PARIS give this evening his New Year good wish message to?
Who said the French people live in a time of uncertainty and difficulty, but also rich of promises and possibilities?
Who do twenty-four months only separate from the year 2000?
What did he appeal to all French citizens to take up their responsibilities to protect?
What did she also promise to continue holding talks with unions and anti-unemployment associations on the terms to be adopted by the government in?
What said since these emergency cells were set up by the end of December, 2,000 cases of jobless people in distress have been reviewed?
What were set up by the end of December?
What does France's unemployment rate now stand at?
When was PARIS?
What did she also promise to continue holding talks with unions and anti-unemployment associations on the terms to be adopted by in favor of jobless people?
When did Minister of Employment and Solidarity Martine Aubry say at a press conference?
What did Saturday announce?
What was January 3-- The French government?
Who did the government ask to maintain ``emergency cells'' responsible for tackling unemployment?
What did the government ask them to maintain responsible for tackling unemployment?
What did the government order the local governments in prefectures to solve case by the job problems of people living in distress?
When did Unemployed people stage a series of protests from Christmas by occupying the offices of government agencies in charge of unemployment insurance?
What did the government say have been given ``positive responses'' on finding a job?
What staged a series of protests from Christmas through New Year festival by occupying the offices of government agencies in charge of unemployment insurance?
What did she also promise to continue holding on the terms to be adopted by the government in favor of jobless people?
What did Minister of Employment and Solidarity Martine Aubry say at that the government will present a law on helping unemployed people before Summer this year?
What asked them to maintain ``emergency cells'' responsible for tackling unemployment?
How many cases of jobless people in distress did the government say since these emergency cells were set up by the end of December, have been reviewed?
What did the government order to solve case by case the job problems of people living in distress?
When announced several emergency measures to support the jobless people unemployment aid package?
What did Unemployed people stage through New Year festival by occupying the offices of government agencies in charge of unemployment insurance?
What decreased by 17 percent?
What did the government say that the number of jobs offered increased by from November 1996 to November 1997?
What did the government say 700 of them have been given?
What does 12. 4 percent mean that 3,114,600 people among France's working age population are without?
Who said at a press conference that the government will present a law on helping unemployed people before Summer this year?
Who also promised to continue holding talks with unions and anti-unemployment associations on the terms to be adopted by the government in favor of jobless people?
What said 700 of them have been given ``positive responses'' on finding a job?
What asked the local governments in prefectures to maintain ``emergency cells'' responsible for tackling unemployment?
What said that the number of jobs offered increased by 20 percent from November 1996 to November 1997?
When did the government say that the number of jobs offered increased by 20 percent to November 1997?
What said 700 of 2,000 cases of jobless people in distress have been given ``positive responses'' on finding a job?
What now stands at 12. 4 percent?
What ordered the local governments in prefectures to solve case by case the job problems of people living in distress?
What did the number of lay-offs decrease by?
What did the government ask to maintain ``emergency cells'' responsible for tackling unemployment?
What does 12. 4 percent mean without?
When did the government say that the number of jobs offered increased by 20 percent from November 1996?
What did the government say by?
What did the government ask the local governments in prefectures to maintain responsible for tackling unemployment?
What did she also promise to continue holding talks with unions and anti-unemployment associations on to be adopted by the government in favor of jobless people?
What were these emergency cells set up by?
What means that 3,114,600 people among France's working age population are without jobs?
What did Unemployed people stage a series of through New Year festival by occupying the offices of government agencies in charge of unemployment insurance?
What did the government say 700 of 2,000 cases of jobless people in distress have been given?
What have been seeking jobs for more than one year?
What did the government say since these emergency cells were set up by the end of December, have been reviewed?
What did french President Jacques Chirac also suggest the government turn into investment for jobs?
Who also suggested the government turn the money subsidized for social aid programs into investment for jobs?
What have the protesters vowed to continue despite aid packages offered by the Socialist government to help jobless persons in desperate situations?
When was PARIS?
What results from long time?
What did Chirac say the law against exclusion will ``attack in all fields,'' including unemployment?
What is running a near-record 12. 4 percent jobless rate with a jobless population of 3. 1 million, one-third of which has been unemployed for more than a year?
When will the law against exclusion be presented by the government to the National Assembly?
What did the president say in response to escalating protests by the unemployed during a meeting with the press the social cohesion of France is now being threatened by?
When does social exclusion result?
What have the protesters vowed to continue their fight despite?
What said Monday that the government should be ``particularly careful'' about the problem of social exclusion unemployment?
Who have vowed to continue their fight despite aid packages offered by the Socialist government to help jobless persons in desperate situations?
What did Chirac say in?
What will the law against exclusion be presented by the government to in March?
What did french President Jacques Chirac also suggest the government turn the money subsidized for social aid programs into?
What was January 12-- French President Jacques Chirac?
What did he also suggest the government turn the money subsidized for social aid programs into?
When did PARIS say that the government should be ``particularly careful'' about the problem of social exclusion unemployment?
What did he also suggest turn the money subsidized for social aid programs into investment for jobs?
What did he also suggest the government turn into investment for jobs?
What did PARIS say Monday about?
Who said the law against exclusion will ``attack the roots of the evil in all fields,'' including unemployment?
What did Chirac say will ``attack the roots of the evil in all fields,'' including unemployment?
What did french President Jacques Chirac also suggest turn the money subsidized for social aid programs into investment for jobs?
What did PARIS say Monday that the government should be ``particularly careful'' about?
What will be presented by the government to the National Assembly in March?
What did the president say in the social cohesion of France is now being threatened by unemployment, exclusion and violence in urban suburbs?
Where did Chirac say the law against exclusion will ``attack the roots of the evil?
Where did Chirac say?
What did Chirac say the law against exclusion will ``attack the roots of in all fields,'' including unemployment?
When is France running?
What did Chirac say the law against exclusion will ``attack the roots of the evil in?
What will the law against exclusion be presented by to the National Assembly in March?
What did thousands of protesters demonstrate in on Tuesday?
What did four associations of anti-unemployment militants blame for failing to present new proposals to tackle the 12. 4 percent unemployment rate in France?
What blamed the government for failing to present new proposals to tackle the 12. 4 percent unemployment rate in France?
What also criticized the Socialist government for refusing to revise its 1998 budget to to grant aid to unemployed under the age of 25?
When was PARIS?
What did the associations also criticize for refusing to revise its 1998 budget to to grant aid to unemployed under the age of 25?
What demonstrated in Paris and other cities on Tuesday?
What should continue?
What announced Wednesday that they will hold another nationwide protest on Saturday?
When did PARIS-- Associations for the unemployed in France announce Wednesday that they will hold another nationwide protest?
How many associations of anti-unemployment militants blamed the government for failing to present new proposals to tackle the 12. 4 percent unemployment rate in France?
What also criticized the Socialist government for refusing to revise its 1998 budget to raise the minimum unemployment aid the RMI?
When did PARIS-- Associations for the unemployed in France announce that they will hold another nationwide protest on Saturday?
Who did four associations of anti-unemployment militants condemn for being arrogant toward the unemployed?
What condemned France's employers for being arrogant toward the unemployed?
Where did thousands of protesters demonstrate on Tuesday?
When did PARIS-- Associations for the unemployed in France announce Wednesday?
What did PARIS-- Associations for the unemployed in France announce Wednesday that they will hold on Saturday?
What was January 14?
What did the associations also criticize for refusing to revise its 1998 budget to raise the minimum unemployment aid the RMI?
When did thousands of protesters demonstrate in Paris and other cities?
How many associations of anti-unemployment militants condemned France's employers for being arrogant toward the unemployed?
What did Finland say?
What said in 1994,12,500 people committed suicide in France as compared with 8,300 in 1975 and an average of 6,000 in the 1950s?
What said the official National Institute of Demographical Studies today?
What is France ranged the fourth among with a suicide rate close to 20 for 100,000 residents in the country?
What did the report say the number of deaths resulting from suicides in France has now surpassed that of?
What was unemployment?
What were also one of the highest among Western countries?
When did the report say, 12,500 people committed suicide in France as compared with 8,300 in 1975 and an average of 6,000 in the 1950s?
When was PARIS?
What were traffic accidents?
What was isolation?
What was first held last year?
What is France ranged among the Western countries with the highest rates of suicides with a suicide rate close to 20 for 100,000 residents in the country?
What is ranged the fourth among the Western countries with the highest rates of suicides with a suicide rate close to 20 for 100,000 residents in the country?
What did the report say the number of deaths resulting from suicides in France has now surpassed?
What was February 3-- Some 12,000 people have committed suicide each year in France since 1993?
What did the report say in 1994,12,500 people committed in the 1950s?
When was the INED report published?
What did the INED say the major causes for suicides in France are?
What was published on the National Day Against Suicide?
What is Finland?
What were traffic accidents also one of?
What was economic crisis?
What did the report say in 1994, committed suicide in France as compared with 8,300 in 1975 and an average of 6,000 in the 1950s?
How many people did the report say in 1994, committed suicide in France as compared with 8,300 in 1975 and an average of 6,000 in the 1950s?
When did the report say in 1994,12,500 people committed suicide in France as compared with 8,300 in 1975 and an average of 6,000?
What said the number of deaths resulting from suicides in France has now surpassed that of traffic accidents?
When is France ranged the fourth among the Western countries with the highest rates of suicides?
What said the major causes for suicides in France are economic crisis as well as a decrease of the number of religious services and practices?
What said the INED?
When was Suicide first held?
What did the INED say are economic crisis as well as a decrease of the number of religious services and practices?
What did the report say has now surpassed that of traffic accidents?
What is Denmark, and Austria?
How many jobs did she say since the Socialist government of Prime Minister Lionel Jospin came to power in June 1997, have been created?
What did she say since the Socialist government of Prime Minister Lionel Jospin came to power in June 1997, have been created?
What dropped by 1. 9 percent, or 52,600, in July as compared with June, the Ministry of Employment announced on Tuesday?
What is the country's unemployment rate 11. 3 percent at?
When did PARIS drop by 1. 9 percent, or 52,600, as compared with June, the Ministry of Employment announced on Tuesday?
When was PARIS?
What does the unemployment rate in France now stand at?
What is the country's unemployment rate at the end of June?
What did the French government predict that the growth rate of the gross domestic product in the country will attain from 2. 2 to this year?
What was August 31-- The number of jobless people?
What came to power in June 1997?
Where is the country's unemployment rate 11. 3 percent?
Who said that the labor market of the country is now very active?
What predicted that the growth rate of the gross domestic product in the country will attain from 2. 2 to 2. 5 percent this year?
Who said since the Socialist government of Prime Minister Lionel Jospin came to power in June 1997, about 353,000 jobs have been created?
What now stands at 11. 2 percent?
When did the Ministry of Employment announce?
When did the French government predict that the growth rate of the gross domestic product in the country will attain from 2. 2 to 2. 5 percent?
What did Minister of Employment Martine Aubry say?
Who said that the there is an acceleration in the rhythm of decline in unemployment rate in France?
What did the Socialist government of Prime Minister Lionel Jospin come to in June 1997?
When did the Socialist government of Prime Minister Lionel Jospin come to power?
What did Minister of Employment Martine Aubry say that the there is?
What did the French government predict that the growth rate of the gross domestic product in the country will attain from to 2. 5 percent this year?
What announced on Tuesday?
What is 11. 3 percent at the end of June?
What did the French government predict from?
When was PARIS?
What reduced the nation's jobless people to 2,583,600?
What stood at 10. 6 percent at the end of December?
What benefited most from the improvement of job market?
When did the number of jobless among them drop by 15. 9 percent?
What said the Ministry of Employment Friday?
When has a continuous drop of unemployment rate in France been observed?
What did the young people under 25 benefit most from?
What did that of those above 50 drop by in the past year?
What dropped by 11. 1 percent?
What did France's unemployment rate reduce to 2,583,600?
Where did the unemployment rate of France stand at 10. 6 percent?
What dropped by 15. 9 percent over the past one year?
What dropped by 11. 4 percent, or 333,600 people, from December 1998 to December 1999?
What did the number of jobless people aged from 25 to 49 drop by?
What did France's unemployment rate reduce the nation's jobless people to?
What did the unemployment rate of France stand at at the end of December?
What did the number of jobless people drop by from December 1998 to December 1999?
What did the number of jobless among them drop by over the past one year?
What was January 28-- France's unemployment rate dropped by 1. 6 percent in December last year?
What dropped by 7. 3 percent in the past year?
What did the unemployment rate of France stand at 10. 6 percent at?
What has been observed since July 1997?
When did that of those above 50 drop by 7. 3 percent?
When did the number of jobless people drop by 11. 4 percent, or 333,600 people, to December 1999?
When did the number of jobless people drop by 11. 4 percent, or 333,600 people, from December 1998?
