What's about what kind of Israel?
What do many Israelis want to look to the future in?
Who want to finish Bibi in other words?
What corruption, divisiveness do not like it?
Who still runs against him in this election?
What will find out if Bibi can survive Bibism on Monday?
What is about who will control the Interior Ministry for the first time in Israel's history?
Who refuses to embrace his own peace process?
Who did Bibi strike important deals that legitimized as a peace partner?
Who never wanted to take ownership of it?
What did Therein never want to take ownership of?
What has Bibi also created as never before _ a longing that he seems unwilling and unable to satisfy?
When do many Israelis want to look in other words?
What did Therein never want to take?
Who just received two e-mails from friends in Israel that sounded identical themes?
What are tired after three years of biting each other's necks?
Who was the other from a Jerusalem-based writer thought he could hold onto power by dividing everyone into squabbling tribes?
What is no longer just Labor that is ready to deal with Yasser Arafat, and Likud that shuns him as a terrorist?
What do a majority of Israelis accept Oslo in?
What is part to?
Who won because a majority of Israelis were overwhelmed by Oslo, the Rabin assassination and the blowing up of Israeli buses in 1996?
Who want to get on with Bibi in other words?
What is Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu's campaign advertising virtually devoid of?
What do a majority of Israelis accept in part?
What did he break down?
What does who care who controls the Foreign Ministry with?
What did I just receive from friends in Israel that sounded identical themes?
What is to Bibi's own real success at winning better Palestinian security compliance?
What does who care with that sort of consensus in the middle?
When are people tired?
What was from a Jerusalem-based writer Bibi thought he could hold onto power by dividing everyone into squabbling tribes?
What was like the starting gun on the race between factions?
Who did not set out to do this?
What did Bibi create in Israel as never before?
Who cannot give hope?
What did Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu just receive from friends in Israel that sounded identical themes?
What is to his own real success at winning better Palestinian security compliance?
Who does he still run against in this election?
What do many Israelis want to get on with Bibi in?
Where did Bibi create the opportunity for national unity as never before?
What do many Israelis want to finish it in?
Who is running instead on the past?
How many e-mails did Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu just receive from friends in Israel that sounded identical themes?
What did he never want to take ownership of?
Who did Bibi strike important deals as?
Who was the Jerusalem-based writer?
Who has also created a longing for national unity as never before _ a longing that he seems unwilling and unable to satisfy?
Who is it no longer just Labor with?
Whose campaign advertising is virtually devoid of any hope?
Who created the opportunity for national unity in Israel as never before?
What did Laura Blumenfeld write that Israel today is suffering from?
What is its upcoming election about who will control the Interior Ministry for?
What is it no longer just that is ready to deal with Yasser Arafat, and Likud that shuns him as a terrorist?
Who came to power?
Who cannot lead?
Who was the other from Bibi thought he could hold onto power by dividing everyone into squabbling tribes?
What do many Israelis want to get on with in other words?
What does Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu refuse to embrace?
What are other words?
Who did not knock down the wall between Labor and Likud on the peace issue by synthesizing the two sides?
What do corruption, divisiveness incitement _ people not like?
What is no one more responsible for?
What was the other from a Jerusalem-based writer Bibi thought onto?
What corruption, divisiveness do not like no one?
Who want to look to the future in other words?
Who rejects kind of Israel, not what size of Israel?
Who does Bibi still run against in this election?
Whose own real success at winning better Palestinian security compliance is part to?
Who is it no longer just Labor that is ready to deal with Yasser Arafat, and Likud that shuns him as?
Who is shying away from his own accomplishment?
Who did Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu just receive two e-mails from?
What do many Israelis want to get on with it in?
What was the shot that killed Rabin like the starting gun on?
What wanted to be lied to as they accepted the inevitability of Oslo _?
Who is it no longer just Labor that is ready to deal with Yasser Arafat, and Likud that shuns as a terrorist?
When will who find out if Bibi can survive Bibism?
What wanted to be lied to as he accommodated them by embracing Oslo while constantly denouncing those who delivered it?
Who was Laura Blumenfeld?
What is his campaign advertising?
What is kind of Israel, not what size of Israel?
Who rejects it?
What does he refuse to embrace?
What did he actually knock down by backing into it?
What is more responsible for this shift than Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu?
What do many Israelis want to finish in other words?
What is virtually devoid of any hope?
Who was Victor Friedman?
Who was Zichron Yaacov?
Who do many Israelis want to get on with in other words?
Who was wrong?
When is Netanyahu running instead?
What does Likud reject kind of?
Who did Bibi strike important deals that legitimized Arafat as?
What is Netanyahu shying away from?
What is the Interior Ministry?
What can you not give?
Who was one from?
What does Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu repeatedly run?
What did he never want to take?
What are thanks to Bibi's having routinized the peace process?
What is?
What is it?
How many e-mails did I just receive from friends in Israel that sounded identical themes?
What can Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu not give?
What is no longer Labor that is ready to accept some kind of Palestinian state while Likud rejects it?
Who want to get on with it in other words?
Who still does not?
What did Netanyahu not knock down on the peace issue by synthesizing the two sides?
Who is it no longer just Labor that is ready to deal with Yasser Arafat, and Likud as?
What did Bibi come to?
What does Likud reject?
Who did I just receive two e-mails from?
What is Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu's campaign advertising?
What did Laura Blumenfeld write from?
What did Bibi create the opportunity for national unity in as never before?
What did Bibi strike that legitimized Arafat as a peace partner?
What does he repeatedly run?
What was the shot that killed Rabin like on the race between factions?
What wanted to be lied to as who accepted the inevitability of Oslo _?
Who will find out if Bibi can survive Bibism on Monday?
Who broke down the historic wall between Labor and Likud voters when it came to the peace process?
Who struck important deals that legitimized Arafat as a peace partner?
What was the other from a Jerusalem-based writer onto?
What are tired after three years of bumping?
What is the Foreign Ministry?
Who cannot unify?
Who accept Oslo in part?
What does neither know?
Who actually knocked that wall down by backing into it?
What does he still run against him in?
Who repeatedly runs TV ads showing the Israeli buses that were blown up in Jerusalem?
Who wrote that Israel today is suffering from ``Multiple Israel Disorder _''?
What cares who controls the Foreign Ministry with that sort of consensus in the middle?
What is the first time in Israel's history's upcoming election about who will control the Interior Ministry for?
Who is incapable of painting any positive vision of the future?
What did he not set out to do?
What has he also created as never before _ a longing that he seems unwilling and unable to satisfy?
Who was the other from a Jerusalem-based writer Bibi thought could hold onto power by dividing everyone into squabbling tribes?
When did Bibi win because a majority of Israelis were overwhelmed by Oslo, the Rabin assassination and the blowing up of Israeli buses?
What wanted to be lied to as he accommodated who by embracing Oslo while constantly denouncing those who delivered it?
Who do many Israelis want to finish in other words?
What do many Israelis want to finish Bibi in?
What does Bibi still run against him in?
When will we find out if Bibi can survive Bibism?
Who want to finish it in other words?
Who never wanted to take ownership of that?
What was the other from a Jerusalem-based writer Bibi thought he could hold onto by dividing everyone into squabbling tribes?
What is his campaign advertising virtually devoid of?
What was from a religiously observant friend who lives in the village of Zichron Yaacov?
What were a majority of Israelis overwhelmed by blowing up of Israeli buses?
What did Netanyahu not knock down the wall between Labor and Likud on by synthesizing the two sides?
Who were overwhelmed by Oslo, the Rabin assassination and the blowing up of Israeli buses?
What knows the other?
What is by his passion over the world his people have lost?
Who tells it?
Who holds out little prospect that the Oslo accords will do anything to improve the Palestinians ' plight?
What does he carry?
Who sets forth Monday night on a journey ``In Search of Palestine?''
Who have been demonized?
What go uncriticized?
What is cooperating in holding down the indigenous population?
What is Edward Said by Said's sad and bitter polemic's passion over the world have lost?
Whose passion over the world is Edward Said by his people have lost?
What does production note: IN SEARCH OF PALESTINE 10 p. m. ET Monday on?
Who is by Said's sad and bitter polemic's passion over the world his people have lost?
When does Edward Said set forth on a journey ``In Search of Palestine?''
What does Edward Said set forth Monday night on?''
What need the viewer not accept Said's sad and bitter polemic as?
Who sets aside his intellectual credentials?
What does production note: IN on PBS?
What does he see?
What does Edward Said see?
Who makes little attempt at evenhanded reporting as he concentrates on his family's loss and on what he sees as the continuing afflictions of the Palestinians?
Who sees the situation?
Who need not accept Said's sad and bitter polemic as the whole story?
What is it by his passion over the world have lost?
Who finds fellow Palestinians being abused by Israeli settlers and authorities?
What is Edward Said?
Who carries a heavy load of memories of a homeland that was taken by force?
What is gone forever?
What does he tell?
What does he carry a heavy load of?
What does the prolific writer and scholar set aside?
Who goes?
What notes: IN SEARCH OF PALESTINE 10 p. m. ET Monday on PBS?
When began with ``the catastrophe'' of 1948?
What is missing from his account?
What is Edward Said by Said's sad and bitter polemic's passion over the world?
What finds symbols of Israeli power: the guns and bulldozers used to repress peaceable Arabs?
Whose sad and bitter polemic need the viewer not accept as the whole story?
What does Said hold out?
Who need the viewer not accept as the whole story?
Who does Said find fellow Palestinians being abused by?
What did Palestine's history begin with?
What is missing from scholar's account?
Who is America's foremost Palestinian patriot and polemicist?
What does the camera find?
Who concentrates on his family's loss and on what he sees as the continuing afflictions of the Palestinians?
What is Edward Said by his people have lost?
What does Edward Said carry a heavy load of?
Who does Said find being abused by Israeli settlers and authorities?
What does the prolific writer and scholar make as he concentrates on his family's loss and on what he sees as the continuing afflictions of the Palestinians?
What is it by his people have lost?
What did their history begin with?
What does Edward Said carry?
What is it by his passion over the world?
Who is any acknowledgment that there may be an Israeli side to the area's tumultuous history?
What has Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu repeatedly said?
What was postponed again due to the May 29 Israeli general elections for security reasons?
What did Hebron Mayor Mustafa Natsheh also say that the Palestinians would not agree to Israeli troop patrols in the Arab neighborhood as?
When was JERUSALEM?
Who stressed that the Palestinians would not open new negotiations on the Hebron issue?
What would only gain the civilian control over the area?
What did early this month say should pull out in accordance with the Oslo accords?
When said the Israeli troops should pull out in accordance with the Oslo accords?
What did Israel Radio report JERUSALEM today failed to reach on a plan for the Israeli army's redeployment from the disputed West Bank town of Hebron?
What was the Israeli army supposed to by March 28 under the Oslo 2 accord?
What did Transport Minister Yitzhak Levy of the National Religious Party demand that the Jewish community in Hebron be strengthened during?
What did palestinian Council Speaker Ahmed Queria stress?
What did early this month say in?
What did early this month say the Israeli troops should pull out in?
Having already accepted a delay in the implementation of the Hebron redeployment what did palestinian officials repeatedly say?
What would the overriding security control remain in?
What was presented by Defense Minister Yitzhak Mordechai with a proposal to change the Oslo accords with regard to the extent of Palestinians ' control in Hebron?
What was the redeployment delayed?
What did palestinian Council Speaker Ahmed Queria say should pull out in accordance with the Oslo accords?
Who demanded that the Jewish community in Hebron be strengthened during today's cabinet meeting?
What was the redeployment postponed again due to the May 29 Israeli general elections for?
Who said the Israeli troops should pull out in accordance with the Oslo accords?
Having already accepted a delay in the implementation of the Hebron redeployment what did palestinian officials repeatedly say that they would not renegotiate?
Who also said that the Palestinians would not agree to Israeli troop patrols in the Arab neighborhood as part of an Israeli redeployment in the city?
What was the Israeli army supposed to pullback from of Hebron by March 28 under?
What was the redeployment postponed again due to for security reasons?
When had palestinian officials already accepted?
Having already accepted a delay in the implementation of the Hebron redeployment who repeatedly said that they would not renegotiate any signed agreement?
What did palestinian Council Speaker Ahmed Queria say in?
What did Israel Radio report JERUSALEM today failed to reach agreement on from the disputed West Bank town of Hebron?
What was August 18-- Israeli senior cabinet ministers?
Who has repeatedly said he has been studying the issue of the redeployment in Hebron?
Who had already accepted a delay in the implementation of the Hebron redeployment?
What was the new plan presented by Defense Minister Yitzhak Mordechai with?
What was delayed following a series of suicide bombing attacks?
Who was the new plan presented by with a proposal to change the Oslo accords with regard to the extent of Palestinians ' control in Hebron?
Who will meet again in a later date after the failure to reach any conclusions today due to the sharp disagreement between the ministers?
What did palestinian Council Speaker Ahmed Queria say the Israeli troops should pull out in?
What did Israel Radio report JERUSALEM today failed to reach agreement on a plan for the Israeli army's redeployment from?
What was supposed to pullback from of Hebron by March 28 under the Oslo 2 accord?
What will the senior cabinet ministers meet again in a later date after?
What did palestinian Council Speaker Ahmed Queria stress that the Palestinians would not open?
When will the senior cabinet ministers meet again after the failure to reach any conclusions today due to the sharp disagreement between the ministers?
Who has Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu repeatedly said has been studying the issue of the redeployment in Hebron?
What reported JERUSALEM today failed to reach agreement on a plan for the Israeli army's redeployment from the disputed West Bank town of Hebron?
What would the Palestinian National Authority only gain?
When was the Israeli army supposed to pullback from of Hebron under the Oslo 2 accord?
What did Hebron Mayor Mustafa Natsheh also say to?
What would remain in Israel's hands?
What did Transport Minister Yitzhak Levy of the National Religious Party demand during today's cabinet meeting?
What did Hebron Mayor Mustafa Natsheh also say that the Palestinians would not agree to as part of an Israeli redeployment in the city?
What will the Israeli government be, ``In the absence of implementation''?
What should Israel have completed by late March under the Oslo accords?
What did an Israeli official point out?
When was JERUSALEM?
Whose view did Levy say?
What promised to conduct the pullout?
Who stressed that Egypt wants deeds but not words from the Israeli government?
What did the new Israeli government demand?
What did Levy say today Moussa's view was exactly?
What did egyptian Ambassador to Israel Mohammed Bassiouny stress?
What did today give Israel three weeks to implement?
How many states have been slow in normalizing their relations?
Who said that Egypt demanded Israel to take immediate actions in implementing the signed agreements with the Palestinians?
Who was the ultimatum issued by at a press conference today?
What did Bassiouny say?
What is the first Arab country that established diplomatic ties with Israel?
When did a series of extremist attacks kill 58 people to early March?
What did an Israeli official point out that Egypt needs more than Israel does?
What did Moussa say, ``I cannot imagine''?
What was the ultimatum issued by Egyptian Ambassador to Israel Mohammed Bassiouny at today?
What issued a statement blasting Egypt for issuing ``an unfortunate threat that can only raise the tension in the region?''
What killed 58 people from late February to early March?
What did Moussa threaten from?
What will it be, ``In the absence of implementation''?
What demanded certain revisions?
Who issued the stern warning only one day after Israeli Foreign Minister David Levy paid his first visit to Egypt?
What did the Office of Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu issue?''
What was September 2-- Egypt?
What did Israeli Foreign Minister David Levy pay?
Who said today Moussa's view was exactly that of Mubarak?
Who added?
What did a series of extremist attacks kill from late February to early March?
What will be a very serious situation, ``In the absence of implementation''?
What did the Israeli government warn against ``making things worse'' by issuing such an ultimatum in a strong reaction to Egypt's threat?
What is Egypt?
What should have completed the Hebron pullout by late March under the Oslo accords?
When gave Israel three weeks to implement its peace agreements with Palestinians?
What are the two states's relations often marred by?
What have been slow in normalizing their relations?
When should Israel have completed the Hebron pullout under the Oslo accords?
Who is Egypt?
What did it freeze after a series of extremist attacks killed 58 people from late February to early March?
What are their relations often marred by?
How many people did a series of extremist attacks kill from late February to early March?
What is it impossible to imagine about?
What did Bassiouny say that Egypt demanded to take immediate actions in implementing the signed agreements with the Palestinians?
What was issued by Egyptian Ambassador to Israel Mohammed Bassiouny at a press conference today?
Who paid his first visit to Egypt?
What did egyptian Ambassador to Israel Mohammed Bassiouny stress that Egypt wants?
Who was responsible for issuing the ultimatum?
Who pointed out that Egypt needs the Cairo summit more than Israel does?
What did the new Israeli government promise to conduct?
Who said, ``I cannot imagine that the economic summit would take place when the withdrawal from Hebron has not happened yet''?
What did Levy say?
What should Israel have completed the Hebron pullout by late March under?
What are often marred by the disputes over the peace process and bilateral frictions?
What did he stress?
What is the chief Arab mediator between Israel and the Palestinians when the two sides held negotiations on the Oslo accords?
What did Moussa threaten that Egypt would cancel if Israel fails to redeploy its troops from the West Bank town of Hebron?
What warned Cairo against ``making things worse'' by issuing such an ultimatum in a strong reaction to Egypt's threat?
What did Bassiouny say that Egypt demanded Israel to take?
What is impossible to imagine that we can talk about regional cooperation when the peace process is obstructed or paralyzed?
Who did Levy say today Moussa's view was exactly that of?
What did Israel freeze after a series of extremist attacks killed 58 people from late February to early March?
What did the Israeli government warn Cairo against ``making things worse'' by issuing such an ultimatum in?
Who threatened that Egypt would cancel the Cairo economic summit if Israel fails to redeploy its troops from the West Bank town of Hebron?
What did issue only one day after Israeli Foreign Minister David Levy paid his first visit to Egypt Amr Moussa and President Hosni Mubarak?
What did he stress that Egypt wants?
What did Moussa say, ``egyptian Ambassador to Israel Mohammed Bassiouny cannot imagine''?
What froze the plan after a series of extremist attacks killed 58 people from late February to early March?
When did a series of extremist attacks kill 58 people from late February?
When was the ultimatum issued by Egyptian Ambassador to Israel Mohammed Bassiouny at a press conference?
What did he say that positive results were achieved in?
What wants the U. S. to guarantee in a written form of Israel's commitment to the Oslo accords before it signs the Hebron agreement?
When was JERUSALEM?
What did Israeli Prime Minister Binyamin Netanyahu say that there was still?
When should Israel troops complete the pullback from the rural areas of the West Bank by September 1997 after the Hebron redeployment under the Oslo peace accords?
Who said that some progress had been achieved at his meeting with Arafat which was held at the Eretz checkpoint between Israel and Gaza Strip?
What should complete the pullback from the rural areas of the West Bank by September 1997 after the Hebron redeployment by last March under the Oslo peace accords?
What did egyptian Ambassador to Israel Mohammed Bassiouny also take in the meeting to learn about the latest developments in the Hebron talks?
What did Today's surprise meeting end at this morning in the presence of U. S. peace envoy Dennis Ross?
Who was Palestinian negotiator?
What is increasing pressure on both sides to wrap up the Hebron deal?
What is the U. S. increasing to wrap up the Hebron deal?
What does it want the U. S. to guarantee in?
What does a Hebron deal want the U. S. to guarantee in?
Who was U. S. peace envoy Dennis Ross?
Whose intensive mediation efforts was the summit the result of as the U. S. is increasing pressure on both sides to wrap up the Hebron deal?
When should Israel troops complete the pullback from the rural areas of the West Bank after the Hebron redeployment by last March under the Oslo peace accords?
What did Netanyahu say?
What all agreed that the difficult Hebron talks that have been lingering on for three months seemed to have taken a positive turn?
What has Egypt been under recently from Israel?
What should Israel troops complete the pullback from the rural areas of the West Bank by September 1997 after by last March under the Oslo peace accords?
What did Arafat convene a meeting this afternoon of his senior advisers and some members of the Palestinian negotiating team to update?
Who also took part in the meeting to learn about the latest developments in the Hebron talks?
What did Israel allege that Cairo was using to encourage the Palestinian side to delay the Hebron deal so to extort more concessions?
Who is scheduled to meet with Netanyahu late today?
What did egyptian Ambassador to Israel Mohammed Bassiouny also take part in the meeting to learn about?
What was the summit the result of as the U. S. is increasing pressure on both sides to wrap up the Hebron deal?
When did Netanyahu speak to businessmen in Tel Aviv?
What does it want to guarantee in a written form of Israel's commitment to the Oslo accords before it signs the Hebron agreement?
Who still have not reached agreement on all the issues?
What does the Palestinian Authority link due to lack of trust between the two sides?
Who said that there was still one major issue remaining unsettled-- the timetable for further Israeli troop redeployment in rural areas of the West Bank?
What did Netanyahu add?
When did Today's surprise meeting end at seven O'clock in the presence of U. S. peace envoy Dennis Ross?
What did he say that there was still?
Who did Netanyahu say was optimistic about reaching peace and security?
Who links the signing of the deal with Israel's commitment to further pullback due to lack of trust between the two sides?
What did Israeli Prime Minister Binyamin Netanyahu say?
Who did Netanyahu speak to today?
What has delayed the Hebron pullback since the wave of Islamic suicide bombing attacks from late February to early March last year?
What did he say?
When has Israel delayed the Hebron pullback since the wave of Islamic suicide bombing attacks from late February?
Who held a meeting with Arafat this morning?
What did he say in?
Who said?
When did Today's surprise meeting last?
What does a Hebron deal want to guarantee in a written form of Israel's commitment to the Oslo accords before it signs the Hebron agreement?
What have we made?
Who spoke to businessmen in Tel Aviv today?
What did Today's surprise meeting end at seven O'clock this morning in?
What does the Palestinian Authority link the signing of the deal with Israel's commitment to further pullback to?
Who have made progress?
Who is continuing his mediation efforts today to bridge the remaining gap?
What did egyptian Ambassador to Israel Mohammed Bassiouny also take part in to learn about the latest developments in the Hebron talks?
What has been under fire recently from Israel?
What did israeli and Palestinian sources all agree?
Who said that positive results were achieved in the summit?
What does the Palestinian Authority link the signing of due to lack of trust between the two sides?
What should Israel troops complete by September 1997 after the Hebron redeployment by last March under the Oslo peace accords?
What ended at seven O'clock this morning in the presence of U. S. peace envoy Dennis Ross?
What did israeli and Palestinian sources all agree that the difficult Hebron talks that have been lingering on for three months seemed to have taken?
What alleged that Cairo was using its influence to encourage the Palestinian side to delay the Hebron deal so to extort more concessions?
What has virtually been completed?
What did Netanyahu say at?
What has Israel delayed since the wave of Islamic suicide bombing attacks from late February to early March last year?
What did Israel allege?
Who convened a meeting this afternoon of his senior advisers and some members of the Palestinian negotiating team to update his meeting with Netanyahu?
What was January 5?
What should Israel troops complete the pullback from the rural areas of the West Bank by September 1997 after the Hebron redeployment by last March under?
What did Israeli Prime Minister Binyamin Netanyahu say that positive results were achieved in?
What did Netanyahu say that some progress had been achieved at?
What has Egypt been under fire recently from?
What has Israel delayed the Hebron pullback since from late February to early March last year?
When has Israel delayed the Hebron pullback since the wave of Islamic suicide bombing attacks to early March last year?
Who added that such negotiation required ``patience''?
What lasted for over three hours?
What have we still not reached?
What did Arafat convene to update his meeting with Netanyahu?
Who did Arafat convene a meeting this afternoon of to update his meeting with Netanyahu?
What was the result of Ross ' intensive mediation efforts as the U. S. is increasing pressure on both sides to wrap up the Hebron deal?
What was the summit as the U. S. is increasing pressure on both sides to wrap up the Hebron deal?
What did Israeli Prime Minister Binyamin Netanyahu say in?
Who said he was optimistic about reaching peace and security?
When was JERUSALEM?
Who strongly attacked Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu and Meretz head Yossi Sarid's government's policies that have put the peace process in danger?
Whose policies did Barak blast for ``leading organizers on the path of Bosnia and Belfast''?
Four years ago what was peace born in?
What did Barak blast for ``leading us on the path of Bosnia and Belfast''?
Four years ago what was born in Oslo?
Who reported today it was attended by former Labor's former Prime Minister Shimon Peres?
What did JERUSALEM gather in Tel Aviv overnight to celebrate the fourth anniversary of Over 10,000 Israeli peace activists?
What did Labor leader Ehud Barak, Meretz head Yossi Sarid and Leah Rabin report today held in was attended by former Labor's former Prime Minister Shimon Peres?
What did the demonstrators demand the current Likud government act to continue?
What have virtually halted the whole process?
What was this flameless and lightless period?
Where was the rally held?
What was held in the Museum Plaza?
Whose policies did Barak blast for ``leading us on the path of Bosnia and Belfast''?
What did organizers hand out stickers that read today to topple?
When did JERUSALEM gather in Tel Aviv overnight to celebrate Over 10,000 Israeli peace activists?
Whose government has tried to break Oslo in the last year and a quarter?
What was it the historical signing of?
Who strongly attacked Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu and his government's policies that have put the peace process in danger?
What has borne fruits including the Palestinian autonomy in Gaza Strip and West Bank?
Whose former Prime Minister Shimon Peres did Labor leader Ehud Barak, Meretz head Yossi Sarid and Leah Rabin report today it was attended by?
What have Israel's continuation of settlement activities, land confiscation and delay in troop redeployments virtually halted?
What was the rally held in?
What was it?
What is the Netanyahu government Oslo was no mistake?
What called on Israeli peace activists?
When has Netanyahu's government tried to break Oslo?
Who reported today held in the Museum Plaza was attended by former Labor's former Prime Minister Shimon Peres?
What did Labor leader Ehud Barak, Meretz head Yossi Sarid and Leah Rabin report today was attended by former Labor's former Prime Minister Shimon Peres?
What has the process borne?
Where did JERUSALEM gather overnight to protest the Likud government's policies Over 10,000 Israeli peace activists?
Who said?
What was the Oslo peace process named for?
Where did JERUSALEM gather overnight to celebrate the fourth anniversary of the signing of Oslo Accords Over 10,000 Israeli peace activists?
Who did JERUSALEM gather in Tel Aviv overnight to protest the Likud government's policies Over?
Whose former Prime Minister Shimon Peres did Labor leader Ehud Barak, Meretz head Yossi Sarid and Leah Rabin report today held in the Museum Plaza was attended by?
What gathered in Tel Aviv overnight to protest the Likud government's policies Over 10,000 Israeli peace activists?
What was this flameless and lightless period the historical signing of?
What was the slain Labor Premier Yitzhak Rabin?
What did Barak blast for ``leading organizers on the path of Bosnia and Belfast''?
Who sent a letter to the rally to join with the Palestinian people in seeking peace?
Who handed out stickers that read today to topple the government?
What did palestinian Legislative Council Speaker Ahmed Quria send to join with the Palestinian people in seeking peace?
What have Israel's continuation of settlement activities, land confiscation and delay in troop redeployments virtually led to?
What was named for the Norwegian capital?
What did the demonstrators demand to continue the peace process?
Who blasted Netanyahu's policies for ``leading organizers on the path of Bosnia and Belfast''?
What did the process receive when the hardline Likud government came to power in Israel last year?
Who blasted Netanyahu's policies for ``leading us on the path of Bosnia and Belfast''?
Who was Leah Rabin?
Who did Labor leader Ehud Barak, Meretz head Yossi Sarid and Leah Rabin report today held in the Museum Plaza was attended by?
What gathered in Tel Aviv overnight to celebrate the fourth anniversary of the signing of Oslo Accords Over 10,000 Israeli peace activists?
Who did JERUSALEM gather in Tel Aviv overnight to celebrate the fourth anniversary of the signing of Oslo Accords Over?
Who did a letter call on?
What did JERUSALEM gather in Tel Aviv overnight to protest Over 10,000 Israeli peace activists?
When did Labor leader Ehud Barak, Meretz head Yossi Sarid and Leah Rabin report it was attended by former Labor's former Prime Minister Shimon Peres?
Who demanded the current Likud government act to continue the peace process?
What was organized by activists of the opposition Labor, Meretz and Hadash parties and the peace movement Peace Now?
What has tried to break Oslo in the last year and a quarter?
Who was local newspapers?
What received a severe blow when the hardline Likud government came to power in Israel last year?
What did a roar of applause rise from?''
Where did Labor leader Ehud Barak, Meretz head Yossi Sarid and Leah Rabin report today held was attended by former Labor's former Prime Minister Shimon Peres?
What have virtually led to renewed tensions with the Palestinians?
What did JERUSALEM gather in overnight to celebrate the fourth anniversary of the signing of Oslo Accords Over 10,000 Israeli peace activists?
What is the big mistake Oslo was no mistake?
What has Netanyahu's government tried to break in the last year and a quarter?
Who did speakers at the rally strongly attack?
What was September 14--?
What did JERUSALEM gather in overnight to protest the Likud government's policies Over 10,000 Israeli peace activists?
Four years ago where was peace born?
What rose from the crowd when Sarid said ``Bibi, go home?''
Who did Labor leader Ehud Barak, Meretz head Yossi Sarid and Leah Rabin report today it was attended by?
Who was the rally organized by Now?
Who was widow of the slain Labor Premier Yitzhak Rabin?
What did palestinian Legislative Council Speaker Ahmed Quria send a letter to the rally to join with in seeking peace?
Who was Leah Rabin widow of?
What has Israel's economic sanctions against the Palestinian self-rule areas caused many Palestinians vulnerable to?
Who said the U. S. stance is positive, yet it needs practical steps to confront the Israeli intransigence?
Whose criticism came two days after the Israeli government has decided to build more homes in Efrat settlement in Jerusalem?
Who criticized it as inconsistent to the kind of climate for negotiations that she wanted to create?
What did two multiple suicide bombings hit on July 30 and September 4?
What has caused many Palestinians vulnerable to starvation?
Who followed Israeli decision to expand the Efrat settlement?
What came two days after the Israeli government has decided to build more homes in Efrat settlement in Jerusalem?
What did Arafat add that Netanyahu has admitted?
What did palestinian National Authority Yasser Arafat say?
What did Albright follow?
Who has Israel's economic sanctions against the Palestinian self-rule areas caused vulnerable to starvation?
What did Arafat add?
When Condemned Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu's policies on peace process and sanctions against the Palestinians?
What did today condemn on peace process and sanctions against the Palestinians?
Who slammed Israel's economic sanctions against the Palestinian self-rule areas?
What did today condemn Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu's policies on?
When did two multiple suicide bombings hit Jerusalem?
Who did Arafat say does not want peace or respect the signed agreements?
Who announced Wednesday night that his government will continue to bolster the Jewish settlements in the West Bank and plans to build 300 homes in the Efrat settlement?
What hit Jerusalem on July 30 and September 4?
What did Arafat slam?
Whose policies did today condemn on peace process and sanctions against the Palestinians?
What has the Israeli government decided to build in Efrat settlement in Jerusalem?
Who said Netanyahu does not want peace or respect the signed agreements?
What was September 26-- President of Palestinian National Authority Yasser Arafat?
What did palestinian National Authority Yasser Arafat say to?
What did palestinian National Authority Yasser Arafat say is positive, yet it needs practical steps to confront the Israeli intransigence?
When did Netanyahu announce that his government will continue to bolster the Jewish settlements in the West Bank and plans to build 300 homes in the Efrat settlement?
What did palestinian National Authority Yasser Arafat say the U. S. stance is positive, yet needs practical steps to confront the Israeli intransigence?
What has decided to build more homes in Efrat settlement in Jerusalem?
What did he say the U. S. stance is positive, yet it needs?
What did Albright criticize it as inconsistent to?
When was CAIRO?
What did he say to?
What did Arafat add that Netanyahu has admitted that he ignores?
What has the Israeli government decided to build more homes in?
What did Netanyahu announce Wednesday night in?
What did he say the U. S. stance is positive, yet needs practical steps to confront the Israeli intransigence?
What did he say that the Palestinians lose 9 to?
What did palestinian National Authority Yasser Arafat say that the Palestinians lose 9 to?
What did Albright criticize as inconsistent to the kind of climate for negotiations that she wanted to create?
What did he say is positive, yet it needs practical steps to confront the Israeli intransigence?
Who added that Netanyahu has admitted that he ignores the Oslo accords?
What did Arafat say?
What did he say?
What did palestinian National Authority Yasser Arafat say the U. S. stance is positive, yet it needs?
How many multiple suicide bombings hit Jerusalem on July 30 and September 4?
What did today denounce?
What did the statement say the plans are?
What does Israel announce?
What defies all the U. N. resolutions, the Madrid conference principles, the Oslo accords and the will of the international community?
What added Israel is trying to encircle the Arab cities with a belt of the Jewish settlements?
What did the statement add is trying to encircle the Arab cities with a belt of the Jewish settlements?
What came in a statement issued by the Arab Parliamentary Union in the Syrian capital today?
What did the APU point out that it is?
What said the plans are continuation of Israeli Prime Minister's Benjamin Netanyahu's policy of Judaizing the Holy City of Jerusalem?
What did DAMASCUS describe Israel's policy of settlement as?
What has Israel announced?
What called on parliamentarians of all over the world to urge their governments to exert all types of pressure on Israel to abandon this peace-destroying policy?
What announces these plans?
What did today denounce Israel's policy of?
What has announced that it plans to make new settlements in Jerusalem and Bethlehem and to construct 300 more residential units for Jewish settlers in the West Bank?
What did DAMASCUS describe Israel's policy of as a serious challenge to the foundations and principles of the Mideast peace process?
What were the principles of the peace process?
What did the APU point out?
When described Israel's policy of settlement as a serious challenge to the foundations and principles of the Mideast peace process?
Who did the APU call on to urge their governments to exert all types of pressure on Israel to abandon this peace-destroying policy?
What was September 27-- The Damascus-based Arab Parliamentary Union?
What did the statement say are continuation of Israeli Prime Minister's Benjamin Netanyahu's policy of altering its Arab-Islamic identity?
What did the statement say the plans are continuation of?
Whose policy of Judaizing the Holy City of Jerusalem did the statement say the plans are continuation of?
What did today describe Israel's policy of as a serious challenge to the foundations and principles of the Mideast peace process?
When was DAMASCUS?
When did this come in a statement issued by the Arab Parliamentary Union in the Syrian capital?
What were the land-for-peace principle?
What described Israel's policy of settlement as a serious challenge to the foundations and principles of the Mideast peace process?
What did today describe as a serious challenge to the foundations and principles of the Mideast peace process?
What did today describe it as?
What described it as a serious challenge to the foundations and principles of the Mideast peace process?
Whose policy of altering its Arab-Islamic identity did the statement say the plans are continuation of?
What did the statement say are continuation of Israeli Prime Minister's Benjamin Netanyahu's policy of Judaizing the Holy City of Jerusalem?
What did the APU call on parliamentarians of all over the world to urge their governments to exert all types of?
What said the plans are continuation of Israeli Prime Minister's Benjamin Netanyahu's policy of altering its Arab-Islamic identity?
When described it as a serious challenge to the foundations and principles of the Mideast peace process?
What did the APU call on parliamentarians of all over the world to urge to exert all types of pressure on Israel to abandon this peace-destroying policy?
What said the plans are continuation of Israeli Prime Minister's Benjamin Netanyahu's policy of altering the Holy City of Jerusalem's Arab-Islamic identity?
Whose policy of altering the Holy City of Jerusalem's Arab-Islamic identity did the statement say the plans are continuation of?
What did today describe Israel's policy of settlement as?
What did the statement say are continuation of Israeli Prime Minister's Benjamin Netanyahu's policy of altering the Holy City of Jerusalem's Arab-Islamic identity?
What did the APU call on parliamentarians of all over the world to urge their governments to exert?
What did DAMASCUS describe as a serious challenge to the foundations and principles of the Mideast peace process?
What does Israel defy?
What did this come in in the Syrian capital today?
What did this come in a statement issued by the Arab Parliamentary Union in today?
When denounced Israel's policy of settlement?
What did DAMASCUS describe it as?
Who made the remark while commenting on an Israeli document concerning PNA's obligations and decisions relating to Israel's security in the West Bank?
What did Thursday urge to implement the Oslo accords and the Hebron agreement in a bid to move the Mideast peace process forward?
What did he urge the U. S. and other countries to put pressure on Israel to implement all agreements with?
When was JERUSALEM?
When urged Israel to implement the Oslo accords and the Hebron agreement in a bid to move the Mideast peace process forward?
What did the cabinet decide to keep it termed as vital to Israel's security and national interests in a permanent peace agreement with the Palestinians on Wednesday?
What did PNA Minister of Planning and International Cooperation Nabil Sha'ath urge to put pressure on Israel to implement all agreements it signed with the PNA?
What did PNA Minister of Planning and International Cooperation Nabil Sha'ath say?
Who referred to the final-status talks as initiated by Israel?
What did he urge to put pressure on Israel to implement all agreements it signed with the PNA?
What passed a 12-page document accusing the PNA of violating its obligations on Tuesday?
When did the Israeli cabinet pass a 12-page document accusing the PNA of violating its obligations?
How many security strips on each side of the West Bank, water resources, Jewish settlements, strategic roads and Jewish historical sites do these areas include?
What did the cabinet decide to keep all the areas in the West Bank to on Wednesday?
What was January 15-- A senior Palestinian National Authority official?
Who urged the U. S. and other countries to put pressure on Israel to implement all agreements it signed with the PNA?
What did he urge the U. S. and other countries to put?
What did PNA Minister of Planning and International Cooperation Nabil Sha'ath urge the U. S. and other countries to put pressure on Israel to implement all agreements with?
What do these areas include?
What referred to the final-status talks as initiated by Israel?
What did PNA Minister of Planning and International Cooperation Nabil Sha'ath say that Israel should implement?
What include two security strips on each side of the West Bank, water resources, Jewish settlements, strategic roads and Jewish historical sites?
What did he refer to?
What did PNA Minister of Planning and International Cooperation Nabil Sha'ath say into?
What did Thursday urge Israel to implement the Oslo accords and the Hebron agreement in?
What did he say into?
What did Sha'ath make while commenting on an Israeli document concerning PNA's obligations and decisions relating to Israel's security in the West Bank?
What did the Israeli cabinet pass on Tuesday?
What did the cabinet decide to keep all the areas in the West Bank it termed as vital to on Wednesday?
What did PNA Minister of Planning and International Cooperation Nabil Sha'ath refer to?
What did PNA Minister of Planning and International Cooperation Nabil Sha'ath address here?
Who addressed a press conference here?
What did PNA Minister of Planning and International Cooperation Nabil Sha'ath urge the U. S. and other countries to put?
What did Thursday urge Israel to implement in a bid to move the Mideast peace process forward?
Who summarized the suffering of the Palestinians in the past?
What is hoping to establish an independent state with East Jerusalem as its capital?
When was JERUSALEM?
Who did palestinian National Authority President Yasser Arafat add that nothing will force to leave?
What was nothing?
What did Israel win?
What has been achieved so far?
When did Arafat's warning come?
What was East Jerusalem occupied by since 1967?
What was February 12?
What did palestinian National Authority President Yasser Arafat add that the Palestinians will continue to stay on?
What won the 1948 independence war?
What has the Palestinian side turned down on a 13 percent withdrawal in the second redeployment?
What is among the activities?
What did Arafat summarize in the past?
When was East Jerusalem occupied by Israel?
Who added that the Palestinians will continue to stay on their land?
What did he add that nothing will force to leave?
Who have been forced to exile since Israel won the 1948 independence war and occupied a large part of the Palestinian territories over 3 million?
What did the Palestinian leader say from?''
Where is the United States currently hosting Israeli and Palestinian negotiators to bridge the gap in order to break the stalemate?
What did palestinian National Authority President Yasser Arafat add on?
What did he add?
What has turned down a U. S. proposal on a 13 percent withdrawal in the second redeployment?
Who said that those who oppose the Palestinian move to achieve independence ``can drink from the Gaza Sea or Dead Sea?''
Who did he add that nothing will force to leave?
What did Thursday's ceremony kick off a series of events in the coming year to mark in 1948?
Who have Palestinians been forced to since Israel won the 1948 independence war and occupied a large part of the Palestinian territories over 3 million?
Who is the United States currently hosting in Washington to bridge the gap in order to break the stalemate?
What did Thursday's ceremony kick off a series of to mark the so-called ``Catastrophe''-- the forced mass exudos of Palestinians in 1948?
What did he say from?''
What did Arafat pay tributes to?
What should have finished the first two stages of the three-phased redeployment by September last year under the Oslo accords and the Hebron agreement signed in January?
What is the United States currently hosting Israeli and Palestinian negotiators in Washington to bridge the gap in?
What has delayed the move due to the dispute over the scope of redeployment?
What was even nuclear, biological and other weapons?
When did Thursday's ceremony kick off a series of events in the coming year to mark the so-called ``Catastrophe''-- the forced mass exudos of Palestinians?
What is currently hosting Israeli and Palestinian negotiators in Washington to bridge the gap in order to break the stalemate?
Who added that nothing will force them to leave?
Who reported?
What has the Palestinian side turned down a U. S. proposal on?
What is a proposed international conference of all countries which have suffered similar disaster to discuss the Palestinian catastrophe among?
What did Israel occupy?
What was occupied by Israel since 1967?
What did Afrafat stress in?
Who paid tributes to the bravery of his people who have carried on the longest revolution of this century?
What have Palestinians been forced to exile since Israel won the 1948 independence war and occupied a large part of the Palestinian territories over?
What did Arafat pay to the bravery of his people who have carried on the longest revolution of this century?
When did Arafat summarize the suffering of the Palestinians?
What should Israel have finished the first two stages of the three-phased redeployment by September last year under?
What is the United States currently hosting Israeli and Palestinian negotiators in to bridge the gap in order to break the stalemate?
What did palestinian National Authority President Yasser Arafat add?
What has Israel delayed?
What did he add on?
Whose warning came at a time when the Israeli-Palestinian peace process is deeply deadlocked over Israel's prolonged delay in carrying out further troop redeployment in the West Bank?
What came at a time when the Israeli-Palestinian peace process is deeply deadlocked over Israel's prolonged delay in carrying out further troop redeployment in the West Bank?
What did palestinian National Authority President Yasser Arafat add that nothing will force to leave?
What did he add that the Palestinians will continue to stay on?
What did Israel occupy a large part of?
What did Thursday's ceremony kick off to mark the so-called ``Catastrophe''-- the forced mass exudos of Palestinians in 1948?
What occupied a large part of the Palestinian territories?
What kicked off a series of events in the coming year to mark the so-called ``Catastrophe''-- the forced mass exudos of Palestinians in 1948?
What is to be implemented in two phases according to the PNA's fulfillment of its obligations?
Who did Arafat summarize the suffering of in the past?
What is to be implemented in two phases according to the PNA's fulfillment of the PNA's obligations?
When was the Jerusalem-based Palestinian news service?
What was modern Palestinian history?
Who stressed that he was ready to die in order to put East Jerusalem in the Palestinian hands?
What did the two sides only agree to continue to under the supervision of U. S. Ambassador to Israel Edward Walker?
Who condemned the PNA for refusing to revise the Covenant?
When was JERUSALEM?
What has delayed the move due to a dispute over the scope of redeployment?
What did he condemn for glorifying terrorists?
What was he commenting on the warning given by Palestinian National Authority President Yasser Arafat that the Palestinian people would renew intifada against if the peace process collapses?
Who stressed that he would struggle to establish an independent Palestinian state with East Jerusalem as its capital?
What did he stress that he would struggle to establish an independent Palestinian state with East Jerusalem as?
What did the two sides only agree to continue to talks next week in the region under?
What was Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu commenting on the warning given by Palestinian National Authority President Yasser Arafat against?
What did Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu also warn?
What did Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu condemn for refusing to revise the Covenant?
What only agreed to continue to talks next week in the region under the supervision of U. S. Ambassador to Israel Edward Walker?
What did he stress that he would struggle to establish an independent Palestinian state with as its capital?
What did Netanyahu issue?
What should have finished the first two stages of the three-phased redeployment by September last year under the Oslo accords and the Hebron agreement signed last January?
What did he condemn for refusing to revise the Covenant?
How many sides only agreed to continue to talks next week in the region under the supervision of U. S. Ambassador to Israel Edward Walker?
What did Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu stress that he would struggle to establish an independent Palestinian state with East Jerusalem as?
What did Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu condemn for glorifying terrorists?
What did he stress that he would struggle to establish with East Jerusalem as its capital?
What should Israel have finished the first two stages of the three-phased redeployment by September last year under?
Who condemned the PNA for glorifying terrorists?
Who condemned the PNA for failing to prevent pro-Iraqi demonstrations?
What did he also warn?
Who launched a scathing attack on the PNA for violating the Oslo peace accords in his speech?
What did Netanyahu launch for violating the Oslo peace accords in his speech?
What has Israel delayed?
Who issued the warning here when he spoke to a visiting delegation of Jewish community in the United States?
What did he condemn for failing to prevent pro-Iraqi demonstrations?
What was February 13?
What did Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu also warn that Israel will scuttle if Arafat declares independence?
What did Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu stress that he would struggle to establish an independent Palestinian state with as its capital?
What came at a time when the Israeli-Palestinian peace process is deeply deadlocked over Israel's prolonged delay in carrying out further troop redeployment in the West Bank?
What did Netanyahu launch a scathing attack on the PNA for violating the Oslo peace accords in?
Who also warned that Israel will scuttle the Oslo accords if Arafat declares independence?
What did Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu condemn for failing to prevent pro-Iraqi demonstrations?
Who concluded their talks in Washington Friday?
What did Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu stress with?
Who was commenting on the warning given by Palestinian National Authority President Yasser Arafat that the Palestinian people would renew intifada against Israel if the peace process collapses?
When did the latest round of war of words come?
What was he commenting on the warning given by Palestinian National Authority President Yasser Arafat that the Palestinian people would renew against Israel if the peace process collapses?
What was he commenting on the warning given by Palestinian National Authority President Yasser Arafat against?
What did Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu stress that he would struggle to establish with East Jerusalem as its capital?
What did he stress with?
What did he also warn that Israel will scuttle if Arafat declares independence?
When did the Israeli Peace Bloc also demonstrate in East Jerusalem to voice palestinian officials and civilians's support for the the peace process?
What did JERUSALEM emphasize Sunday in that Jerusalem is part of the occupied land?
What did Arafat also urge the United States to announce?
What did he say that during, they discussed the Egyptian-French initiative for convening an international conference for countries aiming at breaking the deadlocked Middle East peace process?
When was JERUSALEM?
What are a large number of extremist Jewish demonstrators gathering near the Kattanin Gate that leads to?
Who said that even under the Oslo Accords, Jerusalem is part of the occupied land upon his arrival from Cairo?
Who said the Cairo meeting was positive and constructive?
Who are palestinian officials and civilians gathering inside the premises of the Mosque to try to prevent from entering into the holy site?
What did Arafat say to upon JERUSALEM's arrival from Cairo?
Who said that Israel should commit itself to all obligations of peace and respect the signed agreements upon his arrival from Cairo?
What are a large number of extremist Jewish demonstrators gathering near the Kattanin Gate to?
What did the Israeli Peace Bloc also demonstrate in East Jerusalem on Sunday to voice?
What did the Jewish demonstrators try to enter into?
What did JERUSALEM emphasize Sunday in Gaza that Jerusalem is?
What did JERUSALEM emphasize Sunday in Gaza?
What did the Israeli Peace Bloc also demonstrate in on Sunday to voice palestinian officials and civilians's support for the the peace process?
What did Israel capture?
What emphasized Sunday in Gaza that Jerusalem is part of the occupied land?
What did Arafat say that even under, Jerusalem is part of the occupied land upon his arrival from Cairo?
What captured the whole Jerusalem in the 1967 Middle East war?
What did Arafat say to upon his arrival from Cairo?
What also demonstrated in East Jerusalem on Sunday to voice their support for the the peace process?
When did the Israeli Peace Bloc also demonstrate in East Jerusalem to voice their support for the the peace process?
Who burned a model of Oslo Accords?
What did Arafat say that even under the Oslo Accords, Jerusalem is part of upon his arrival from Cairo?
What are palestinian officials and civilians gathering inside to try to prevent the Jewish demonstrators from entering into the holy site?
What did Arafat say that even under the Oslo Accords, Jerusalem is part of the occupied land upon?
Where did JERUSALEM emphasize Sunday that Jerusalem is part of the occupied land?
What did the Palestinian National Authority President Yasser Arafat say during?
What did he say during?
What did he say was positive and constructive?
Who are gathering near the Kattanin Gate that leads to the Al-Aqsa Mosque in East Jerusalem?
Who tried to enter into the Mosque?
Who was commenting on Israel's activities marking the 31st unification of Jerusalem which are going on on Sunday here?
What also demonstrated in East Jerusalem on Sunday to voice palestinian officials and civilians's support for the the peace process?
Who said that Israel should commit itself to all obligations of peace and respect the signed agreements upon JERUSALEM's arrival from Cairo?
What did the Israeli Peace Bloc also demonstrate in on Sunday to voice their support for the the peace process?
When did JERUSALEM emphasize in Gaza that Jerusalem is part of the occupied land?
What are a large number of extremist Jewish demonstrators gathering near that leads to the Al-Aqsa Mosque in East Jerusalem?
What did JERUSALEM emphasize Sunday in Gaza that Jerusalem is part of?
What did the Jewish demonstrators burn a model of?
What did the Palestinian National Authority President Yasser Arafat say was positive and constructive?
Where did the Israeli Peace Bloc also demonstrate on Sunday to voice palestinian officials and civilians's support for the the peace process?
What was May 24-- The Palestinian National Authority President Yasser Arafat?
Whose support for the the peace process did the Israeli Peace Bloc also demonstrate in East Jerusalem on Sunday to voice?
Where did the Israeli Peace Bloc also demonstrate on Sunday to voice their support for the the peace process?
What did Arafat say that even under the Oslo Accords, Jerusalem is upon his arrival from Cairo?
What did Arafat say even under upon his arrival from Cairo?
What did the Jewish demonstrators burn?
What did Arafat say that Israel should commit itself to all obligations of peace and respect the signed agreements upon?
Who are gathering inside the premises of the Mosque to try to prevent the Jewish demonstrators from entering into the holy site?
Who warned that this could blast the whole peace process?
What interpreted the Netanyahu proposal as an attempt to annul the land-for-peace principle set by the Madrid conference and the Oslo accords that Israel signed with the Palestinians?
What did the conference argue that negotiations on bilateral levels are being held with?
What did Jacques Chirac propose the holding of an international conference to discuss during his visit to France in May, Egyptian President Hosni Mubarak and his French counterpart?
What was June 28-- Egyptian Foreign Minister Amr Moussa?
What did the conference argue with?
Who did Egypt interpret the Netanyahu proposal as an attempt to annul the land-for-peace principle set by the Madrid conference and the Oslo accords that Israel signed with?
What did the top Egyptian diplomat note?
What did Egyptian President Hosni Mubarak warn?
Who noted that there is now an Egyptian-French initiative on holding an international conference to deal with the crisis created by the present Israeli policy?
What did the top Egyptian diplomat explain?
What did Egypt interpret the Netanyahu proposal as that Israel signed with the Palestinians?
Who did the Madrid conference bring for the first time?
When did CAIRO reaffirm that Egypt opposes Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin's proposal for holding a Madrid II international conference on the Mideast peace process?
What did he not want the conference to tackle specifically?
What did Egypt interpret as an attempt to annul the land-for-peace principle set by the Madrid conference and the Oslo accords that Israel signed with the Palestinians?
What did CAIRO reaffirm Sunday?
What did CAIRO reaffirm Sunday that Egypt opposes?
What was he commenting on?
What did Egyptian President Hosni Mubarak meet with Spanish Prime Minister Jose Maria Aznar in Cairo?
Who met with Spanish Prime Minister Jose Maria Aznar in Cairo Saturday?
Who was commenting on the idea put forward by Netanyahu for convening a multilateral conference to tackle all regional issues?
What argued that negotiations on bilateral levels are being held with the U. S. participation?
Whose proposal for holding a Madrid II international conference on the Mideast peace process did CAIRO reaffirm Sunday?
What did the top Egyptian diplomat note that there is now?
Who flatly rejected Netanyahu's Madrid II idea?
What did Egyptian President Hosni Mubarak flatly reject?
What did Jacques Chirac propose the holding of an international conference to discuss the current peace deadlock during?
What did Netanyahu say in an interview published Saturday on the Spanish newspaper ABC?
Whose proposal for holding a Madrid II international conference on the Mideast peace process did CAIRO reaffirm Sunday that Egypt opposes?
What brought Israelis and Arabs to face-to-face talks for the first time?
What did Jacques Chirac propose to discuss the current peace deadlock during his visit to France in May, Egyptian President Hosni Mubarak and his French counterpart?
What did Netanyahu say he believed in an interview published Saturday on the Spanish newspaper ABC?
What did Netanyahu not want to tackle specifically the Israeli-Palestinian peace stalemate?
Who did Egyptian President Hosni Mubarak meet with Saturday?
What did Moussa reiterate?
When did the Madrid conference bring Israelis and Arabs to face-to-face talks?
Who did not want the conference to tackle specifically the Israeli-Palestinian peace stalemate?
Whose Madrid II idea did Egyptian President Hosni Mubarak flatly reject?
What was Egyptian Foreign Minister Amr Moussa commenting on?
What were the regional problems as?
When was CAIRO?
Who explained that the proposed conference is ``not to renegotiate the principles of Madrid conference''?
What deadlock specifically?
What did he not want to tackle specifically the Israeli-Palestinian peace stalemate?
What did Netanyahu not want the conference to tackle specifically?
What reaffirmed Sunday that Egypt opposes Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin's proposal for holding a Madrid II international conference on the Mideast peace process?
What was Moussa quoted by as saying, ``There is nothing called ` Madrid II '''?
Who did Egypt interpret the Netanyahu proposal as an attempt to annul the land-for-peace principle set by the Madrid conference and the Oslo accords with?
What did Moussa reiterate that there is?
What were such as water distribution and environment protection?
Who was quoted by the Middle East News Agency as saying, ``There is nothing called ` Madrid II '''?
What did he explain?
What did Egyptian President Hosni Mubarak warn that this could blast?
What has GAZA CITY warned to?
What did Arafat say in?
When will he start his three-day visit to China?
What did palestinian President Yasser Arafat say the Palestinians are seeking?
What did Arafat make in an exclusive interview with Xinhua on the eve of his visit to China?
What did Arafat make the remarks in on the eve of his visit to China?
What did Arafat note?
What did he also criticize Israel for?
What did Arafat say the Israeli side had in reality relinquished ever since the Israeli incumbent government came to power two years ago?
What did he say the Palestinians are seeking?
What has GAZA CITY warned that the failure of the signed Palestinian-Israeli peace accords will lead to violence?
What are Security Council resolution 242 and 338?
Who also criticized Israel for its ``unjust blockade'' of Palestinian areas?
Who said the Israeli side had in reality relinquished the peace accords ever since the Israeli incumbent government came to power two years ago?
What did Arafat say Israel has failed to keep their promises made in signed agreements on?
Who made the remarks in an exclusive interview with Xinhua on the eve of his visit to China?
What are international legitimate resolutions?
What did Arafat say the Israeli side had in relinquished the peace accords ever since the Israeli incumbent government came to power two years ago?
What did Arafat say had in reality relinquished the peace accords ever since the Israeli incumbent government came to power two years ago?
What did the Israeli incumbent government come to two years ago?
When will palestinian President Yasser Arafat start his three-day visit to China?
When is GAZA CITY?
What do we have?
What did Arafat blame for the 16-month-old stalemate in the peace process?
What did Arafat blame Israel for in the peace process?
What will he start on Monday?
What will the explosion hit in as much as peace is in the interest of all?
Who said the Palestinians are seeking peace?
What did Arafat say Israel has failed to keep on issues like redeployment in the West Bank and issues of transition period?
What did Arafat note that the situation is approaching?
What did Arafat note that I ring?
Who will start his three-day visit to China on Monday?
Who blamed Israel for the 16-month-old stalemate in the peace process?
Who did Arafat make the remarks in an exclusive interview with Xinhua on?
What came to power two years ago?
What will hit everyone in as much as peace is in the interest of all?
Who have the longest revolution and the longest intifada in the modern history?
Who did he say are seeking peace?
What is July 12-- Palestinian President Yasser Arafat?
What did Arafat say has failed to keep their promises made in signed agreements on issues like redeployment in the West Bank and issues of transition period?
What did palestinian President Yasser Arafat also criticize for its ``unjust blockade'' of Palestinian areas?
What did Arafat blame Israel for the 16-month-old stalemate in?
What has GAZA CITY warned that the failure of the signed Palestinian-Israeli peace accords will lead the region to?
What was Jewish settlements?
What did he also criticize for its ``unjust blockade'' of Palestinian areas?
What will the explosion hit everyone in?
What did Arafat note that I ring the bells of?
Who noted that the situation is approaching starvation?
What has warned that the failure of the signed Palestinian-Israeli peace accords will lead the region to violence?
Who said Israel has failed to keep their promises made in signed agreements on issues like redeployment in the West Bank and issues of transition period?
What was the West Bank?
Who did palestinian President Yasser Arafat say are seeking peace?
Who said?
What will palestinian President Yasser Arafat start on Monday?
Who noted that I ring the bells of danger?
What did palestinian President Yasser Arafat also criticize Israel for?
What did Israel Radio report Wednesday?
Who said then that Netanyahu ``thought the question would not look good if he attended?''
What would Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu reportedly send Uzi Arad to take part in the commemoration?
Who reached agreement on August 20 of 1993 on principles of Palestinian self-rule?
What should have moved forward to final-status talks two years ago according to the Oslo Accords?
When did Israel Radio report that Norwegian foreign minister on Tuesday personally requested that Netanyahu attend the meeting?
What did Israel Radio report Wednesday that Norwegian foreign minister on Tuesday personally requested?
Who has grudgingly reiterated commitment to carry the Oslo Accords forward?
How many sides should have moved forward to final-status talks two years ago according to the Oslo Accords?
Who had no part in the historic peace agreements?
Who are planning to attend?
What would Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu reportedly send his diplomatic advisor Uzi Arad to take?
Where did David Bar-Illan also say the prime minister had to deal with ``more important things'' at the present time?
What did the Israeli and Palestinian negotiators reach on principles of Palestinian self-rule?
Where did Netanyahu say?
What has Netanyahu grudgingly reiterated?
Who said he did not intend to travel to the birth place of the Oslo Accords since he had no part in the historic peace agreements?
What has JERUSALEM turned down to attend a meeting in Norway next week to mark the fifth anniversary of the Oslo Accords?
What is still at loggerheads with the Palestinians over its withdrawal from the West Bank?
What did Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu have?
Who would he reportedly send his diplomatic advisor to take part in the commemoration?
Who has grudgingly reiterated commitment to carry them forward?
Who has regularly attacked the Oslo Accords?
Who is Israel still at over its withdrawal from the West Bank?
What would he reportedly send Uzi Arad to take part in the commemoration?
What would Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu reportedly send his diplomatic advisor?
What did Israel Radio report Wednesday that Norwegian foreign minister on Tuesday personally requested that Netanyahu attend?
When did the Israeli and Palestinian negotiators follow?
What did Netanyahu say he did not intend to travel to since he had no part in the historic peace agreements?
What was the question in cropping up earlier this month when the Norwegian government invited Netanyahu to attend the celebrations?
What was widely-known later as the Oslo Accords which started the Israeli-Palestinian peace process?
What would he reportedly send his diplomatic advisor?
When are both Palestinian National Authority Chairman Yasser Arafat and former Israeli Prime Minister Shimon Peres scheduled to speak at the meeting to be held in Oslo?
What reported Wednesday that Norwegian foreign minister on Tuesday personally requested that Netanyahu attend the meeting?
Who said he was too busy to go to Norway?
Who did Netanyahu say was too busy to go to Norway?
What are both Palestinian National Authority Chairman Yasser Arafat and former Israeli Prime Minister Shimon Peres scheduled to speak at next Monday?
Who was David Bar-Illan?
What was in fact cropping up earlier this month when the Norwegian government invited Netanyahu to attend the celebrations?
What did the Israeli and Palestinian negotiators follow months of?
What did David Bar-Illan also say with?
Who would Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu reportedly send his diplomatic advisor to take part in the commemoration?
Who reportedly would send his diplomatic advisor Uzi Arad to take part in the commemoration?
What did an aide to the prime minister say then that Netanyahu ``thought?''
When did David Bar-Illan also say the prime minister had to deal with ``more important things'' in Israel?
What has turned down an invitation to attend a meeting in Norway next week to mark the fifth anniversary of the Oslo Accords?
What has Netanyahu regularly attacked?
What did Netanyahu say to?
Who did Netanyahu say did not intend to travel to the birth place of the Oslo Accords since he had no part in the historic peace agreements?
What is Israel still at loggerheads with the Palestinians over?
What did David Bar-Illan also say the prime minister had to deal with ``more important things'' in at the present time?
What did David Bar-Illan also say the prime minister had to deal with in Israel at the present time?
Who was media adviser to Netanyahu?
What was palestinian self-rule?
What is August 19-- Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu?
When is JERUSALEM?
Who also said the prime minister had to deal with ``more important things'' in Israel at the present time?
Who said then that Netanyahu ``thought it would not look good if he attended?''
When did the Israeli and Palestinian negotiators reach agreement on August 20 on principles of Palestinian self-rule?
What did he have?
What should the two sides have moved forward to according to the Oslo Accords?
Who did David Bar-Illan also say had to deal with ``more important things'' in Israel at the present time?
Where did Netanyahu say he did not intend to travel since he had no part in the historic peace agreements?
What did the Israeli and Palestinian negotiators reach agreement on August 20 of 1993 on?
What would he reportedly send his diplomatic advisor Uzi Arad to take?
Who followed months of secret talks held in Oslo?
What has JERUSALEM turned down an invitation to attend?
Who said?
Who are scheduled to speak at the meeting to be held in Oslo next Monday?
What did the peace process begin to?
Who said that more and more Israelis are accepting the reality of a future Palestinian state?
What have led to the current stalemate in the peace talks?
What did Political observers say that the Oslo Accords are in?
What had been expected to sign an agreement over the Israeli withdrawal from the West Bank in Washington Sunday?
Who had repeatedly attacked the Oslo Accords for being incomplete?
What has Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu replaced by ``peace with security'' since he took office in 1996?
What went quite smoothly in its first two years?
Who said that most Palestinians believe there is no alternative to Oslo Accords?
What have Oslo Accords designed by leaving most of the toughest issues to final status talks?
What did that say's the only path to peace the Oslo Accords envisioned five years ago?
What happened?
What did analysts say that more and more Israelis are accepting?
When did the Oslo peace process go quite smoothly?
When was Jerusalem?
What did analysts say that most Palestinians believe there is?
When have changed the attitudes of Israeli and Palestinian people?
What followed a series of deadly suicide bombings the current Likud government came to power in the middle of that year?
What abolished the former Labor government's policy of freezing the current Likud government's establishment?
What did Israel approve in June?
Who are still struggling to get a small portion of the land?
What did Israel begin to build?
What is peace process?
What remains a dream?
What approved a controversial plan to expand the city far beyond its current borders in June?
Who were promised land and the Israelis peace?
What did Political observers say in?
Who said that's the only path to peace the Oslo Accords envisioned five years ago?
When has been marked by clashes between the Palestinians and Israeli soldiers, the Israeli closure of the West Bank and Gaza, and massive peace demonstrations in Israel?
Who had repeatedly attacked the Oslo Accords for failing to address Israeli security concerns?
What should most of the West Bank have been handed over to the Palestinians two years ago under?
What has Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu replaced the ``land for peace'' principle by?
What did analysts note?
What did that say that's?
What should most of the West Bank have been handed over to two years ago under the Oslo?
What is U. S. Middle East peace envoy Dennis Ross still shuttling between to bridge their gaps over the second stage of Israeli withdrawals from the West Bank?
What said that's the only path to peace the Oslo Accords envisioned five years ago?
Who has replaced the ``land for peace'' principle by ``peace with security'' since he took office in 1996?
Who said that the Oslo Accords are in a coma?
What have all these measures led to?
What had Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu repeatedly attacked for failing to address Israeli security concerns?
Who is still shuttling between the two sides to bridge their gaps over the second stage of Israeli withdrawals from the West Bank?
What followed a series of deadly suicide bombings sponsored by Hamas against Israel in early 1996?
What were the Palestinians promised?
What does the rosy picture remain?
What is no matter how tortuous it goes?
What did they say that's?
What are the Palestinians still struggling to get?
Who said that the lack of mutual confidence is the root?
What should have been handed over to the Palestinians two years ago under the Oslo?
What did jewish settlements abolish the former Labor government's policy of?
What had Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu repeatedly attacked for being incomplete?
What did it approve in June?
What did Political observers say?
Who noted that the two sides have to rebuild their mutual trust as soon as possible and carry out all signed agreements seriously and swiftly?
How many years of peace process have changed the attitudes of Israeli and Palestinian people?
What did jewish settlements abolish?
What has shaken the foundation of the peace treaty?
What have derailed the Oslo process?
What are the Palestinians still struggling to get a small portion of?
When did it approve a controversial plan to expand the city far beyond its current borders?
Who have designed a confidence-building mechanism by leaving most of the toughest issues to final status talks?
What remains unclear?
What was September 13-- When the historic Oslo Accords were signed in Washington today?
When did Israel approve a controversial plan to expand the city far beyond its current borders?
What has the fifth anniversary of the Oslo Accords been marked by?
What is no matter how tortuous the depth of recrimination between the two sides goes?
What has the depth of recrimination between the two sides shaken?
What have all these measures derailed?
What have five years of peace process changed?
What have five years of peace process changed the attitudes of?
What did analysts say that most Palestinians believe?
What did the peace process follow?
What also tightened the control over Jerusalem?
What did they say's the only path to peace the Oslo Accords envisioned five years ago?
What did analysts say?
What did the peace process follow a series of sponsored by Hamas against Israel in early 1996?
What abolished the former Labor government's policy of freezing their establishment?
What has the depth of recrimination between the two sides shaken the foundation of?
What did the peace process follow a series of the current Likud government came to power in the middle of that year?
What began to build Jewish settlements?
What did Israel also tighten?
What did Political observers say that the lack of mutual confidence is?
What did analysts say that more and more Israelis are accepting the reality of?
What began to falter?
When is approaching?
What did JERUSALEM express Friday welcome to at Wye Plantation outside Washington?
Who urged both sides to implement the agreement according to agreed timetable?
Whose decision to hand further West Bank land to the Palestinians did Uzi Landau tell the Channel 1 that he will oppose?
Where did Peres say in Israel, only a minority of people oppose the peace and the majority must support?
What was October 23-- Israeli former Prime Minister Shimon Peres?
When was JERUSALEM?
When did JERUSALEM express welcome to the peace agreement reached by Israeli and Palestinian leaders at Wye Plantation outside Washington?
Who did Uzi Landau tell the Channel 1 that he will oppose Netanyahu's decision to hand further to?
Who told the Channel 1 that he will oppose Netanyahu's decision to hand further West Bank land to the Palestinians?
Who is also a Knesset member?
Who told the Israeli TV Channel 1 the agreement reached at the Wye Plantation was a victory for the Oslo accords which kicked off the Mideast peace process?
Who was Uzi Landau?
What did Uzi Landau tell the Channel 1 that he will oppose?
Who was chairman of the Knesset Foreign Affairs and Defense Committee?
When did reports reaching here from the plantation say?
Whose decision to hand further West Bank land to the Palestinians did Uzi Landau tell the Channel 1?
Who contributed a great deal in the peace process?
What did Uzi Landau tell that he will oppose Netanyahu's decision to hand further West Bank land to the Palestinians?
Where did Peres say, only a minority of people oppose the peace and the majority must support what has been reached at Wye Plantation?
Who said in Israel, only a minority of people oppose the peace and the majority must support what has been reached at Wye Plantation?
What did Peres say in Israel, oppose the peace and the majority must support what has been reached at Wye Plantation?
What expressed Friday welcome to the peace agreement reached by Israeli and Palestinian leaders at Wye Plantation outside Washington?
What did Peres say in Israel, only a minority of people oppose at?
Who is Peres also?
What did Israel's right-wing groups and politicians strongly oppose at?
What did Peres urge both sides to implement according to agreed timetable?
Where did Peres say in Israel, only a minority of people oppose?
What strongly opposed what has been reached at the Wye Plantation?
What was Uzi Landau chairman of?
What did Peres contribute in the peace process?
What did Peres tell the Israeli TV Channel 1 was a victory for the Oslo accords which kicked off the Mideast peace process?
Where did JERUSALEM express Friday welcome to the peace agreement reached by Israeli and Palestinian leaders?
What did Uzi Landau tell the Channel 1?
What was planned at White House later Friday?
What did Peres say in Israel, only a minority of people oppose the peace and the majority must support at?
What did Peres say in Israel, only a minority of people oppose must support what has been reached at Wye Plantation?
What said that after nine days of intensive talks, Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu and Palestinian leader Yasser Arafat reached an agreement on issues discussed?
What did Peres urge to implement the agreement according to agreed timetable?
What did Peres say in, only a minority of people oppose the peace and the majority must support what has been reached at Wye Plantation?
What did Peres tell the agreement reached at the Wye Plantation was a victory for the Oslo accords which kicked off the Mideast peace process?
What did JERUSALEM express Friday welcome to the peace agreement reached by Israeli and Palestinian leaders at?
When was the signing ceremony planned at White House?
Who said?
What was the signing ceremony planned at later Friday?
What did Peres contribute a great deal in?
Where did Israel's right-wing groups and politicians strongly oppose?
When did reports reaching here from the plantation say that, Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu and Palestinian leader Yasser Arafat reached an agreement on issues discussed?
What did Peres tell the Israeli TV Channel 1 the agreement reached at the Wye Plantation was?
When did he describe as ``tremendous difficult''?
What did the Oslo Accords prepare the ground for the Israeli-Palestinian peace process on?''
What did BEN GURION AIRPORT say Sunday that the interim deal he struck with the Palestinians was unlike?
What did he say was the best he could have been achieved under the current circumstance?
What did the talks result in last Friday by Netanyahu, Arafat and U. S. President Bill Clinton?
What prepared the ground for the Israeli-Palestinian peace process on the principle of ``land-for-peace?''
What did BEN GURION AIRPORT say?
Who spoke at a news conference here after returning from 11-day stay in the U. S. for negotiations?
Who did the talks result in the new interim agreement signed at the White House last Friday by?
What was October 25?
When did Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu describe as ``tremendous difficult''?
What was signed by his predecessor, late Yitzhak Rabin, and Palestinian leader Yasser Arafat?
What did Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu say this was?
What did Netanyahu say?
What did BEN GURION AIRPORT say Sunday unlike?
What began on October 15?
What did he say this was?
When did the talks result in the new interim agreement signed at the White House by Netanyahu, Arafat and U. S. President Bill Clinton?
What was signed by Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu's predecessor, late Yitzhak Rabin, and Palestinian leader Yasser Arafat?
Who said the Oslo Accords were not good agreements?
What did he say were not good agreements?
When did the talks begin?
What did he say the Oslo Accords were?
When was TEL AVIV?
Who said this was the best he could have been achieved under the current circumstance?
What did Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu say was the best he could have been achieved under the current circumstance?
What was BEN GURION AIRPORT?
What did BEN GURION AIRPORT say the Oslo Accords were?
Who was the Oslo Accords signed by?
What did Netanyahu say for?
Who described as ``tremendous difficult'' the nine days of bargaining with the Palestinians under U. S. mediation at the Wye Plantation near Washington?
What did Netanyahu say his deal did provide for Israel while being required to relinquish lands to the Palestinians?
What did Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu say?
Whose predecessor, late Yitzhak Rabin, and Palestinian leader Yasser Arafat was the Oslo Accords signed by?
What said Sunday that the interim deal he struck with the Palestinians was unlike the Oslo Accords?
When did BEN GURION AIRPORT say that the interim deal he struck with the Palestinians was unlike the Oslo Accords?
Who said his deal did provide security guarantee for Israel while being required to relinquish lands to the Palestinians?
What was TEL AVIV-- Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu?
What did Netanyahu speak at after returning from 11-day stay in the U. S. for negotiations?
What said the Oslo Accords were not good agreements?
What did Netanyahu say his deal did provide security guarantee for while being required to relinquish lands to the Palestinians?
What did Netanyahu say did provide security guarantee for Israel while being required to relinquish lands to the Palestinians?
What resulted in the new interim agreement signed at the White House last Friday by Netanyahu, Arafat and U. S. President Bill Clinton?
What did he say?
What did BEN GURION AIRPORT say were not good agreements?
What did the Oslo Accords prepare on the principle of ``land-for-peace?''
What did the official add meanwhile, U. S. President Bill Clinton's letter to Arafat was also made public to?
Who did a delegation of the Palestinian Islamic Resistance Movement headed by its spiritual leader Sheik Ahmed Yassin attend the meeting as?
What said here Tuesday that he favored to declare an independent Palestinian state on May 4 this year?
Where did palestinian leader Yaser Arafat travel recently to advise over this matter for this purpose?
Who said the outcome and fate of the Palestinian people's struggle have asked the Palestinian leadership to declare an independent Palestinian state in the territories on time?
What did the PLO Central Council start discussing here Tuesday over?
What are anxiously to see what decision the council would make on this statehood issue?
What are the whole world anxiously to see on?
What did Arafat brief the council members about the current development in the Middle East peace process with leaders of foreign countries in his speech?
What does Arafat have stated many times in the past that under, he has the right to declare an independent Palestinian state on that date?
Who briefed the council members about the current development in the Middle East peace process with leaders of foreign countries he recently visited in his speech?
Who officially sent a letter to Arafat?
What did a delegation of the Palestinian Islamic Resistance Movement headed by its spiritual leader Sheik Ahmed Yassin attend as observers?
What did the United States urge on Monday again Israel and the Palestinian National Authority not to take?
Who did Arafat brief the council members about the current development in the Middle East peace process with he recently visited in his speech?
What did Arafat say the outcome and fate of the Palestinian people's struggle have asked to declare an independent Palestinian state in the territories on time?
What is the whole world?
What did palestinian leader Yaser Arafat travel recently to to seek their support for this purpose?
When would Arafat announce the formation of an independent Palestinian state in the teritories this year?
What did the White House promise to facilitate?
What does Arafat have stated in the past that under the Oslo principles, he has the right to declare an independent Palestinian state on that date?
Where did palestinian leader Yaser Arafat travel recently to seek their support for this purpose?
What was April 27-- Palestinian leader Yaser Arafat?
What is not clear how long the council meeting would take?
What did palestinian leader Yaser Arafat travel recently to to advise over this matter for this purpose?
What issued a statement the same day?
What did the White House back up?
What did Arafat brief the council members about with leaders of foreign countries he recently visited in his speech?
What is the White House not clear?
What did he travel recently to many countries in the world to seek their support for?
What threatens to annex parts of the West Bank territories now under its control?
What did U. S. President Bill Clinton on Monday officially send?
What would Arafat announce the formation of an independent Palestinian state in on May 4 this year?
What is it not clear?
What is the council meeting's main topic in?
When did the PLO Central Council start discussing here over the issue of the establishment of an independent Palestinian state?
What does Israel oppose?
What did palestinian leader Yaser Arafat travel recently to many countries in the world to advise over this matter for?
What did palestinian leader Yaser Arafat travel recently to many countries in the world to seek for this purpose?
What attended the meeting as observers?
What did the United States seek to persuade the Palestinians not to declare?
What opposes this idea?
When was GAZA CITY?
What did he travel recently to many countries in the world to seek for this purpose?
Whose call did the White House back up?
What should the issue of the statehood declaration be decided by?
What does Israel threaten to now under this idea's control?
What are demonstrating in front of the Office?
When did the United States urge not to take unilateral actions?
Who also took part in the meeting?
Who traveled recently to many countries in the world to seek their support for this purpose?
What was the situation in the region and his discussions about the statehood issue?
When did GAZA CITY say here Tuesday?
When did GAZA CITY say that he favored to declare an independent Palestinian state on May 4 this year?
Who addressed the meeting of the Palestine Liberation Organization Central Council?
What did Arafat address the meeting of?
Who added meanwhile, U. S. President Bill Clinton's letter to Arafat was also made public to the council?
What promised to facilitate that process?
Who did the United States seek to persuade not to declare a state?
What did he travel recently to to seek their support for this purpose?
What does Israel threaten to now under its control?
Where did he travel recently to advise over this matter for this purpose?
What started discussing here Tuesday over the issue of the establishment of an independent Palestinian state?
What is the United States and Israel?
Who did Arafat brief the council members about the current development in the Middle East peace process with leaders of foreign countries recently visited in his speech?
What is the meeting in?
When did GAZA CITY say here Tuesday that he favored to declare an independent Palestinian state this year?
What does Arafat have stated many times in the past under?
When does Arafat have stated many times that under the Oslo principles, he has the right to declare an independent Palestinian state on that date?
What did Arafat say the outcome and fate of the Palestinian people's struggle have asked the Palestinian leadership to declare on time?
Who has stated many times in the past that under the Oslo principles, he has the right to declare an independent Palestinian state on that date?
What did palestinian leader Yaser Arafat travel recently to many countries in the world to seek their support for?
What are hundreds of Palestinians from the Democratic Front for the Liberation of Palestine, demonstrating in?
What is whether Arafat would announce the formation of an independent Palestinian state in the teritories on May 4 this year?
What did he travel recently to many countries in the world to advise over this matter for?
What did Arafat say have asked the Palestinian leadership to declare an independent Palestinian state in the territories on time?
What did he travel recently to to advise over this matter for this purpose?
What did palestinian leader Yaser Arafat travel recently to many countries in the world to advise over for this purpose?
What should be decided by the council?
Who traveled recently to many countries in the world to advise over this matter for this purpose?
Who would announce the formation of an independent Palestinian state in the teritories on May 4 this year?
What urge the council and Arafat not to postpone the declaration on May 4?
What does Arafat have stated many times in the past that under the Oslo principles, he has?
What was the current development in the Middle East peace process?
What urged on Monday again Israel and the Palestinian National Authority not to take unilateral actions?
What is in progress?
Whose letter to Arafat did the official add meanwhile, was also made public to the council?
What did Arafat address?
What did Representatives from other Palestinian political factions also take?
What sought to persuade the Palestinians not to declare a state?
What was the situation in the region and palestinian leader Yaser Arafat's discussions about the statehood issue?
What do hundreds of Palestinians from the Democratic Front for the Liberation of Palestine, urge the council and Arafat not to postpone on May 4?
When do hundreds of Palestinians from the Democratic Front for the Liberation of Palestine, urge the council and Arafat not to postpone the declaration?
What do hundreds of Palestinians from the Democratic Front for the Liberation of Palestine, urge not to postpone the declaration on May 4?
When did Arafat say the outcome and fate of the Palestinian people's struggle have asked the Palestinian leadership to declare an independent Palestinian state in the territories?
What backed up Clinton's call?
What did he travel recently to many countries in the world to advise over for this purpose?
What set themselves a new target of agreeing on a permanent settlement within in a year?
What did Arafat brief the council members about the current development in the Middle East peace process with leaders of foreign countries he recently visited in?
What did a senior Palestinian official say shortly after Arafat's address to the meeting, was submitted to the council for consideration?
What threatens to annex parts of the West Bank territories now under this idea's control?
What did the official add meanwhile, was also made public to the council?
Where did he travel recently to seek their support for this purpose?
What was invited?
What does Israel threaten to annex parts of the West Bank territories now under?
When did Arafat say?
Who did Arafat brief about the current development in the Middle East peace process with leaders of foreign countries he recently visited in his speech?
Who did a delegation of the Palestinian Islamic Resistance Movement headed by its spiritual leader Sheik Ahmed Yassin attend the meeting as?
What did he travel recently to many countries to seek their support for?
What are the whole world anxiously to see on?
What does Arafat have stated many times in the past that under, he has the right to declare an independent Palestinian state on that date?
Who officially sent a letter to Arafat?
What did a delegation of the Palestinian Islamic Resistance Movement headed by its spiritual leader Sheik Ahmed Yassin attend as observers?
Where was the meeting held?
What did palestinian leader Yasser Arafat travel recently to to advise over this matter for this purpose?
What do hundreds of Palestinians from the Democratic Front for the Liberation of Palestine, urge not to postpone the declaration of statehood on May 4?
What did the United States urge on Monday again Israel and the Palestinian National Authority not to take?
What did palestinian leader Yasser Arafat travel recently to to seek their support for this purpose?
What do hundreds of Palestinians from the Democratic Front for the Liberation of Palestine, urge the council and Arafat not to postpone the declaration of on May 4?
What is the whole world?
Who presided over the meeting?
When do hundreds of Palestinians from the Democratic Front for the Liberation of Palestine, urge the council and Arafat not to postpone the declaration of statehood?
When would Arafat announce the formation of an independent Palestinian state in the teritories this year?
What did the White House promise to facilitate?
What does Arafat have stated in the past that under the Oslo principles, he has the right to declare an independent Palestinian state on that date?
What is not clear how long the council meeting would take?
What issued a statement the same day?
What did the White House back up?
Who did the meeting attend by?
What is the White House not clear?
What threatens to annex parts of the West Bank territories now under its control?
What did U. S. President Bill Clinton on Monday officially send?
What would Arafat announce the formation of an independent Palestinian state in on May 4 this year?
What is it not clear?
What did palestinian leader Yasser Arafat travel recently to many countries to advise over for this purpose?
What did he travel recently to many countries to seek for this purpose?
What is the council meeting's main topic in?
What did he travel recently to many countries to advise over for this purpose?
What does Israel oppose?
How many members does the council have?
What attended the meeting as observers?
What has 124 members?
What did the United States seek to persuade the Palestinians not to declare?
What opposes this idea?
What did he travel recently to many countries to advise over this matter for?
What was April 27-- Palestine Liberation Organization Central Council?
When was GAZA CITY?
What did palestinian leader Yasser Arafat travel recently to many countries to seek their support for?
Whose call did the White House back up?
What does Israel threaten to now under this idea's control?
Who traveled recently to many countries to seek their support for this purpose?
When did the United States urge not to take unilateral actions?
What are demonstrating in front of the office?
Who also took part in the meeting?
What promised to facilitate that process?
Who did the United States seek to persuade not to declare a state?
What did he travel recently to to seek their support for this purpose?
What does Israel threaten to now under its control?
What is the United States and Israel?
What was the meeting held at?
What is the meeting in?
What does Arafat have stated many times in the past under?
When does Arafat have stated many times that under the Oslo principles, he has the right to declare an independent Palestinian state on that date?
Who has stated many times in the past that under the Oslo principles, he has the right to declare an independent Palestinian state on that date?
What are anxiously to see what decision the council would make on the statehood issue?
What are hundreds of Palestinians from the Democratic Front for the Liberation of Palestine, demonstrating in?
What did palestinian leader Yasser Arafat travel recently to many countries to seek for this purpose?
What is whether Arafat would announce the formation of an independent Palestinian state in the teritories on May 4 this year?
What did he travel recently to to advise over this matter for this purpose?
Who would announce the formation of an independent Palestinian state in the teritories on May 4 this year?
What does Arafat have stated many times in the past that under the Oslo principles, he has?
Who traveled recently to many countries to advise over this matter for this purpose?
What did palestinian leader Yasser Arafat preside over?
What did palestinian leader Yasser Arafat travel recently to many countries to advise over this matter for?
What urged on Monday again Israel and the Palestinian National Authority not to take unilateral actions?
What is in progress?
What was held at the Presidential Office?
What did Representatives from other Palestinian political factions also take?
What sought to persuade the Palestinians not to declare a state?
What do hundreds of Palestinians from the Democratic Front for the Liberation of Palestine, urge the council and Arafat not to postpone on May 4?
What urge the council and Arafat not to postpone the declaration of statehood on May 4?
What attended by over 100 council members?
What did GAZA CITY start its discussions here Tuesday on?
What backed up Clinton's call?
What set themselves a new target of agreeing on a permanent settlement within in a year?
Who does the council have?
What threatens to annex parts of the West Bank territories now under this idea's control?
What was invited?
What does Israel threaten to annex parts of the West Bank territories now under?
What started its discussions here Tuesday on the issue of the establishment of an independent Palestinian state?
What did Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu add?
What is discussing in Gaza whether to declare statehood on May 4?
What also calls for the right of Palestinian refugees to return home?
What does the commission's resolution also call for?
What does Arafat have stated many times in the past that he has?
What does Arafat have stated many times in the past?
What has warned Palestinian leader Yasser Arafat not to declare an independent Palestinian State on May 4 this year?
Who said that Israel could not accept the resolution adopted by the United Nations Human Rights Commission Tuesday in Geneva?
What does unilateral Palestinian statehood declaration threaten to annex parts of the West Bank now under?
What is April 28-- Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu?
Who did Netanyahu talk to before meeting with foreign diplomats here on Wednesday afternoon?
What did Netanyahu say?
What does Arafat have stated in the past that he has the right to declare an independent Palestinian state on May 4 this year?
What did he say that Israel could not accept?
Who opposes unilateral Palestinian statehood declaration?
What did he add?
When does Arafat have stated many times that he has the right to declare an independent Palestinian state on May 4 this year?
Who added that no unilateral actions could help?
When has JERUSALEM warned Palestinian leader Yasser Arafat not to declare an independent Palestinian State this year?
Who talked to reporters before meeting with foreign diplomats here on Wednesday afternoon?
What is the Palestine Liberation Organization Central Council discussing in whether to declare statehood on May 4?
What does unilateral Palestinian statehood declaration threaten to now under Israeli control?
What did Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu say?
Who has JERUSALEM warned not to declare an independent Palestinian State on May 4 this year?
When did Netanyahu talk to reporters before meeting with foreign diplomats here afternoon?
When is JERUSALEM?
Who said the peace process could be moved forward if Arafat refrains from doing so?
What did Netanyahu say could be moved forward if Arafat refrains from doing so?
What calls for Palestinian self-determination on the basis of the U. N. partition resolution 181 adopted in 1947?
Who has stated many times in the past that he has the right to declare an independent Palestinian state on May 4 this year?
What threatens to annex parts of the West Bank now under Israeli control?
When is the Palestine Liberation Organization Central Council discussing in Gaza?
What does the United Nations Human Rights Commission Tuesday in Geneva call for?
What does Netanyahu oppose?
Where is the Palestine Liberation Organization Central Council discussing whether to declare statehood on May 4?
What did Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu say that Israel could not accept?
What did he say?
Who said?
Who pointed out?
When did Netanyahu talk to reporters before meeting with foreign diplomats here on Wednesday?
Who did many states urge palestinian leader Yasser Arafat to hold off the unilateral move on May 4 to avert being exploited by in the coming elections?
When was JERUSALEM?
How many Jewish settlers live among 130,000 Palestinians?
Where did Fatah movement also organize a large-scale demonstration Tuesday morning?
Who said, ``the Palestinians and Israel are prepared for any eventualities''?
What is the Democratic Front for the Liberation of Palestine?
What is another Palestinian political faction?
What did the Israeli soliders respond with?
What urged palestinian leader Yasser Arafat to hold off the unilateral move on May 4 to avert being exploited by hard-line Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu in the coming elections?
What do the Palestinians believe have the right to declare an independent state on the day?
What had palestinian leader Yasser Arafat visited to rally support for his statehood proclamation?
What is scheduled to hold a demonstration Tuesday afternoon in Ramallah to demand the Palestinian leadership let the Palestinian people exercise their sovereignty on the Palestinian land?
What has palestinian leadership delayed over statehood declaration until after the May 17 Israeli elections to avoid squandering international good-will?
What remains out of reach by Tuesday?
What marched from the Hebron University to the ``border line'' between H1 and H2?
What did many states urge palestinian leader Yasser Arafat to hold off the unilateral move on May 4 to avert being exploited by hard-line Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu in?
What did palestinian security police say JERUSALEM were injured in clashes with Israeli soldiers Tuesday at?
Where are about 500 Jewish settlers's settlements located?
When does a permanent peace accord remain out of reach?
What did Fatah movement urge the palestinian leadership to declare?
What did many states urge palestinian leader Yasser Arafat to hold off to avert being exploited by hard-line Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu in the coming elections?
What did thousands of Palestinian demonstrators march from to the ``border line'' between H1 and H2?
Who told Xinhua that everything could happen in the territories today or tomorrow because the Palestinians do not have their independent state in the territories on the historic date?
Who said, ``We are ordered to maintain order in the territories since Monday night''?
What has palestinian leadership delayed decision over statehood declaration until after the May 17 Israeli elections to avoid squandering?
What did palestinian security police say were injured in clashes with Israeli soldiers Tuesday at Bitonia checkpoint near the West Bank city of Ramallah?
Who did many states urge him to hold off the unilateral move on May 4 to avert being exploited by in the coming elections?
What said the clashes erupted when the Palestinian students threw stones at the Israeli soliders?
Who believe they have the right to declare an independent state on the day?
What did many states urge him to hold off the unilateral move on May 4 to avert being exploited by hard-line Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu in?
What has delayed decision over statehood declaration until after the May 17 Israeli elections to avoid squandering international good-will?
When did palestinian security police say JERUSALEM were injured in clashes with Israeli soldiers at Bitonia checkpoint near the West Bank city of Ramallah?
What did Fatah movement also organize a large-scale demonstration in Tuesday morning?
Where did a senior Palestinian police officer tell Xinhua?
What is scheduled to hold a demonstration Tuesday afternoon in Ramallah to demand the Palestinian leadership let the Palestinian people get rid of the Oslo accords?
What did Fatah movement urge to declare an independent state?
What has palestinian leadership delayed decision over until after the May 17 Israeli elections to avoid squandering international good-will?
What do the Palestinians believe?
What are areas called H2?
Where did palestinian security police say JERUSALEM were injured in clashes with Israeli soldiers Tuesday?
What are areas 130,000 Palestinians's living called?
Whose living are areas called H2?
What do the Palestinians not have on the historic date?
What urged him to hold off the unilateral move on May 4 to avert being exploited by hard-line Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu in the coming elections?
What are reported so far?
Who said, ``the Palestinians and Israel are ordered to maintain order in the territories since Monday night''?
What do the Palestinians believe they have?
Who do about 500 Jewish settlers live among?
Who should a permanent peace agreement be signed between by the date?
What did the police say erupted when the Palestinian students threw stones at the Israeli soliders?
Who do not have their independent state in the territories on the historic date?
What are located in H1 area?
What does a permanent peace accord remain out of by Tuesday?
What did palestinian security police say JERUSALEM were injured in Tuesday at Bitonia checkpoint near the West Bank city of Ramallah?
Whose settlements are located in H1 area?
Who live among 130,000 Palestinians?
What had palestinian leader Yasser Arafat visited dozens of to rally support for his statehood proclamation?
Who said, ``we are prepared for any eventualities''?
What urged the palestinian leadership to declare an independent state?
Who had visited dozens of states to rally support for his statehood proclamation?
Who did many states urge to hold off the unilateral move on May 4 to avert being exploited by hard-line Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu in the coming elections?
What are about 500 Jewish settlers's settlements located in?
What had palestinian leader Yasser Arafat visited dozens of states to rally?
What should be signed between the Palestinians and Israel by the date?
What did many states urge him to hold off to avert being exploited by hard-line Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu in the coming elections?
Who responded with fired rubber-coated bullets?
When do the Palestinians not have their independent state in the territories?
Who do the Palestinians believe have the right to declare an independent state on the day?
What also organized a large-scale demonstration in the West Bank town of Hebron Tuesday morning?
What did a senior Palestinian police officer tell Xinhua in?
What are 130,000 Palestinians's living called H2?
What said JERUSALEM were injured in clashes with Israeli soldiers Tuesday at Bitonia checkpoint near the West Bank city of Ramallah?
What did thousands of Palestinian demonstrators march from the Hebron University to?
When should a permanent peace agreement be signed between the Palestinians and Israel?
What was May 4-- At least three Palestinian students?
What is to organize a demonstration Tuesday afternoon in Gaza to voice its support for the declaration of the statehood?
What did EILAT negotiators open on Sunday?
What were the third intensive one?
What do the two sides have to reach by September 13,2000 under the Sharm El Sheikh peace deal signed last September in Egypt?
What is Jerusalem the borders of?
What has to transfer the remaining West Bank territories except some military zones and Jewish settlements to the Palestinians under the Oslo accords?
What has suggested the two sides reach the framework agreement in May this year?
When was EILAT?
Who headed their respective negotiating teams to the talks with the involvement of the United States?
How many rounds of intensive talks have the two sides already held since March 21 with the involvement of the United States at Bolling Air Base near Washington?
What was April 30?
What was made?
What does Israel have to transfer the remaining West Bank territories except some military zones and Jewish settlements to the Palestinians under?
What have the two sides already held two rounds of intensive talks since March 21 with?
What has Israel already handed over about to the Palestinians?
When have the two sides already held two rounds of intensive talks with the involvement of the United States at Bolling Air Base near Washington?
What did EILAT negotiators open another round of on Sunday?
How many sides have already held two rounds of intensive talks since March 21 with the involvement of the United States at Bolling Air Base near Washington?
How many sides also have to decide on the last Israeli troop redeployment in the West Bank under the Oslo accords signed in 1993?
What is the United States?
What will last till May 12?
Who is scheduled to join next Tuesday the current talks?
What also have to decide on the last Israeli troop redeployment in the West Bank under the Oslo accords signed in 1993?
Who opened another round of final-status talks in Israel's southern Red Sea resort city of Eilat on Sunday?
What did israeli chief negotiator Oded Eran and his Palestinian counterpart Yasser Abed Abbo head their respective negotiating teams to the talks with?
What have already held two rounds of intensive talks since March 21 with the involvement of the United States at Bolling Air Base near Washington?
What do the two sides have to reach a framework agreement on final- status by February 15 and a final-status peace accord by September 13,2000 under?
What were the talks?
When has Israel suggested the two sides reach the framework agreement this year?
What is the borders of the Palestinian entity?
What has already handed over about 43 percent of the West Bank to the Palestinians?
What did israeli chief negotiator Oded Eran and his Palestinian counterpart Yasser Abed Abbo head their respective negotiating teams to with the involvement of the United States?
How many sides has Israel suggested reach the framework agreement in May this year?
What does Israel have to transfer under the Oslo accords?
When will the current talks last?
What did israeli chief negotiator Oded Eran and his Palestinian counterpart Yasser Abed Abbo head to the talks with the involvement of the United States?
What have the two sides already held since March 21 with the involvement of the United States at Bolling Air Base near Washington?
Who has Israel already handed over about 43 percent of the West Bank to?
What have the two sides already held two rounds of since March 21 with the involvement of the United States at Bolling Air Base near Washington?
When did EILAT negotiators open another round of final-status talks in Israel's southern Red Sea resort city of Eilat?
What is Jerusalem?
What has Israel suggested reach the framework agreement in May this year?
What is the United States at Bolling Air Base near Washington?
What do the two sides also have to decide on under the Oslo accords signed in 1993?
What do the two sides also have to decide on the last Israeli troop redeployment in the West Bank under?
Who told the radio that the United States had echoed the Israeli request for such a delay?
What did Erekat say the scheduled Israeli withdrawal was a main issue in last week in Washington?
What did palestinian chief negotiator on interim affairs tell the radio that the United States had echoed?
What should transfer all remaining West Bank territories to Palestinian control during the third redeployment under the Oslo accords?
Who noted that what the Palestinians want is an assurance from the U. S. that the Israeli third withdrawal from the West Bank would be carried out?
What should Israel transfer all remaining West Bank territories to Palestinian control during under the Oslo accords?
Where did Erekat say the scheduled Israeli withdrawal was a main issue in Palestinian leader Yasser Arafat's talks with U. S. President Bill Clinton last week?
What should Israel transfer all remaining West Bank territories to Palestinian control during the third redeployment under?
What did palestinian chief negotiator on interim affairs tell that the United States had echoed the Israeli request for such a delay?
Who was palestinian chief negotiator on interim affairs?
What reported Tuesday?
What should Israel transfer during the third redeployment under the Oslo accords?
Who want?
Who said the scheduled Israeli withdrawal was a main issue in Palestinian leader Yasser Arafat's talks with U. S. President Bill Clinton last week in Washington?
What was the West Bank Voice of?
What did Erekat note?
What has Israel so far handed over full or partial control of to the Palestinians?
What was the West Bank outlined in?
What so far has handed over full or partial control of about 40 percent of the West Bank to the Palestinians?
What did palestinian chief negotiator on interim affairs tell the radio?
What has Israel so far handed over to the Palestinians?
When was GAZA?
What is still unclear how many of the West Bank territories would be included in the third withdrawal?
What was June 20?
What was outlined in the Oslo accords signed by the two sides in 1993?
What did Erekat note that what the Palestinians want is?
What had Israel threatened on?
What was Voice of Palestine radio?
What did Erekat say the scheduled Israeli withdrawal was a main issue in Palestinian leader Yasser Arafat's talks with U. S. President Bill Clinton last week in?
Who was Saeb Erekat?
Who has Israel so far handed over full or partial control of about 40 percent of the West Bank to?
What was the West Bank?
When did GAZA report?
Whose talks with U. S. President Bill Clinton did Erekat say the scheduled Israeli withdrawal was a main issue in last week in Washington?
What did Erekat say was a main issue in Palestinian leader Yasser Arafat's talks with U. S. President Bill Clinton last week in Washington?
What was July 11-- Israeli Justice Minister Yossi Beilin?
What will the crucial summit try to reach a framework agreement on?
Who was Beilin one of?
What did Israeli Justice Minister Yossi Beilin add that the agreement could not be reached without compromises from?
What did JERUSALEM express optimism here Tuesday that the three-way Camp David summit could achieve?
What did he add without?
Where did Barak, Arafat and United States President Bill Clinton gather near Washington Tuesday for the crucial summit?
What did JERUSALEM express optimism here Tuesday?
When was JERUSALEM?
What did Barak, Arafat and United States President Bill Clinton gather at Camp David near Washington Tuesday for?
Who gathered at Camp David near Washington Tuesday for the crucial summit?
What did Barak, Arafat and United States President Bill Clinton gather at Camp David near Washington for the crucial summit?
Who added that the agreement could not be reached without compromises from both sides?
What did Israeli Justice Minister Yossi Beilin add without?
What did Barak, Arafat and United States President Bill Clinton gather at Camp David near Tuesday for the crucial summit?
What did Israeli Justice Minister Yossi Beilin add that the agreement could not be reached without from both sides?
Who was Beilin?
What expressed optimism here Tuesday that agreement could be reached?
What will the crucial summit try to reach on the key issues of Jerusalem, borders, Palestinian refugees, Jewish settlements and water?
What did he add that the agreement could not be reached without from both sides?
What did he add that the agreement could not be reached without compromises from?
What did Barak, Arafat and United States President Bill Clinton gather at near Washington Tuesday for the crucial summit?
What expressed optimism here Tuesday that the three-way Camp David summit could achieve positive results?
What will try to reach a framework agreement on the key issues of Jerusalem, borders, Palestinian refugees, Jewish settlements and water?
Who said?
