What did Mrs. Shepard say at a news conference in Washington ``can help change the climate in this country?''
What did defense attorney Wyatt Skaggs also warn jurors they would be seeing during the trial?
What did Mrs. Shepard say at a news conference in Washington ``They can help change?''
Whose friend did Jim Osborn remain?
Who was Matt?
What did Jim Osborn stop by on his way to work?
Who was asked about having to endure the trials of the two murder suspects?
What can bring Matt back?
Who occasionally looked at the pool of possible jurors seated in the courtroom's spectator section?
Who said police have set up fences to keep news reporters and demonstrators at bay?
Who shifted the blame for the killing to Henderson's co-defendant during his comments to potential jurors?
What cannothing bring back?
Who was to be tried later?
Whose co-defendant did defense attorney Wyatt Skaggs shift the blame for the killing to during a prosecutor's comments to potential jurors?
Who was 21?
Who remained Matthew Shepard's friend?
What did City spokesman Randy Vickers say police have set up fences to keep news reporters and demonstrators at?
Who was Aaron McKinney?
Who was Judy?
What did defense attorney Wyatt Skaggs shift the blame for the killing to Henderson's co-defendant during?
Who showed little emotion?
What have been installed at one door?
Who asked Congress and state legislatures to enact bias crime laws to deter future acts of violence on Tuesday?
Whose statements came as the trial of Russell Henderson began in Albany County District Court?
When was Shepard not found?
What is expected to last five weeks?
What was one woman dismissed for?
Who was in the last row of the courtroom?
What did Mrs. Shepard say only?
Who said this?
Whose mother looked down?
What did Mrs. Shepard say at ``there can help change the climate in this country?''
Who did Jim Osborn attend grade school with?
Who declined to discuss the trial?
What did police step up patrols today outside because anti-gay protesters and gay rights advocates have clashed repeatedly over the case?
What did Shepard's mother ask Congress and state legislatures to enact bias crime laws to deter on Tuesday?
What did Mrs. Shepard decline to discuss?
What did defense attorney Wyatt Skaggs also warn jurors would be seeing ``really, really graphic'' photos during the trial?
What did City spokesman Randy Vickers say at?
Who said at a news conference in Washington ``there can help change the climate in this country?''
What have anti-gay protesters and gay rights advocates clashed repeatedly over?
Who attended grade school with Shepard?
Whose mother was Judy?
Who remained his friend?
What was Shepard?
Who was Henderson's co-defendant?
What did Shepard die five days later at?
What were scheduled for April 6?
Who said, ``It's going to be very difficult?''
What did defense attorney Wyatt Skaggs say?
What did Jim Osborn stop by on Matthew Shepard's way to work?
What had 10 prospective jurors been dismissed for by the lunch break?
Who said, ``Russell Henderson was a witness to the beating of Matthew Shepard''?
Who stopped by the courthouse on his way to work?
Who had been dismissed for various reasons by the lunch break?
Who died five days later at a hospital?
Who did Mrs. Shepard say at a news conference in Washington ``can help change the climate in this country?''
Whose co-defendant did defense attorney Wyatt Skaggs shift the blame for the killing to during his comments to potential jurors?
Who did defense attorney Wyatt Skaggs shift the blame for the killing to during a prosecutor's comments to potential jurors?
What was Washington?
Whose mother asked Congress and state legislatures to enact bias crime laws to deter future acts of violence on Tuesday?
Whose way to work did Jim Osborn stop by the courthouse on?
Who cannothing bring back?
What did defense attorney Wyatt Skaggs also warn jurors they would be seeing ``really, really graphic'' photos during?
What did Henderson occasionally look at?
Who said only that she and her husband ``want to allow justice to run its course''?
Who did City spokesman Randy Vickers say police have set up fences to keep at bay?
Who shifted the blame for the killing to Henderson's co-defendant during a prosecutor's comments to potential jurors?
What was not just a gay man?
What did Shepard's mother ask Congress and state legislatures to enact bias crime laws to deter future acts of on Tuesday?
What did he say?
What did Mrs. Shepard say at a news conference in Washington ``?''
What can bring him back?
Who was Matt not just?
What did he also warn jurors would be seeing ``really, really graphic'' photos during the trial?
What did he also warn jurors they would be seeing during the trial?
How many metal detectors have been installed at one door?
What did City spokesman Randy Vickers say to?
Who said, ``nothing's going to be very difficult?''
Who was a political science major at the University of Wyoming?
Who said at a news conference in Washington ``They can help change the climate in this country?''
What do some people feel with?
What did City spokesman Randy Vickers say have set up fences to keep news reporters and demonstrators at bay?
What did defense attorney Wyatt Skaggs also warn jurors during?
What did the trial of Russell Henderson begin in?
Who looked down?
What did Mrs. Shepard say at a news conference in Washington ``there can help change?''
What were empty?
What did Shepard's mother ask Congress and state legislatures to enact to deter future acts of violence on Tuesday?
Whose mother was in the last row of the courtroom?
Who was Matthew Shepard's mother?
What feel a news conference in Washington, D. C. is okay to target specific groups of people and get away with it at the country?
What was a person?
What do some people feel is okay to target specific groups of people and get away with it at the country?
Who was not found for hours?
Whose co-defendant was Aaron McKinney?
When did Shepard's mother ask Congress and state legislatures to enact bias crime laws to deter future acts of violence?
What did City spokesman Randy Vickers say police have set up to keep news reporters and demonstrators at bay?
Who have clashed repeatedly over the case?
What did Shepard's mother ask to enact bias crime laws to deter future acts of violence on Tuesday?
What did City spokesman Randy Vickers say has been limited to one door?
Who did defense attorney Wyatt Skaggs also warn they would be seeing ``really, really graphic'' photos during the trial?
Who did he also warn jurors would be seeing ``really, really graphic'' photos during the trial?
What did Mrs. Shepard say at ``They can help change the climate in this country?''
What feel it is okay to target specific groups of people and get away with it at the country?
What did defense attorney Wyatt Skaggs shift to Henderson's co-defendant during a prosecutor's comments to potential jurors?
What stepped up patrols today outside the courthouse because anti-gay protesters and gay rights advocates have clashed repeatedly over the case?
What had 10 prospective jurors been dismissed for various reasons by?
What began in Albany County District Court?
What did Jim Osborn attend with Shepard?
Whose comments to potential jurors did defense attorney Wyatt Skaggs shift the blame for the killing to Henderson's co-defendant during?
Who did he also warn they would be seeing ``really, really graphic'' photos during the trial?
What did-- A prosecutor ask 71 prospective jurors today to set aside if chosen for the trial in the death of gay college student Matthew Shepard?
Who was he not just?
What did he also warn jurors during?
Who stopped by the courthouse on Matthew Shepard's way to work?
Who did Jim Osborn remain?
What did Henderson show?
Who both face the death penalty if convicted in a case that has become a central focus for gay rights activists and others seeking stronger bias crime legislation?
What came as the trial of Russell Henderson began in Albany County District Court?
Who said access to the courthouse has been limited to one door?
Who was dismissed for child care reasons?
Who also warned jurors they would be seeing ``really, really graphic'' photos during the trial?
What was Matthew Shepard's mother in?
How many prospective jurors had been dismissed for various reasons by the lunch break?
What was Henderson?
What have two metal detectors been installed at?
Who was not just a gay man?
What did he also warn jurors they would be seeing ``really, really graphic'' photos during?
What was D. C.?
What did City spokesman Randy Vickers say access to the courthouse has been limited to?
Who did defense attorney Wyatt Skaggs also warn jurors would be seeing ``really, really graphic'' photos during the trial?
What did defense attorney Wyatt Skaggs shift to Henderson's co-defendant during his comments to potential jurors?
Who did defense attorney Wyatt Skaggs shift the blame for the killing to during his comments to potential jurors?
What did Jim Osborn stop by the courthouse on?
When were opening statements scheduled?
Who admitted tying Shepard to a fence?
How many life sentences did Russell Henderson receive?
Who has pleaded guilty to murder and kidnapping in the death of Shepard in October?
What did Russell Henderson say McKinney struck him in?
What did Henderson admit tying him to?
What did he say McKinney struck him in?
What did Voigt's ruling stem from?
What was the very real danger that counsel's playing to the media has already gravely injured, or at least made much more difficult?
Who said he tried to intervene to prevent McKinney from inflicting a more severe beating?
Who did McKinney's attorney tell reporters fabricated the story to save himself from the death penalty?
Who admitted tying him to a fence?
What did Henderson admit driving Shepard to?
Whose ruling stemmed from a dispute between lawyers representing Aaron McKinney and Russell Henderson?
Who was McKinney's attorney?
Who did Russell Henderson say McKinney struck in the face?
Whose attorney was Dion Custis?
What was the prospect of seating a jury in this case?
Who did Henderson say he tried to intervene to prevent from inflicting a more severe beating?
What did McKinney's attorney tell reporters Henderson fabricated to save himself from the death penalty?
Whose right to a fair trial does a judge say lawyers involved in the Matthew Shepard murder trial ``gravely injured''?
Who did Henderson admit tying to a fence?
Who did Russell Henderson say struck him in the face?
Who did Henderson say tried to intervene to prevent McKinney from inflicting a more severe beating?
What did Henderson admit tying Shepard to?
When has Henderson pleaded guilty to murder and kidnapping in the death of Shepard?
Who is a University of Wyoming student?
Who is Shepard?
Where did Henderson admit driving Shepard?
Who told reporters Henderson fabricated the story to save himself from the death penalty?
What does a judge say lawyers involved in the Matthew Shepard murder trial ``gravely injured''?
Who admitted driving Shepard to a remote area?
Whose right to a fair trial does a judge say they ``gravely injured''?
What does a judge say they ``gravely injured''?
Who-- has issued a gag order for lawyers involved in the Matthew Shepard murder trial?
What does Henderson's public defender Wyatt skaggs?
Who received two life sentences?
Who says they ``gravely injured'' the defendant's right to a fair trial?
Who did Henderson admit driving to a remote area?
What did Henderson say?
Who did he say struck him in the face?
What Wyatt Skaggs then publicized copies of allegedly incriminating letters supposedly written by McKinney, drawing another round of criticism from Custis?
Who did he say McKinney struck in the face?
When did Russell Henderson receive?
What has-- A judge issued?
Who was Dion Custis?
Who says lawyers involved in the Matthew Shepard murder trial ``gravely injured'' the defendant's right to a fair trial?
What did McKinney's attorney tell reporters from?
Who has yet to be tried?
What did McKinney's attorney tell reporters Henderson fabricated the story to save himself from?
Who said McKinney struck him in the face?
Who did McKinney's attorney tell reporters Henderson fabricated the story to save from the death penalty?
How many life sentences did he receive?
What is Shepard a University of student?
Who did McKinney's attorney tell Henderson fabricated the story to save himself from the death penalty?
What did Russell Henderson say in?
When did he receive?
What has Henderson pleaded guilty to in October?
What did he say in?
What stemmed from a dispute between lawyers representing Aaron McKinney and Russell Henderson?
Whose attorney told reporters Henderson fabricated the story to save himself from the death penalty?
Who was the gay college student who was fatally beaten and tied to a post a year ago?
Whose trial begins amid several memorials commemorating the one-year anniversary of his death?
When did he die?
What did the other suspect plead guilty in April to?
When was Shepard lured from a bar driven to a remote prairie?
What did the Rev. Roger Schmit tell on the University of Wyoming campus, ``We on this campus are people of peace''?
How many life sentences did the other suspect receive?
Whose trial begins amid several memorials commemorating the one-year anniversary of Matthew Shepard's death?
What was tied to a fence?
What begins amid several memorials commemorating the one-year anniversary of Matthew Shepard's death?
Who was the other suspect?
Who was 21?
Who pleaded guilty in April to felony murder and kidnapping?
Who is the slaying?
What was left to die on the freezing plains?
When did-- About 600 people gather for a candelight vigil honoring Matthew Shepard?
Who was Matthew Shepard?
What is Aaron McKinney?
Who told people on the University of Wyoming campus, ``We on this campus are people of peace''?
Who was peace of?
Who was lured from a bar Oct. 7 driven to a remote prairie?
How many people-- gathered Sunday night for a candelight vigil honoring Matthew Shepard?
What was Russell Henderson?
What was pistol-whipped into unconsciousness?
What did the Rev. Roger Schmit tell people on, ``We on this campus are people of peace''?
Who died on Oct. 12,1998?
Who goes on trial Monday on charges of first-degree murder, kidnapping and aggravated robbery?
Who received two life sentences?
What was of inclusiveness?
What was Shepard lured from Oct. 7 driven to a remote prairie?
What was the remote prairie tied to?
What did-- About 600 people gather Sunday night for?
Where did the Rev. Roger Schmit tell people, ``We on this campus are people of peace''?
What was the Rev. Roger Schmit of?
What was Shepard?
What begins amid several memorials commemorating the one-year anniversary of his death?
Who was 22?
What was in Laramie and in Wyoming?
What does one of two men accused in the slaying go on?
When did Matthew Shepard die?
What-- gathered Sunday night for a candelight vigil honoring Matthew Shepard?
When did the other suspect receive?
What does McKinney's trial begin amid?
What was the remote prairie pistol-whipped into?
When did the other suspect plead guilty to felony murder and kidnapping?
What is one of two men accused in the slaying?
Who is 22?
Who was of St. Paul's Newman Center?
Who was Russell Henderson?
Who was Shepard's mother?
Who made a pass at him?
Who did Shepard make a pass at?
What did McKinney believe?
Who was 21?
What did Jason Tangeman say in no manslaughter victim deserved to die?
What was Judy dabbed?
Who did the plea allow to avoid the death penalty?
What was his hands tied to the bottom of a post?
What did Prosecutor Cal Rerucha say will not deal with Shepard's gay lifestyle?
What was Shepard taken to where he died five days later?
Who said it appeared Shepard had been crying?
Who did McKinney believe was gay?
Who did Jason Tangeman say in opening statements deserved to die?
What was Russell Henderson?
What did Tangeman say in, McKinney was forced into an oral sex act with a neighborhood bully?
Who did Fluty say it appeared had been crying?
Who said in one case, McKinney was forced into an oral sex act with a neighborhood bully?
Who described efforts to free Shepard from the pine log fence?
Who was the ride home?
Who did Tangeman say in one case, McKinney was forced into an oral sex act with?
What did Shepard make at him?
When did the trial of the other man accused of the slaying that shocked the nation end just before a jury was seated?
Whose gay lifestyle did Prosecutor Cal Rerucha say his case against McKinney will not deal with?
What was drug-induced rage?
Who pleaded guilty to felony murder and kidnapping?
Who said in opening statements no manslaughter victim deserved to die?
Who said the plea appeared Shepard had been crying?
Who could be sentenced to die if convicted?
Who said McKinney and Henderson drove Shepard to a remote area of $20, lashed him to the fence and began pistol-whipping him?
What did Tangeman say by?
What was Henderson sentenced to?
What was the pine log fence?
Who did Tangeman say in one case, was forced into an oral sex act with a neighborhood bully?
What did Fluty say it appeared?
Who told jurors the roofer's judgment that night was affected by alcohol, methamphetamines and ``some sexually traumatic and confusing events in his life''?
What was seated?
Who did Fluty say the plea appeared had been crying?
What was Shepard?
What was Prosecutor Cal Rerucha's hands tied to the bottom of a post?
Who did Tangeman tell the roofer's judgment that night was affected by alcohol, methamphetamines and ``some sexually traumatic and confusing events in his life''?
What did Tangeman say McKinney was confused by?
Who bowed his head?
What did Fluty say?
What did Kreifels and Dolan describe?
Who was dabbed Gay college student Matthew Shepard's eyes when prosecutors showed jurors graphic photos of the young man's badly beaten face, and McKinney's father?
Whose gay lifestyle did Prosecutor Cal Rerucha say with?
What did Fluty say appeared Shepard had been crying?
What was suffering and death of Matthew Shepard?
Who contended Shepard, McKinney and Henderson met in a Laramie bar about a year ago because McKinney believed Shepard was gay?
Whose trial was a jury of 10 men and six women seated in on charges of first-degree murder, kidnapping and robbery?
Whose mother bowed his head?
What ended in April just before a jury was seated?
What was a jury of 10 men and six women seated in McKinney's trial on?
What was McKinney?
Who did Rerucha say drove Shepard to a remote area of $20, lashed him to the fence and began pistol-whipping him?
Who was Shepard studying human rights at the University of Wyoming?
What did Shepard's mother bow?
Who did McKinney's attorney say Monday as his trial began-- was pummeled to death by Aaron McKinney in a drunken after Shepard made a pass at him?
What did Tangeman contend Shepard, McKinney and Henderson met in a Laramie bar about a year ago because McKinney believed?
Who was dabbed her eyes when prosecutors showed jurors graphic photos of the young man's badly beaten face, and McKinney's father?
Who was a freshman studying human rights at the University of Wyoming?
What did Tangeman contend Shepard, McKinney and Henderson met in a Laramie bar about because McKinney believed Shepard was gay?
What did Rerucha say to?
What no's ridiculous?
Who was Judy William?
What allowed Henderson to avoid the death penalty?
What did Tangeman contend Shepard, McKinney and Henderson met in about a year ago because McKinney believed Shepard was gay?
Whose eyes when prosecutors showed jurors graphic photos of the young man's badly beaten face, and McKinney's father was Judy dabbed?
What did Henderson plead guilty to?
What was him?
What did Tangeman tell jurors the roofer's judgment that night was affected by?
Whose hands tied to the bottom of a post was the pine log fence?
Who did Tangeman say was confused by three homosexual encounters that occurred when he was 7,15 and 20?
Who barely glanced up?
Who believed Shepard was gay?
What did Prosecutor Cal Rerucha say with?
What were made after a jury of 10 men and six women was seated in McKinney's trial on charges of first-degree murder, kidnapping and robbery?
What did Prosecutor Cal Rerucha say his case against McKinney will not deal with?
What began?
What did Tangeman say in one case, McKinney was forced into with a neighborhood bully?
Whose trial began?
Who was Aaron James McKinney?
Who was 22?
What did Shepard make at Aaron McKinney?
What was the drunken?
Where did Rerucha say?
Who was the defendant?
What did the plea allow Henderson to avoid?
What was the pain?
Who did Tangeman contend met in a Laramie bar about a year ago because McKinney believed Shepard was gay?
What was a jury of 10 men and six women seated in on charges of first-degree murder, kidnapping and robbery?
What was Aaron McKinney?
Who made a pass at Aaron McKinney?
Who was the pain suffering and death of?
Who was taken to a hospital where he died five days later?
What did Fluty say the plea appeared?
Who was sentenced to life in prison?
Who said his case against McKinney will not deal with Shepard's gay lifestyle?
Who was the trial of the other man accused of the slaying that shocked the nation?
Whose mother was Judy William?
What was seated in McKinney's trial on charges of first-degree murder, kidnapping and robbery?
Who said McKinney was confused by three homosexual encounters that occurred when he was 7,15 and 20?
Who faces the death penalty?
Who was Shepard's mother?
Whose injuries did they view graphic photos of?
What was the 21-year-old University of Wyoming freshman driven to?
What did Patrick Allen say, ``Matthew Shepard died as a result of the blunt trauma injuries to''?
Who said, ``Matthew Shepard made a frail attempt to fight back''?
What was left overnight in near-freezing temperatures?
What did defense attorney Jason Tangeman tell jurors McKinney's judgment that night was affected by?
What does McKinney face?
What have Defense attorneys said?
What did jurors see as he fought his attackers on Monday?
Who dabbed her eyes when prosecutors showed jurors the graphic photos while McKinney's father bowed his head?
What did Defense attorneys counter from?
What have Defense attorneys said McKinney was?
What entered a second day in the Albany County Courthouse?
Who was coroner for Colorado's Larimer County?
Who was Judy?
Who did the plea allow to avoid the death penalty?
What did Tangeman say McKinney was confused by when he was younger?
What was his hands tied to the bottom of a post?
Who asked McKinney for a ride home?
What was Shepard taken to where he died five days later?
Who have said McKinney was guilty of manslaughter?
Who said it appeared Shepard had been crying?
Who testified today?
What did Tangeman say in, McKinney was forced into an oral sex act with a neighborhood bully?
What was Russell Henderson?
Who did the defense portray as the victim of sexual abuse who lashed out when approached for a gay encounter?
Who said in one case, McKinney was forced into an oral sex act with a neighborhood bully?
Who did Fluty say it appeared had been crying?
Who countered that McKinney did not intend to kill Shepard when he and a friend accompanied Shepard from a Laramie bar after he asked McKinney for a ride home?
Who was Patrick Allen?
Who did Tangeman say in one case, McKinney was forced into an oral sex act with?
Where did the trial of Aaron McKinney enter a second day?
Who died at Colorado's Larimer County?
When did the trial of the other man accused of the slaying that shocked the nation end just before a jury was seated?
What did a friend ask McKinney for?
Who pleaded guilty to felony murder and kidnapping?
Who did Tangeman say was confused by homosexual encounters when he was younger?
What did he ask McKinney for?
Who said McKinney was confused by homosexual encounters when he was younger?
Who said the plea appeared Shepard had been crying?
What did Tangeman say by?
What was Henderson sentenced to?
What did McKinney's father bow?
What was the trial of Aaron McKinney's hands tied to the bottom of a post?
What did Shepard die at?
Who did Tangeman say in one case, was forced into an oral sex act with a neighborhood bully?
What did Fluty say it appeared?
What is Patrick Allen accused of?
Whose judgment have Defense attorneys argued by?
Who did the victim of sexual abuse who lashed out when approached for a gay encounter say deserved to die?
What was seated?
Whose mother was Judy?
What have Defense attorneys argued by?
What is he accused of?
Who did he fight?
Who did Fluty say the plea appeared had been crying?
What did they view graphic photos of?
Who was driven to a remote area?
Who bowed his head?
What did the trial of Aaron McKinney enter a second day in?
Whose father was William?
Who did Matthew Shepard fight?
What did Fluty say?
What did Kreifels and Dolan describe?
Who have argued that Aaron McKinney's judgment was affected by drugs, alcohol and childhood memories of sexual abuse?
Whose injuries did some jurors view graphic photos of?
Who told jurors McKinney's judgment that night was affected by alcohol, methamphetamines and ``some sexually traumatic and confusing events in his life''?
What did some jurors view graphic photos of?
Who is accused of kidnapping, robbery and first-degree murder?
What portrayed McKinney as the victim of sexual abuse who lashed out when approached for a gay encounter?
What was pistol-whipped?
What did Fluty say appeared Shepard had been crying?
Who winced as they viewed graphic photos of the homosexual college student's injuries?
Who did the defense portray McKinney as?
When did a coroner testify?
What did Shepard's mother dab when prosecutors showed jurors the graphic photos while McKinney's father bowed his head?
What ended in April just before a jury was seated?
What was McKinney?
Who have Defense attorneys said was guilty of manslaughter?
When did the trial of Aaron McKinney enter in the Albany County Courthouse?
Whose mother dabbed her eyes when prosecutors showed jurors the graphic photos while McKinney's father bowed his head?
What have Defense attorneys argued that his judgment was affected by?
Who testified as the trial of Aaron McKinney entered a second day in the Albany County Courthouse?
Who have argued that his judgment was affected by drugs, alcohol and childhood memories of sexual abuse?
What no's ridiculous?
Who viewed graphic photos of the homosexual college student's injuries?
What have Defense attorneys said McKinney was guilty of?
Where did Shepard die?
Who was McKinney's father?
Who said, ``Matthew Shepard died as a result of the blunt trauma injuries he sustained to his head and face''?
What allowed Henderson to avoid the death penalty?
Whose father bowed his head?
What did Henderson plead guilty to?
What did some jurors view?
Who did he say deserved to die?
What has McKinney been charged with?
What was the remote area left overnight in?
Who barely glanced up?
Who did a friend ask for a ride home?
What did Tangeman say in one case, McKinney was forced into with a neighborhood bully?
What have Defense attorneys argued that Aaron McKinney's judgment was affected by?
Who was 22?
What was the fence?
Who described efforts to free Shepard from the fence?
What did they view?
What did the plea allow Henderson to avoid?
What viewed graphic photos of the homosexual college student's injuries?
Who said no manslaughter victim deserved to die?
Who was taken to a hospital where he died five days later?
Who has been charged with first-degree murder, kidnapping and robbery?
Who was William?
What did Fluty say the plea appeared?
Who did he ask for a ride home?
Who was sentenced to life in prison?
Who told jurors McKinney's judgment that night was affected by alcohol, methamphetamines and ``some sexually traumatic and confusing events in Aaron McKinney's life''?
Who was the trial of the other man accused of the slaying that shocked the nation?
Whose hands tied to the bottom of a post was the fence?
Who fought his attackers?
Where was the 21-year-old University of Wyoming freshman driven?
Who faces the death penalty?
Who was Shepard's mother?
What was Russell Henderson's hands tied to the bottom of a post?
What was the 21-year-old University of Wyoming freshman driven to?
Who said, ``Matthew Shepard made a frail attempt to fight back''?
Who-- saw photographs of Matthew Shepard's bloody face as prosecutors began presenting their case against Aaron McKinney?
What was left overnight in near-freezing temperatures?
What did defense attorney Jason Tangeman tell jurors McKinney's judgment that night was affected by?
What does McKinney face?
Who dabbed her eyes when prosecutors showed jurors the graphic photos while McKinney's father bowed his head?
What did Defense attorneys counter from?
Who was Judy?
Who did the plea allow to avoid the death penalty?
What did Tangeman say McKinney was confused by when he was younger?
What was his hands tied to the bottom of a post?
Who asked McKinney for a ride home?
What was Shepard taken to where he died five days later?
Who said it appeared Shepard had been crying?
What did Tangeman say in, McKinney was forced into an oral sex act with a neighborhood bully?
What was Russell Henderson?
Who did the defense portray as the victim of sexual abuse who lashed out when approached for a gay encounter?
Who said in one case, McKinney was forced into an oral sex act with a neighborhood bully?
Who did Fluty say it appeared had been crying?
Who countered that McKinney did not intend to kill Shepard when he and a friend accompanied Shepard from a Laramie bar after he asked McKinney for a ride home?
Who did Tangeman say in one case, McKinney was forced into an oral sex act with?
When did the trial of the other man accused of the slaying that shocked the nation end just before a jury was seated?
What did a friend ask McKinney for?
What was drug-induced rage?
Who pleaded guilty to felony murder and kidnapping?
Who did Tangeman say was confused by homosexual encounters when he was younger?
What did he ask McKinney for?
Who said McKinney was confused by homosexual encounters when he was younger?
Who said the plea appeared Shepard had been crying?
What did Tangeman say by?
What was Henderson sentenced to?
What did McKinney's father bow?
Who did Tangeman say in one case, was forced into an oral sex act with a neighborhood bully?
What did Fluty say it appeared?
Who did the victim of sexual abuse who lashed out when approached for a gay encounter say deserved to die?
What was seated?
Whose mother was Judy?
Who did he fight?
Who did Fluty say the plea appeared had been crying?
Who was driven to a remote area?
What did photographs of Matthew Shepard's bloody face also see as he fought his attackers?
Who bowed his head?
Who was accused of beating the gay student to death in a drunken?
Whose father was William?
Who did Matthew Shepard fight?
What did Fluty say?
What did Kreifels and Dolan describe?
What did prosecutors begin presenting?
Who told jurors McKinney's judgment that night was affected by alcohol, methamphetamines and ``some sexually traumatic and confusing events in his life''?
What portrayed McKinney as the victim of sexual abuse who lashed out when approached for a gay encounter?
What was pistol-whipped?
What did Fluty say appeared Shepard had been crying?
Who did the defense portray McKinney as?
Whose bloody face did-- Jurors see photographs of as prosecutors began presenting their case against Aaron McKinney?
What did Shepard's mother dab when prosecutors showed jurors the graphic photos while McKinney's father bowed his head?
What ended in April just before a jury was seated?
What was McKinney?
Whose mother dabbed her eyes when prosecutors showed jurors the graphic photos while McKinney's father bowed his head?
Who began presenting their case against Aaron McKinney?
What no's ridiculous?
What did-- Jurors see photographs of as prosecutors began presenting their case against Aaron McKinney?
Who was McKinney's father?
What allowed Henderson to avoid the death penalty?
Whose father bowed his head?
What did Henderson plead guilty to?
Who did he say deserved to die?
What has McKinney been charged with?
What was the remote area left overnight in?
Who barely glanced up?
Who did a friend ask for a ride home?
What did they also see as he fought his attackers?
What did Tangeman say in one case, McKinney was forced into with a neighborhood bully?
Who was 22?
What was the fence?
Who described efforts to free Shepard from the fence?
What was the drunken?
What did the plea allow Henderson to avoid?
What did-- Jurors see as prosecutors began presenting their case against Aaron McKinney?
Who said no manslaughter victim deserved to die?
Who was taken to a hospital where he died five days later?
Who has been charged with first-degree murder, kidnapping and robbery?
Who was William?
What did Fluty say the plea appeared?
Who did he ask for a ride home?
Who was sentenced to life in prison?
Who told jurors McKinney's judgment that night was affected by alcohol, methamphetamines and ``some sexually traumatic and confusing events in Aaron McKinney's life''?
Who was the trial of the other man accused of the slaying that shocked the nation?
Whose hands tied to the bottom of a post was the fence?
Who fought his attackers?
Where was the 21-year-old University of Wyoming freshman driven?
Who heard a thud?
Who said a thud was the most sickening thing Aaron McKinney ever heard in my life?
Who is convicted?
What did Morales say?
Who added he struck McKinney with a thick stick?
Who pleaded guilty to kidnapping and felony murder in April?
Who did Police say the fight helped connect McKinney to Shepard's beating?
Who testified Tuesday-- Aaron McKinney clubbed another man hours after Shepard was attacked?
What is McKinney charged with?
Who received life in prison?
Who do prosecutors say kidnapped Shepard and took him to a remote area near Laramie on Oct. 7,1998 and lashed him to a fence of $20?
What did McKinney's co-defendant receive in prison?
Who did Jeremy Herrera say was arguing with Emiliano Morales III when McKinney went to his truck, pulled out a gun and hit Morales from behind?
Who was attacked?
What did I hear?
Who did a teen-ager testify Tuesday-- clubbed another man hours after Shepard was attacked?
When did a teen-ager testify-- Aaron McKinney pulled out a gun?
When did a teen-ager testify Tuesday-- Aaron McKinney clubbed after Shepard was attacked?
What did Herrera add with?
What did Police say to?
Who did Police say the fight helped them connect to Shepard's beating?
Who did Herrera add struck McKinney with a thick stick?
What did Aaron McKinney hear?
What did Herrera say it was the most sickening thing in?
When did McKinney's co-defendant plead guilty to kidnapping and felony murder?
What did Morales say rendered a bartender unable to identify his attacker?
Who died five days later?
Who was beaten into a coma?
What did Police say the fight helped Jeremy Herrera connect McKinney to?
What was Shepard beaten into?
Who was accused of the fatal beating of gay college student Matthew Shepard?
What did Morales say rendered him unable to identify his attacker?
When did jurors hear from the coroner who examined Shepard's body, a bartender and Morales?
What did Herrera add Aaron McKinney struck McKinney with?
Who said McKinney was arguing with Emiliano Morales III when McKinney went to his truck, pulled out a gun and hit Morales from behind?
Whose co-defendant pleaded guilty to kidnapping and felony murder in April?
What did Herrera say was the most sickening thing Aaron McKinney ever heard in my life?
Who said the beating rendered a bartender unable to identify his attacker?
What did Police say helped them connect McKinney to Shepard's beating?
What did McKinney's co-defendant plead guilty to in April?
Who testified Tuesday-- Aaron McKinney pulled out a gun?
What do prosecutors say to?
Who did Herrera say a thud was the most sickening thing ever heard in my life?
What said the fight helped Jeremy Herrera connect McKinney to Shepard's beating?
What did Police say the fight helped them connect McKinney to?
What did Herrera say a thud was the most sickening thing Aaron McKinney ever heard in?
What did Herrera say it was the most sickening thing I ever heard in?
What did Herrera say was the most sickening thing I ever heard in my life?
What did Police say helped Jeremy Herrera connect McKinney to Shepard's beating?
What did a teen-ager testify Tuesday-- Aaron McKinney pulled out?
Who heard from the coroner who examined Shepard's body, a bartender and Morales during the first full day of testimony?
If convicted, who faces the death penalty?
What did Jeremy Herrera say McKinney was arguing with when McKinney went to his truck, pulled out a gun and hit Morales from behind?
Who was McKinney's co-defendant?
Who added Aaron McKinney struck McKinney with a thick stick?
Whose beating did Police say to?
What did Jeremy Herrera say with?
Who did Police say the fight helped Jeremy Herrera connect to Shepard's beating?
What did Herrera say it was I ever heard in my life?
Where do prosecutors say?
Who did Herrera add he struck with a thick stick?
What did Herrera say a thud was the most sickening thing in?
Who said it was the most sickening thing I ever heard in my life?
What did Herrera add he struck McKinney with?
What did Herrera say a thud was Aaron McKinney ever heard in my life?
What was Jeremy Herrera?
Who did a teen-ager testify Tuesday-- pulled out a gun?
Who did Morales say the beating rendered unable to identify his attacker?
Whose co-defendant was Russell Henderson?
If convicted, what does Aaron McKinney face?
What did Police say the fight helped connect McKinney to Shepard's beating?
Who did jurors hear from during the first full day of testimony?
Who was 19?
Whose beating did Police say the fight helped Jeremy Herrera connect McKinney to?
If convicted, what does he face?
What did McKinney's co-defendant receive life in?
Whose beating did Police say the fight helped them connect McKinney to?
Whose co-defendant received life in prison?
What said the fight helped them connect McKinney to Shepard's beating?
Who did Herrera say it was the most sickening thing ever heard in my life?
When did a teen-ager testify-- Aaron McKinney clubbed another man hours after Shepard was attacked?
Who did Herrera add Aaron McKinney struck with a thick stick?
What was Aaron McKinney accused of?
Who is charged with murder, kidnapping and robbery?
Who was Russell Henderson?
Who said the beating rendered him unable to identify his attacker?
What did Judge Barton Voigt say he would rule on Monday?
What did Judge Barton Voigt say on?
What have they argued during?
When is Henderson serving after pleading guilty to murder and kidnapping?
Who did attorneys ask to allow them to use the ``gay panic'' strategy?
Who drew a timeline of the events in which Judge Barton Voigt described in detail how Shepard was beaten during four days of testimony?
Who set off something inside?
What is McKinney charged with?
Who did them contend it is crucial for to understand why the roofer beat Shepard to death?
What did the events culminate in?
What opened its case Friday?
What did prosecutors draw in which Judge Barton Voigt described in detail how Shepard was beaten during four days of testimony?
When did Judge Barton Voigt say he would rule on the issue?
Who was Michael St. Clair?
What are his attorneys trying to convince the jury McKinney is guilty of?
What are Aaron McKinney's attorneys trying to convince McKinney is guilty of manslaughter rather than murder?
What do prosecutors say lured Shepard out of the bar, took Matthew Shepard to a remote area where they robbed and beat him?
What triggered memories of a childhood homosexual assault?
Who said, ``Aaron McKinney was really offensive to me''?
What do prosecutors say of?
When did prosecutors draw a timeline of the events in which he described in detail how Shepard was beaten?
What is the drunken?
Who did them contend for?
Who contended it is crucial for jurors to understand why the roofer beat Shepard to death?
Who said he saw the three leave together at the bar?
Who later met McKinney and Russell Henderson at the bar?
Who are trying to convince the jury McKinney is guilty of manslaughter rather than murder?
What did prosecutors draw in which he described in detail how Shepard was beaten during four days of testimony?
Who was left to die tied to a fence post?
Who did St. Clair tell jurors Shepard asked to sit with inside the Fireside Lounge on Oct. 6 before making a sexual suggestion?
What have they argued that he snapped during after a sexual advance by Shepard triggered memories of a childhood homosexual assault?
What have argued that he snapped during a drunken after a sexual advance by Shepard triggered memories of a childhood homosexual assault?
Who did Aaron McKinney make angry?
What did prosecutors draw a timeline of in which Judge Barton Voigt described in detail how Shepard was beaten during four days of testimony?
What are Aaron McKinney's attorneys trying to convince the jury McKinney is guilty of?
What did prosecutors draw a timeline of in which he described in detail how Shepard was beaten during four days of testimony?
Who drew a timeline of the events in which he described in detail how Shepard was beaten during four days of testimony?
Whose attorneys are trying to convince the jury McKinney is guilty of manslaughter rather than murder?
Who countered that such testimony would give others an excuse to kill people?
What could McKinney be sentenced to if convicted?
Who say the two lured Shepard out of the bar, took him to a remote area where they robbed and beat him?
Who are Aaron McKinney's attorneys trying to convince the jury is guilty of manslaughter rather than murder?
Who did-- A man testify he was angered by a sexual advance by?
What set off something inside?
When did prosecutors draw a timeline of the events in which Judge Barton Voigt described in detail how Shepard was beaten?
What did St. Clair say he saw at?
What did a sexual advance by Shepard trigger memories of?
Who asked the judge to allow them to use the ``gay panic'' strategy?
What did attorneys ask the judge to allow them to use?
When did St. Clair tell jurors Shepard asked to sit with him inside the Fireside Lounge before making a sexual suggestion?
Who said he would rule on the issue Monday?
Who did St. Clair tell jurors with?
What did Shepard later meet McKinney and Russell Henderson at?
What did St. Clair say at?
Who did it make angry?
What did Prosecutor Cal Rerucha counter?
Who did St. Clair tell Shepard asked to sit with him inside the Fireside Lounge on Oct. 6 before making a sexual suggestion?
Who did St. Clair say saw the three leave together at the bar?
What are his attorneys trying to convince the jury of?
Who is charged with robbery, kidnapping and murder?
Who did attorneys ask the judge to allow to use the ``gay panic'' strategy?
What did it set off inside?
Who did Judge Barton Voigt say would rule on the issue Monday?
What did-- A man testify he was angered by by gay college student Matthew Shepard inside the same bar that Shepard later met up with his alleged killers?
Who did Shepard later meet at the bar?
Who-- testified he was angered by a sexual advance by gay college student Matthew Shepard inside the same bar that Shepard later met up with his alleged killers?
Who told jurors Shepard asked to sit with him inside the Fireside Lounge on Oct. 6 before making a sexual suggestion?
What did St. Clair say he saw the three leave together at?
What did St. Clair tell jurors Shepard asked to sit with him inside on Oct. 6 before making a sexual suggestion?
What did-- A man testify by?
Who is serving two life sentences after pleading guilty to murder and kidnapping?
Who rested their case?
What did a sexual advance by Shepard trigger?
Who could be sentenced to death if convicted?
What is McKinney?
What are Aaron McKinney's attorneys trying to convince the jury of?
What began?
Who said, ``It was really offensive to me''?
Who rested their case against McKinney?
Who say the two lured Shepard out of the bar, took Matthew Shepard to a remote area where they robbed and beat him?
Who did St. Clair tell jurors asked to sit with him inside the Fireside Lounge on Oct. 6 before making a sexual suggestion?
What are his attorneys trying to convince McKinney is guilty of manslaughter rather than murder?
What is Henderson?
Who are his attorneys trying to convince the jury is guilty of manslaughter rather than murder?
What did Aaron McKinney set off inside?
What did prosecutors rest?
What did attorneys ask the judge to allow to use the ``gay panic'' strategy?
How many life sentences is Henderson serving after pleading guilty to murder and kidnapping?
What did St. Clair say he saw leave together at the bar?
What did them contend is crucial for jurors to understand why the roofer beat Shepard to death?
What made me angry?
What do prosecutors say lured Shepard out of the bar, took him to a remote area where they robbed and beat him?
What culminated in the playing of McKinney's jailhouse confession?
What is drug-induced rage?
Who is 22?
What opened LARAMIE Friday?
Who was the first defense witness called in the murder trial of Aaron McKinney?
Who made me angry?
Who have argued that he snapped during a drunken after a sexual advance by Shepard triggered memories of a childhood homosexual assault?
What contended it is crucial for jurors to understand why the roofer beat Shepard to death?
When did the judge say that he did not believe defense attorneys had offered any evidence that such a strategy would be relevant?
Who did the judge say today that he did not believe had offered any evidence that such a strategy would be relevant?
Whose death is McKinney charged with first-degree murder, kidnapping and aggravated robbery in last year?
Who said he and an accomplice planned to pose as homosexuals and rob Shepard?
What did Police say robbery was?
Who told lawyers for Aaron McKinney that the strategy was?
What did homosexuals drive him to?
How many life sentences did Henderson receive after pleading guilty in April to felony murder and kidnapping?
When is McKinney charged with first-degree murder, kidnapping and aggravated robbery in Shepard's death?
Who did State District Judge Barton Voigt tell that the strategy was?
What did the defense tell jurors that the crime was triggered by a combination of McKinney's drug and alcohol use by Shepard during?
What suffered at least 18 blows to the head?
Whose then-girlfriend did Afton N. Timothy testify that she learned of the beating from?
What had hope to borrow a page from what is informally called a ``gay panic'' defense reaction when propositioned by a homosexual?
What did the 21-year-old University of Wyoming political science major suffer to the head?
Who say McKinney and Russell Henderson posed as homosexuals drove him to a remote fence, tied him to it and pistol-whipped him into a coma?
Who drove him to a remote fence?
Who was gay?
What did the judge say today that he did not believe?
Who did Kristen Price say defense lawyers planned to pose as?
When did Henderson receive after pleading guilty in April to felony murder and kidnapping?
How many blows did the 21-year-old University of Wyoming political science major suffer to the head?
What is McKinney and Russell Henderson?
Who were lured Shepard out of a downtown bar?
Who said today that he did not believe defense attorneys had offered any evidence that such a strategy would be relevant?
Who did the defense tell that the crime was triggered by a combination of McKinney's drug and alcohol use by Shepard during opening statements?
What was traumatic youthful homosexual episodes and an unwanted sexual advance?
What did they have?
Who do prosecutors say posed as homosexuals drove him to a remote fence, tied him to it and pistol-whipped him into a coma?
Who said defense lawyers planned to pose as homosexuals and rob Shepard?
Whose drug and alcohol use was traumatic youthful homosexual episodes and an unwanted sexual advance?
Who countered that such testimony would give others an excuse to kill people?
What did Afton N. Timothy testify that she learned of from McKinney's then-girlfriend?
What was the ``gay panic'' defense built on?
What did homosexuals drive Aaron McKinney to?
What did Afton N. Timothy testify of?
What did State District Judge Barton Voigt tell lawyers for Aaron McKinney?
What did the 21-year-old University of Wyoming political science major suffer at least 18 blows to?
Whose stepsister was Afton N. Timothy?
What was built on a theory that a person with latent gay tendencies will have an uncontrollable, violent?
What do prosecutors say to?
Who did the defense tell jurors that the crime was triggered by a combination of McKinney's drug and alcohol use by during opening statements?
What said robbery was the main motive?
What did Prosecutor Cal Rerucha counter?
What said that Shepard may also have been singled out because he was gay?
Who drove Aaron McKinney to a remote fence?
Who was McKinney's then-girlfriend?
Who is charged with first-degree murder, kidnapping and aggravated robbery in Shepard's death last year?
What was effect?
What did the defense tell jurors that the crime was triggered by by Shepard during opening statements?
What is McKinney charged with first-degree murder, kidnapping and aggravated robbery in last year?
Who did Kristen Price say as?
Who did Kristen Price say he and an accomplice planned to pose as?
Who had hope to borrow a page from what is informally called a ``gay panic'' defense reaction when propositioned by a homosexual?
What was a temporary insanity or a diminished capacity defense?
When did Afton N. Timothy testify that she learned of the beating?
What told jurors that the crime was triggered by a combination of McKinney's drug and alcohol use by Shepard during opening statements?
What did the defense tell jurors by during opening statements?
What is McKinney?
Who was McKinney's stepsister?
What was McKinney's drug and alcohol use?
Who was Afton N. Timothy?
Whose then-girlfriend was Kristen Price?
What did the judge say today that he did not believe defense attorneys had offered?
What did Henderson receive two life sentences after pleading guilty in April to?
Who could receive the death penalty if convicted?
Who did homosexuals drive to a remote fence?
Who received two life sentences after pleading guilty in April to felony murder and kidnapping?
What did jurors have?
What is McKinney charged with in Shepard's death last year?
What did Police say was the main motive?
Who testified that she learned of the beating from McKinney's then-girlfriend?
When was Kristen Price?
Whose then-girlfriend did Afton N. Timothy testify of?
Who is 22?
Who did Kristen Price say planned to pose as homosexuals and rob Shepard?
What did Police say?
What did the judge say today?
What could McKinney receive if convicted?
What cried attended by nearly 50 townspeople and members of the media?
What were pieced together by the troupe?
What did I have?
What were their thoughts and opinions pieced together by?
What chronicled Wilde's downfall?
What is Matthew Shepard's beating?
Who are Aaron McKinney and Russell Henderson?
What was a unique collaboration between a New York-based theater troupe and the people of Laramie?
Who had so much anticipation?
What received national attention?
When are two young men serving for the murder?
What is interesting to undo the wound that you think is healed?
What was a monumental effort involving 18 months of preparation?
Whose death in October 1998 received national attention?
Who met the men who killed him at the Fireside Lounge?
What was based on trial transcripts?
What were six trips's thoughts and opinions pieced together by?
Who are two young men?
Whose beating is cruel victimization and murder?
What did Matthew Shepard have?
What did six trips's thoughts and opinions work under?
Who was founder of the Tectonic Theater Project?
How many young men are serving life sentences for the murder?
What was he hung on?
Who has called the murder a watershed event?
What did they cry attended by?
How many young men are Aaron McKinney and Russell Henderson?
Who did Shepard meet?
Who was bartender at the Fireside Lounge?
Where did the Tectonic Theater Project's members collaborate on the drama now on view through April 1?
What was Wyo.?
What did DENVER-- An emotional audience greet about the murder of Matthew Shepard?
Who was left to die?
What did the Tectonic Theater Project's members collaborate on the drama now on view at through April 1?
What was Laramie?
Who are serving life sentences for the murder?
What was the play based on?
What were trials that eventually send the homosexual Wilde to prison for ``gross indecency''?
Who was Kaufman and Leigh Fondakowski?
What did DENVER-- An emotional audience greet the world premiere Saturday of The Laramie Project about?
What is interesting to undo the wound that Matthew Shepard think is healed?
What was Moises Kaufman?
What did Shepard's death in October 1998 receive?
What are two young men serving life sentences for?
Who was Matt Galloway?
When did the Tectonic Theater Project's members collaborate on the drama now on view at the Denver Center Theater?
What worked under the guidance of Kaufman and Leigh Fondakowski?
What is it interesting to undo the wound?
Who was a company member who put together the script?
What was Moises Kaufman founder of?
What greeted the world premiere Saturday of The Laramie Project about the murder of Matthew Shepard?
What was the brainchild of Moises Kaufman?
What did the Tectonic Theater Project's members collaborate on now on view at the Denver Center Theater through April 1?
What was the production?
What is so much anticipation interesting to undo the wound?
What did the Tectonic Theater Project's members collaborate on the drama now on at the Denver Center Theater through April 1?
Who was the play about the death of the gay University of Wyoming college student the brainchild of?
What did a New York-based theater troupe and the people of Laramie, Wyo. , cry attended by?
What was the play about the death of the gay University of Wyoming college student?
What did their thoughts and opinions work under?
What has not?
Who collaborated on the drama now on view at the Denver Center Theater through April 1?
What were trial transcripts?
What was Matthew Shepard hung on?
What was the three-act?
What is cruel victimization and murder?
What was nearly three-hour performance?
Who cried attended by nearly 50 townspeople and members of the media?
What did DENVER-- An emotional audience greet the world premiere Saturday of about the murder of Matthew Shepard?
Whose downfall did the play chronicle?
What was the Laramie Project?
What did the play chronicle?
Who was hung on a fence in a lonely prairie field?
Who was beaten?
What do President Clinton ask all of you to stand up with?
Who was R-Utah?
What do hate crimes tear at?
What also would give federal prosecutors the option of pursuing a hate-crime case if local authorities refused to press charges?
What did neither state have?
What has 42 co-sponsors?
What is S. 2549 On the Net http://www. fbi. gov/ucr/hatecm. htm?
What has an almost identical bill touched off?
What do hate crimes have to pass?
Who did he also put in a few calls to?
Who said hate crimes are modern day lynchings?
What did he suggest that under it every rape prosecution could be deemed a hate crime and prosecuted in federal courts for?
What was Byrd dragged to death on a country road by?
Who was the Kennedy spokesman?
What would Kennedy's measure expand as the victim attempts to exercise certain specified federally protected activities-- including voting or attending school?
Who asks all of you to stand up with this fine family?
Who was pressing a rival approach that would set up a $5 million-a-year fund at the Justice Department to help state and local authorities prosecute hate crimes?
Who do President Clinton ask all of to stand up with this fine family?
What has touched off heated debate over whether the measure infringes on state and local powers of law enforcement?
Who was D-Mass?
When was an almost identical bill passed overwhelmingly by the Senate?
What did the Senate adopt the hate-crimes legislation last year as?
When did Clinton meet with Byrd's family in Houston?
What adopted the hate-crimes legislation last year as part of a spending bill for the Commerce, Justice and State departments?
What also would authorize a federal study to see whether hate crimes were not being prosecuted by state and local authorities?
Who tear at the heart and soul of our country?
What did Hatch say?
What would Sen. Orrin Hatch's proposal also authorize?
Who was dragged to death on a country road by a trio of white men?
What was Sen. Orrin Hatch?
Who do I ask all of to stand up with this fine family?
What was Sen. Edward M. Kennedy?
What did Sen. Orrin Hatch suggest under for instance?
Who ask all of you to stand up with this fine family?
What tear at the heart and soul of our country?
What did Sen. Edward M. Kennedy say are modern day lynchings?
Who did a Kennedy spokesman say was optimistic the measure would be approved?
What would his proposal also authorize?
What was Sen. Orrin Hatch pressing to help state and local authorities investigate?
What was an almost identical bill passed overwhelmingly by last year?
Whose legislation was headed for a vote Tuesday as an amendment to an unrelated defense bill?
Who suggested that under instance every rape prosecution could be deemed a hate crime and prosecuted in federal courts for instance?
Where did Clinton meet with Byrd's family Monday?
What would the legislation add to the list of hate crimes already covered under a 1968 federal law?
What does the victim attempt to exercise?
How many co-sponsors does his measure have?
What did Sen. Edward M. Kennedy suggest?
What are wary of further weighing down the defense bill with irrelevant amendments?
How many co-sponsors does Will Keyser's measure have?
Who was pressing a rival approach that would set up a $5 million-a-year fund at the Justice Department to help state and local authorities investigate?
Who cited FBI statistics that showed almost 8,000 hate crimes were reported in 1998, the latest year available?
Whose legislation also would give federal prosecutors the option of pursuing a hate-crime case if local authorities refused to press charges?
What did a Kennedy spokesman say?
What would his proposal also authorize a federal study to see by?
What does his measure have?
Who said?
Who have to pass this legislation?
What do we have to pass?
What did the president cite?
Who was Will Keyser?
What was Kennedy's legislation headed for a vote Tuesday as?
What was headed for a vote Tuesday as an amendment to an unrelated defense bill?
When are Democrats seeking to use the legislation to press a range of high profile issues?
What would the legislation add offenses motivated by sexual orientation to?
What do they tear at?
What remain?
Whose proposal also would authorize a federal study to see whether hate crimes were not being prosecuted by state and local authorities?
Who said Kennedy was optimistic the measure would be approved?
What did Sen. Edward M. Kennedy suggest could be close?
What did he suggest that under every rape prosecution could be deemed a hate crime and prosecuted in federal courts for instance?
What was Sen. Orrin Hatch pressing to help state and local authorities prosecute hate crimes?
What were hate crimes not being prosecuted by?
What was Byrd dragged to on a country road by a trio of white men?
What did Sen. Orrin Hatch suggest that under every rape prosecution could be deemed a hate crime and prosecuted in federal courts for instance?
What were not being prosecuted by state and local authorities?
What did Hatch say there is?
What would add offenses motivated by sexual orientation to the list of hate crimes already covered under a 1968 federal law?
What said the Kennedy measure was overly broad?
Who did President Clinton also put in a few calls to?
What did Clinton meet with Byrd's family Monday in?
Whose measure has 42 co-sponsors?
What do President Clinton ask to stand up with this fine family?
What do I ask to stand up with this fine family?
What are Democrats seeking to use the legislation to press in this election year?
What would Sen. Orrin Hatch's proposal also authorize a federal study to see by?
What did Sen. Edward M. Kennedy say hate crimes are?
What was passed overwhelmingly by the Senate last year?
Who are seeking to use the legislation to press a range of high profile issues in this election year?
What do I ask all of you to stand up with?
What said there is little evidence that a broad federalization of hate crimes is warranted?
Who met with Byrd's family Monday in Houston?
What are Democrats seeking to use to press a range of high profile issues in this election year?
What are Democrats seeking to use the legislation to press a range of in this election year?
What did he also put in to wavering senators?
What did he suggest under for instance?
What did he suggest could be close?
What did Clinton meet with Monday in Houston?
What did President Clinton also put in to wavering senators?
What was Kennedy's legislation headed for as an amendment to an unrelated defense bill?
Who attempts to exercise certain specified federally protected activities-- including voting or attending school?
Who suggested the vote could be close?
What did Hatch say was overly broad?
What does Will Keyser's measure have?
What did Sen. Orrin Hatch suggest that under instance every rape prosecution could be deemed a hate crime and prosecuted in federal courts for?
What was Byrd dragged to death on by a trio of white men?
What had a hate-crimes statute?
Who also put in a few calls to wavering senators?
Who was the Judiciary Committee chairman?
Who was Sen. Orrin Hatch?
What have to pass this legislation?
What has it touched off?
Who suggested that under it every rape prosecution could be deemed a hate crime and prosecuted in federal courts for instance?
What did he suggest?
What did Janet Folger say were not to blame?
What does the group plan to air soon?
What did Kendell say, ``I do not know for''?
What did Kendell say, ``Beatrice Dohrn do not know for''?
What has touched off an intense reaction among gays and lesbians nationwide because of its extreme brutality and timing?
What do certain elements in our society advocate?
Who said his son told him he committed the crime because he was embarrassed when Shepard flirted with him in front of his friends?
When R-Miss?
What has Shepard's killing touched off nationwide because of its extreme brutality and timing?
Who was 21?
What hate crimes against gays in another study released earlier this year by the University of Washington?
What did the father of one of two accused suspects say his son told him because he was embarrassed when Shepard flirted with him in front of his friends?
Whose death was a major topic of conversation in San Francisco?
What was led by the Center for Reclaiming America in Fort Lauderdale?
What did last summer buy a series of claiming that love and religious teaching will ``cure'' homosexuality?
What have only 21 states hate?
What plans to air similar television ads soon?
Whose skull was too crushed for surgery?
What did San Francisco Supervisors Tom Ammiano and Mark Leno speak briefly about?
When did Shepard lose his life?
What did last summer buy claiming that love and religious teaching will ``cure'' homosexuality?
Who died early Monday after being in a coma for nearly a week?
Where have three attempts to pass such laws failed?
When bought a series of ads in major newspapers claiming that love and religious teaching will ``cure'' homosexuality?
How many only states have hate crime laws that include sexual orientation?
What show that most Americans favor nondiscrimination?
What was the Christian right led by?
Whose killing has touched off an intense reaction among gays and lesbians nationwide because of its extreme brutality and timing?
What was Shepard's death a major topic of?
What did last summer buy a series of ads in major newspapers claiming that love and religious teaching will ``cure''?
What do one in 10 community college students admitted to committing hate in another study released earlier this year by the University of Washington?
What are not new?
Whose death did Janet Folger call ``reprehensible''?
What do lesbian and gay activists say?
Who had been robbed?
What was Matthew Shepard?
What hate crimes against lesbian, gay, bisexual and transgender people increased nationally by 2 percent in 1997?
What have hate crime laws that include sexual orientation?
When are Statistics not yet available?
What has Shepard's killing touched off an intense reaction among gays and lesbians nationwide because of?
What have failed in Wyoming?
What do polls show that most Americans favor?
Who do laws not protect?
Who was Janet Folger?
Who left impromptu memorials?
What was a major topic of conversation in San Francisco?
Who was national director of the Center for Reclaiming America?
How many attempts to pass such laws have failed in Wyoming?
What had he been pistol-whipped in so severely his skull was too crushed for surgery?
What do the increases appear to be a combination of as well as a growing readiness to report attacks?
What are not yet available for 1998?
Who was embarrassed when Shepard flirted with him in front of his friends?
What have three attempts to pass such laws failed in?
Who said the ads were not to blame?
Who will vote on a law that bars gay marriages in March 2000?
When did Matthew Shepard die after being in a coma for nearly a week?
Who will be asked to change their state constitutions to keep same-sex couples from marrying?
What increased a dramatic 34 percent?
What do the increases appear to be as well as a growing readiness to report attacks?
What was his skull too crushed for?
Who did the father of one of two accused suspects say with?
What was Janet Folger national director of?
What had Matthew Shepard been pistol-whipped in so severely his skull was too crushed for surgery?
Who called the young man's death ``reprehensible''?
Who had been beaten?
What do not protect gays?
Who spoke briefly about the need for ending hate crimes?
When will Californians vote on a law that bars gay marriages?
What do certain elements in our society advocate that everyone should do?
When was Senate Majority Leader Trent Lott?
What was Beatrice Dohrn legal director of?
What was too crushed for surgery?
What did some interviewed say an unwanted advance or flirtation was?
What did mourners leave?
What said an unwanted advance or flirtation was a legitimate reason for an assault?
When did Shepard lose at a time when describing homosexuality as a sickness that needs curing is gaining political currency?
What was lowered to half-staff?
Who was Beatrice Dohrn?
What did last summer buy a series of ads in major newspapers claiming?
What do Statistics hate?
What do the increases appear to be a combination of both a jump in actual crimes as well as?
Who had been pistol-whipped in the head so severely his skull was too crushed for surgery?
Who was last spring?
What appear to be a combination of both a jump in actual crimes as well as a growing readiness to report attacks?
What do one in 10 community college students admitted to committing hate crimes against gays in?
What advocate that everyone should do what they want to do?
What was Matthew Shepard's skull too crushed for?
What did Janet Folger say?
What did some interviewed say was a legitimate reason for an assault?
What did violence against gays and lesbians gay youth increase?
What do polls show?
Who was legal director of Lambda Legal Defense and Education Fund in New York?
What did Janet Folger call ``reprehensible''?
What will Californians vote on in March 2000?
What was Shepard's death?
Who lost his life at a time when describing homosexuality as a sickness that needs curing is gaining political currency?
What did some interviewed say?
What do the commercials end with?''
What would they not be trumpeted in three weeks before Election Day?
What does Gary Bauer, the GOP power broker and putative presidential candidate deplore?
Who was ``a small person with a big heart?''
What would these ads not be trumpeted in three weeks before Election Day?
What was mind and soul that someone tried to beat out of him?
Who asked when I interviewed him then: ``Do you have to have someone hurt and beat up and dragged from a truck to stop this?''
What end with a slogan: ``style's not about hate. . . It's about hope?''
How many weeks would they not be trumpeted in Washington before Election Day?
Whose uncle was R. W. Eaton?
Where would they not be trumpeted three weeks before Election Day?
Who goes on talk shows to say that his organization hates no one?
What will you find?
What has even the murder in Laramie moved to apologize for a frightened gay Texas Republican who had been at the convention melee's words?
What does no major GOP leader dare take on against people like Matthew Shepard?
What was Trent Lott on seconding the religious right's condemnation of gay people as sinful and sick after this near-brush with violence in Fort Worth?
What was the latest salvo in a six-month campaign by the religious right?
What does Gary Bauer, the GOP power broker and putative presidential candidate go on talk shows to say that his organization hates?
Whose uncle told The Denver Post?
What does an ostensibly loving mother condemn her son for the ``bad choice'' of being gay in?
When would these ads not be trumpeted in Washington before Election Day?
What does no major GOP leader dare take on its ``religious'' wing and its crusade against?
What is homosexuality linked to by AIDS in one of these ads?
What did Matthew Shepard's uncle tell?
What was the big heart?
Who is the head of the Family Research Council?
What will the 21-year-old Matt find a proud description of?
Who was the 21-year-old Matt ``?''
When does it's a story as old?
Who aspired to a career in diplomacy and human rights?
What was it by the religious right?
What did his uncle tell?
When would these ads not be trumpeted in Washington three weeks?
What are the commercials?
What's a story as old as history?
Who will find a proud description of go's readiness to ``wage the war against the homosexual agenda''?
Who will find a proud description of go's readiness to fight to maintain the traditional meaning of ` family?
When would they not be trumpeted in Washington before Election Day?
What is?
What is any group successfully scapegoated as a subhuman threat to ``normal'' values by?
What has moved Lott to apologize for his words?
Who take over?
Who does an ostensibly loving mother condemn in one of the new ads in that supposedly hate-free crusade?
What was Trent Lott on TV seconding the religious right's condemnation of gay people as sinful and sick after?
If these ads were truly aimed at gay people, what would they not be broadcast at to the wide general audience reached by TV?
Where would these ads not be trumpeted three weeks before Election Day?
If these ads were truly aimed at gay people, what would they not be broadcast at extravagant cost to?
Who was R. W. Eaton?
What is linked to drug addiction and certain death by AIDS in one of these ads?
Who was the big heart mind and soul that someone tried to beat out of?
What has even the murder in Laramie moved Lott to apologize for?
What is linked to drug addiction and certain death by AIDS in one of them?
What would not be trumpeted in Washington three weeks before Election Day?
What has moved Lott to apologize for a frightened gay Texas Republican who had been at the convention melee's words?
What does it's like of his nephew's shattered body?
What is Gary Bauer, a GOP power broker and putative presidential candidate?
What is homosexuality linked to drug addiction and certain death by AIDS in?
What is successfully scapegoated as a subhuman threat to ``normal'' values by a propaganda machine?
What does it's like something you might see in war of?
What will the 21-year-old Matt find?
What is homosexuality linked to drug addiction and certain death by in one of these ads?
Who was Matthew Shepard's uncle?
What does war's as old as history?
Who would not be trumpeted in Washington three weeks before Election Day?
Who told The Denver Post?
When would they not be trumpeted in Washington three weeks?
If these ads were truly aimed at gay people, who would not be broadcast at extravagant cost to the wide general audience reached by TV?
When does war's a story as old?
Who was on TV seconding the religious right's condemnation of gay people as sinful and sick after this near-brush with violence in Fort Worth?
What does Gary Bauer, the GOP power broker and putative presidential candidate go on talk shows to say?
Who deplores violence?
Who dares take on even the murder in Laramie's ``religious'' wing and its crusade against people like Matthew Shepard?
If these ads were truly aimed at gay people, what would not be broadcast at extravagant cost to the wide general audience reached by TV?
What was it the latest salvo in a six-month campaign by?
What are gooey in style?
What did the 21-year-old Matt aspire to a career in?
Who dares take on its ``religious'' wing and its crusade against people like Matthew Shepard?
Who condemns her son for the ``bad choice'' of being gay in one of the new ads in that supposedly hate-free crusade?
How many weeks would these ads not be trumpeted in Washington before Election Day?
What's really about stirring up the fear that produces hate?
What has even the murder in Laramie moved to apologize for his words?
What is homosexuality linked to drug addiction and certain death by in one of them?
What does Gary Bauer, the GOP power broker and putative presidential candidate go on to say that his organization hates no one?
What end with a slogan: ``It's not about hate. . . It's about hope?''
Who was his uncle?
Who has now been ``cured''?
What is any group successfully scapegoated as by a propaganda machine?
What does it's as old as history?
Who will find a proud description of its readiness to fight to maintain the traditional meaning of ` family?
Who will find a proud description of its readiness to ``wage the war against the homosexual agenda''?
What is homosexuality linked to by AIDS in one of them?
What did the 21-year-old Matt aspire to in diplomacy and human rights?
What will you find a proud description of?
What does no major GOP leader dare take on even the murder in Laramie's ``religious'' wing and its crusade against?
What's like something you might see in war of his nephew's shattered body?
What were forced to make arrests?
Who minces his words when it comes to civil disturbances?
What did First Deputy Police Commissioner Patrick Kelleher say on night, ``the police actions increased the number of people significantly to put it back under control''?
Who was N. H.?
When did he say on Monday in Nashua, ``It's a very worthy cause''?
What did he say on night, ``We increased the number of people significantly to put it back under control''?
What did Sara Pursley say, ``As lesbian and gay people, the police actions know''?
Who held aloft signs that said Stop Hate Crimes and ``Where Is Your Rage?''
Who said that she was injured by a police horse when mounted officers rode into the crowd on West 43d Street in an effort to disperse the marchers?
What did they leave they were endangering the motorists?
What left the sidewalk they were endangering the motorists?
What did police officials say that they had made at least 96 arrests, mostly for on Monday night?
What was one woman hurt by when mounted officers were sent into the crowd to disperse the marchers?
What did Mayor Rudolph Giuliani strike when asked about the protest?
What was Stop Hate Crimes?
What did the size of the march appear to surprise?
Who said that the police called in more officers from all five boroughs when the trouble began?
What had the marchers planned to march down Fifth Avenue from to Madison Square Park at 23d Street?
What did they leave the sidewalk were endangering the motorists?
What did the police say one police lieutenant injured in the fracas?
Who said on Moonday night, ``We increased the number of people significantly to put it back under control''?
Who did they leave the sidewalk were endangering the motorists?
What did Ruth Finklestein say by?
What did the police say one police lieutenant was sent to?
Who struck a conciliatory tone when asked about the protest?
What was he visiting at?
What had the marchers planned to march down Fifth Avenue from 59th Street to Madison Square Park at?
Where had the marchers planned to march down Fifth Avenue from 59th Street to Madison Square Park?
Who was a march organizer?
Who was I trampled by a horse ridden by?
Who said of the marchers, ``the police actions had a right to gather''?
When did he say on Moonday, ``We increased the number of people significantly to put it back under control''?
Who did the police say was sent to a local hospital for X-rays?
Who were slightly injured during the loosely organized rally?
Who was trampled by a horse ridden by a New York City police officer?
What did police officials say the demonstrators created a safety hazard by spilling into?
What appeared to surprise both the loose-knit group of people who organized it and the police?
Who defended the police actions?
What did they leave the sidewalk?
What did several organizers and marchers say there would have been had they been allowed to continued along their planned route?
What did several organizers and marchers say there would have been no problems along?
What did the police actions leave the sidewalk?
What said one police lieutenant was sent to a local hospital for X-rays?
Who said the demonstrators created a safety hazard by spilling into the streets?
What did First Deputy Police Commissioner Patrick Kelleher defend?
What did Sara Pursley say, ``As lesbian and gay people, we know''?
Who did the police actions leave the sidewalk they were endangering?
What does Mayor Rudolph Giuliani mince when the sidewalk comes to civil disturbances?
What did police officials say the demonstrators created a safety hazard by into the streets?
Who was ``Homophobia Kills''?
What were several demonstrators and police officers slightly injured during?
What had the marchers planned to march down Fifth Avenue from 59th Street to at 23d Street?
What did the marchers carry?
Who was an organizer?
Who left the sidewalk they were endangering the motorists?
What did scuffling between the marchers and the police break out at several points along?
When did several organizers and marchers accuse the police?
Who was hurt by a police horse when mounted officers were sent into the crowd to disperse the marchers?
What did police officials say by?
What did several organizers and marchers say there would have been no problems had been allowed to continued along their planned route?
What did Marchers hold aloft?
Who was Sara Pursley?
Who were forced to make arrests?
What did the size of the march appear to surprise both the loose-knit group of?
What were we doing?
Who held aloft signs that said Stop Hate Crimes and ``Where Is ``Homophobia Kills's Rage?''
Who did the police actions leave the sidewalk were endangering the motorists?
When did police officials say that they had made at least 96 arrests, mostly for disorderly conduct?
Who were doing nothing illegal, wrong or unsafe?
What did the loosely organized rally's planners not have?
Who said, ``As lesbian and gay people, the police actions know that Matthew Shepard is only the tip of the iceberg''?
What did the police say one police lieutenant injured his finger in?
Who said that they had made at least 96 arrests, mostly for disorderly conduct on Monday night?
Where did scuffling between the marchers and the police break out along the route when officers in riot gear tried to keep the demonstrators on the sidewalk?
What does Mayor Rudolph Giuliani mince when it comes to civil disturbances?
Who said on Monday night in Nashua, ``It's a very worthy cause''?
Who did he say of, ``They had a right to gather''?
What were police officials doing?
When did First Deputy Police Commissioner Patrick Kelleher say on Moonday, ``the police actions increased the number of people significantly to put it back under control''?
What did several organizers and marchers say along?
Who did Kelleher say that the police called in when the trouble began?
Who defended their response?
What did police officials defend?
Who carried a pine coffin and memorial candles?
Who said of the marchers, ``They had a right to gather''?
What did the police actions leave the sidewalk were endangering the motorists?
What did several organizers and marchers accuse?
Who did Kelleher say in?
Who had planned to march down Fifth Avenue from 59th Street to Madison Square Park at 23d Street?
Who did they leave the sidewalk they were endangering?
Who said there would have been no problems had they been allowed to continued along their planned route?
What was I trampled by by a New York City police officer?
Who did police officials say created a safety hazard by spilling into the streets?
What did police officials say for on Monday night?
What did scuffling between the marchers and the police break out at along the route when officers in riot gear tried to keep the demonstrators on the sidewalk?
Who said, ``As lesbian and gay people, we know that Matthew Shepard is only the tip of the iceberg''?
Who said on Moonday night, ``the police actions increased the number of people significantly to put it back under control''?
Who did First Deputy Police Commissioner Patrick Kelleher say of, ``the police actions had a right to gather''?
Where had the marchers planned to march down Fifth Avenue from 59th Street at 23d Street?
What did police officials say the demonstrators created by spilling into the streets?
How many arrests, mostly did police officials say that they had made for disorderly conduct on Monday night?
Where was he visiting?
Who was visiting at Nashua?
Who minces First Deputy Police Commissioner Patrick Kelleher's words when the sidewalk comes to civil disturbances?
What did police officials say that they had made for disorderly conduct on Monday night?
When did he say night in Nashua, ``It's a very worthy cause''?
What was Nashua?
What said one police lieutenant injured his finger in the fracas?
Who did not have a permit to march in the street?
Who did several organizers and marchers say there would have been no problems had been allowed to continued along their planned route?
What did several organizers and marchers say there would have been no problems had they been allowed to continued along?
What did Ruth Finklestein say that she was injured by when mounted officers rode into the crowd on West 43d Street in an effort to disperse the marchers?
Who did the police say injured his finger in the fracas?
Who broke out at several points along the route when officers in riot gear tried to keep the demonstrators on the sidewalk?
What did he say on Monday night in, ``It's a very worthy cause''?
Who was Ruth Finklestein?
What did the police actions leave they were endangering the motorists?
Who accused the police of over-reacting?
Whose words does Mayor Rudolph Giuliani mince when the sidewalk comes to civil disturbances?
What had the marchers planned to march down from 59th Street to Madison Square Park at 23d Street?
What were also reported in the boroughs of Queens, the Bronx and Staten Island?
Who said, ``Most gay-related crimes have people come to 374's neighborhood and seek you out to hurt you''?
What is Texas?
What had a sharp increase in police reports of anti-gay bias crimes in New York City unsettled gay people before?
What did the demonstration block?
What said that the killing of Matthew Shepard had struck a strong emotional chord in more than 20 interviews with gay men and lesbians in the past week?
When did the National Coalition of Anti-Violence Projects report that violent crimes against gay people rose 2 percent for which statistics are available?
When did anti-gay crimes rise by 6 percent?
Where have the most incidents also seen an increase in crimes?
What does NEW YORK make?
What are difficult to come by?
What rose by 2 percent?
What's why so many perpetrators are teen-agers and come from every point among the economic continuum?
What is Lubbock?
Who see the very presence of a gay person as a threat?
What does it make?
What did he say, ``Sometimes I think we have forgotten''?
Who believe that anti-gay crimes are on the rise across the country?
What is typically done by young people?
What was Queer Nation?
Where did Deputy Inspector Barbara Sicilia say, there were 82 anti-gay bias crimes reported this year through Oct. 4?
Who also saw the younger marchers as an opportunity to protest the rise in anti-gay crimes in New York City?
What did he add, ``I think''?
What do the less-publicized hate that we hear about across the country ``Between the well-publicized murders''?
What have the most incidents also seen an increase in crimes in?
What do some gay men and lesbians contend that their success in drawing attention to AIDS gave?
What does a's?
Who were the demonstration?
What were reported in lower Manhattan?
Who was commander of the Bias Unit?
What do many activists believe on?
What was the march _ to express outrage over the killing of a gay college student in Wyoming _ for some older protesters?
Who added, ``I think something like this reminds us that it still is an issue''?
What do some gay men and lesbians contend that their success in drawing attention to AIDS gave some a false feeling of?
What does it not have to be? '
What is aggravated harassment in the first degree?
Who did organizers also see as an opportunity to call on the state Senate to pass an anti-bias law for gay people?
What surprised even its organizers?
Who do Young guys in denial about that's own homosexual feelings who see the very presence of as a threat?
Who can be convicted of assault, but not a bias-related assault in these states?
What does have a law?
What are more visible outside of Manhattan?
What is that typically done by?
What do many activists believe that anti-gay crimes are on?
What does the National Coalition of Anti-Violence Projects collect?
What were the most incidents reported in?
What did NEW YORK _ For some of the younger marchers Monday night that paralyzed parts of midtown Manhattan was?
What did the National Coalition of Anti-Violence Projects report that violent crimes against gay people rose the last year for which statistics are available?
What do some gay men and lesbians contend?
Who also saw the younger marchers as an opportunity to call on the state Senate to pass an anti-bias law for gay people?
What did the murder of Matthew Shepard bring into relief?
What _ For some of the younger marchers Monday night that paralyzed parts of midtown Manhattan was their first political rally?
What does the law outlaw harassing because of ``the race, color, religion or national origin of such person''?
What have taken place across the country?
What does it's a bit of?
What did he say, ``Sometimes I think''?
Where was the giant rainbow flag in the Castro district that symbolizes the gay rights movement lowered to half staff?
What rose by 6 percent in 1996?
What have lacked the drama of the guerrilla street tactics of AIDS activists?
Who said, ``it was not really happening''?
Who was Deputy Inspector Barbara Sicilia?
What did organizers also see it as?
What have candlelight vigils taken across the country?
Who was Allis?
What does that not have to be? '
Whose murder had a sharp increase in police reports of anti-gay bias crimes in New York City unsettled gay people before?
What do the less-publicized hate crimes that that hear about across ``Between the well-publicized murders''?
Where were more incidents also reported?
What have candlelight vigils taken place across?
Who said, ``the mantle was not really happening''?
Who contend that their success in drawing attention to AIDS gave some a false feeling of security and acceptance?
Who also saw it as an opportunity to protest the rise in anti-gay crimes in New York City?
What did organizers also see the younger marchers as?
What do Young guys in denial about that's own homosexual feelings who see as a threat?
What have we also seen an increase in crimes in?
Who said, ``Most gay-related crimes have people come to your neighborhood and seek you out to hurt you''?
What do Young guys in denial about their own homosexual feelings who see as a threat?
What do nineteen states not have?
What did confrontations with police officers result in?
What did many people say that the killing of Matthew Shepard had struck in more than 20 interviews with gay men and lesbians in the past week?
What did many people say that the killing of Matthew Shepard had struck a strong emotional chord in?
Who also saw it as an opportunity to call on the state Senate to pass an anti-bias law for gay people?
What hate crimes that that hear about across the country ``Between the well-publicized murders''?
What does New York have?
What do Young guys in denial about that's own homosexual feelings who see the very presence of a gay person as?
What said, ``There was that sense of connecting the dots''?
What did he add, ``I think something like this reminds us''?
What had a sharp increase in police reports of anti-gay bias crimes in New York City unsettled before Shepard's murder?
When did Jay Blotcher say?
How many anti-gay bias crimes reported this year through Oct. 4 did Deputy Inspector Barbara Sicilia say in New York City, there were?
When did Jay Blotcher say that, his group and other militant organizations had run out of steam and were failing to attract young members?
What do local organizations use?
Who was 45?
What did others speak of?
What did Deputy Inspector Barbara Sicilia say in, there were 82 anti-gay bias crimes reported this year through Oct. 4?
What did the murder of Matthew Shepard bring the picture into?
What have the most incidents also seen in those neighborhoods?
What did many people say in more than 20 interviews with gay men and lesbians in the past week?
Who are more visible outside of Manhattan?
What makes no reference to sexual orientation?
What did overall bias crimes rise by?
Now what do people not have to come?
What was the demonstration Monday night billed as?
What does not have to be an issue? '
What do the less-publicized hate crimes that we hear about across ``Between the well-publicized murders''?
What the demonstration began at 6 p. m. as blocking traffic?
Who usually occur?
Who did organizers also see as an opportunity to protest the rise in anti-gay crimes in New York City?
Who said, ``There was that sense of connecting the dots''?
What have recent protests over issues like benefits for domestic partners and the right to march in the St. Patrick's Day Parade lacked the drama of?
What brought the picture into relief?
Who was a spokesman for Queer Nation in the early 1990s?
What blocked traffic?
What do the less-publicized hate that that hear about across the country ``Between the well-publicized murders''?
Whose killing did Allis say into?
What can someone who assaults a gay man or a lesbian be convicted of assault, but not a bias-related assault in?
What did some cite?
Who said that in recent years, his group and other militant organizations had run out of steam and were failing to attract young members?
What have we also seen in those neighborhoods?
What is it typically done by?
What was Thomas Ruble?
What did organizers also see as an opportunity to call on the state Senate to pass an anti-bias law for gay people?
What outlaws harassing people because of ``the race, color, religion or national origin of such person''?
Who said, ``Sometimes I think we have forgotten that they kill us''?
Who was a street protest group?
When did NEW YORK _ For some of the younger marchers Monday that paralyzed parts of midtown Manhattan was their first political rally?
What was the giant rainbow flag in the Castro district that symbolizes the gay rights movement lowered to half staff in?
What do not have legislation that specifically prohibits anti-gay hate crimes?
What had Thomas Ruble been to?
Who did the size of the protest in midtown surprise?
Who was Jay Blotcher for Queer Nation in the early 1990s?
What did the National Coalition of Anti-Violence Projects report the last year for which statistics are available?
What do the less-publicized hate crimes across ``Between the well-publicized murders''?
Where were the most incidents reported?
What did anti-gay crimes rise by in 1996?
What did NEW YORK _ For some of the younger marchers Monday night?
Who said, ``We were looking to younger people to pick up the mantle''?
What did a sharp increase in police reports of anti-gay bias crimes in New York City shake them out of what some call complacency in the years since?
What was the magazine editor?
What had unsettled gay people before Shepard's murder?
What collects data from 14 organizations across the country?
What hate crimes that we hear about across the country ``Between the well-publicized murders''?
Who said in New York City, there were 82 anti-gay bias crimes reported this year through Oct. 4?
What were the younger marchers?
What do Young guys in denial about their own homosexual feelings who see the very presence of a gay person as?
What is the law aggravated?
What shook them out of what some call complacency in the years since the height of AIDS activism?
What reflect incidents labeled bias crimes by local organizations when determining motivation?
What the demonstration began at as a rally in front of the Plaza Hotel on 59th Street near Central Park blocking traffic?
When was Jay Blotcher a spokesman for Queer Nation?
What use different standards from police?
When did NEW YORK _ For some of the younger marchers night that paralyzed parts of midtown Manhattan was their first political rally?
What were more incidents also reported in?
What did NEW YORK _ For Monday night that paralyzed parts of midtown Manhattan was their first political rally?
What did organizers also see as an opportunity to protest the rise in anti-gay crimes in New York City?
What cited his clean-cut image?
What usually occur?
Who had been to two gay pride rallies and parades?
Where have we also seen an increase in crimes?
What does it's?
Where can someone who assaults a gay man or a lesbian be convicted of assault, but not a bias-related assault?
What was hardly unique?
What was the giant rainbow flag in the Castro district that symbolizes the gay rights movement lowered to in San Francisco?
What was billed as a ``political funeral'' for Shepard?
What is the cause of the passion?
Who spoke of the brutality of the crime?
What does a's a bit of?
When did Allis say that Shepard's killing put into a new light?
What have recent protests over issues like benefits for domestic partners and the right to march in the St. Patrick's Day Parade lacked?
What shook 5,000 people on Fifth Avenue out of what some call complacency in the years since the height of AIDS activism?
What have also seen an increase in crimes in those neighborhoods?
What's a bit of an illusion?
What did Allis say that Shepard's killing put recent history into?
What was Deputy Inspector Barbara Sicilia commander of?
Who said that Shepard's killing put recent history into a new light?
What do those figures reflect?
What did Allis say into?
What the demonstration began at 6 p. m. as a rally in front of the Plaza Hotel on 59th Street near Central Park blocking?
What does the law outlaw harassing people because of?
What reported that violent crimes against gay people rose 2 percent the last year for which statistics are available?
What was Jay Blotcher a spokesman for in the early 1990s?
What have become more accepted in society than ever before?
What was lowered to half staff in San Francisco?
What did Deputy Inspector Barbara Sicilia say in New York City, there were?
When was a return to the angry street protests that had so often symbolized the militancy of the gay rights movement for some older protesters?
What resulted in 120 arrests?
Who do Young guys in denial about their own homosexual feelings who see the very presence of as a threat?
What began at 6 p. m. as a rally in front of the Plaza Hotel on 59th Street near Central Park blocking traffic?
What can someone who assaults a gay man or a lesbian be convicted of in these states?
Now what do not have to come downtown?
Who have also seen an increase in crimes in those neighborhoods?
What is Russell Henderson?
Who is a friend of McKinney?
Whose account's Gay Awareness Week?
What was Shepard's wallet's honor?
Who is to be arraigned on the same charges on Dec. 2?
What did Cal Rerucha say had been found in a dirty diaper in the kitchen of the Laramie apartment shared by McKinney, Ms. Price and their 4-month-old son?
What did the detective say McKinney had admitted hitting Shepard three times with fists and six times with?
Who was Colo.?
What did McKinney say as in that interview?
What did he indicate?
What did the detective say as they drove through Laramie by?
Who testified that he conducted a tape-recorded interview with McKinney on Oct. 9?
What did Custis also say showed that robbery was no factor?
What did Custis also say a watch and other belongings left at the crime scene showed?
What was he also bruised on?
Who said as they drove through Laramie by McKinney's account?
Who said: ``Dennis and Judy Shepard beat him for $20''?
What was the detective also bruised on?
Who ordered Aaron McKinney?
What has the other suspect waived?
Who was the Albany County prosecutor?
What did he indicate around?
Who was Cameron?
What was by Sgt. Rob Debree?
Who was a 21-year-old freshman at the University?
Whose 4-month-old son was Cameron?
What did Rerucha say: ``beat him for $20''?
Who was also bruised on the backs of his hands?
What did Custis also say?
When does McKinney's account's?
Who sat stoically in Albany County Court as police witnesses provided new details about a crime that produced a national wave of anger at anti-gay violence throughout the hearing?
What was nearby Fort Collins?
What was that the contents of?
Who addressed the judge?
Who did Rerucha say: ``They beat for $20''?
Who indicated that he had tried to protect himself, and around the groin?
What did the detective say as Aaron McKinney drove through Laramie by?
Who found him still alive?
When does it's?
Who is the other suspect?
When did Debree testify that he conducted a tape-recorded interview with McKinney?
Who is 21?
What was your honor?
Who was a visiting county judge?
Who 'res going to get jacked?
Who was Detective Ben Fritzen?
Who said Shepard's wallet had been found in a dirty diaper in the kitchen of the Laramie apartment shared by McKinney, Ms. Price and their 4-month-old son?
What did the detective indicate around?
Who said McKinney had admitted hitting Shepard three times with fists and six times with a stolen revolver?
Who did Robert Denhardt order?
When did Debree testify?
What did an autopsy find that Shepard had been hit in the head?
Who did Rerucha say: ``Dennis and Judy Shepard beat for $20''?
Who did the detective say had admitted hitting Shepard three times with fists and six times with a stolen revolver?
Who was Robert Denhardt?
What did the detective say McKinney had admitted hitting Shepard three times with with a stolen revolver?
Who was 22?
Who was Debree?
Who was Dennis and Judy Shepard?
What did an autopsy find that Shepard had been hit 18 times in?
What was Aaron McKinney?
What was that?
What did Custis also say a watch and other belongings left at the crime scene showed that robbery was?
What did Cal Rerucha say in?
What did a Laramie police officer testify?
What's Gay Awareness Week?
What did the detective say with?
What did an autopsy find in?
Who said: ``They beat him for $20''?
Who was their 4-month-old son?
What did Aaron McKinney drive through?
What had Shepard placed his hand on?
Who said as Aaron McKinney drove through Laramie by McKinney's account?
Who was Dennis and Judy Shepard's 4-month-old son?
Who was the lead investigator for the Albany County Sheriff's Department?
Who did Rerucha address?
What did Cal Rerucha say Shepard's wallet had been found in a dirty diaper in?
Who was Dennis and Judy Shepard parents of?
Who did a Laramie police officer testify that he had interviewed?
What drove through Laramie?
Who was fatally attacked a few hours after he had attended a planning meeting for Gay Awareness Week events on campus?
What was the contents of the wallet?
How many times did the detective say McKinney had admitted hitting Shepard with fists and six times with a stolen revolver?
Who has waived his right to a preliminary hearing?
When was Matthew Shepard fatally attacked after he had attended a planning meeting for Gay Awareness Week events on campus?
Who was the Laramie police officer?
Who drove through Laramie?
Whose account did the detective say as they drove through Laramie by?
Who was Kristen Price?
Who did Rerucha say: ``beat him for $20''?
Who was Dion Custis?
Whose wallet did Cal Rerucha say in?
Whose account did the detective say as Aaron McKinney drove through Laramie by?
What did the detective indicate?
Who is Russell Henderson?
What was $20?
Who was Cal Rerucha?
Who had placed his hand on McKinney's leg?
What did the detective say McKinney had admitted hitting Shepard with fists and six times with a stolen revolver?
What found that Shepard had been hit 18 times in the head?
Who was McKinney's 18-year-old girlfriend?
Who indicated that he had been kicked repeatedly?
Who also said a watch and other belongings left at the crime scene showed that robbery was no factor?
Who did a bicyclist find still alive?
Who testified that he had interviewed Kristen Price?
What did they drive through?
What did police witnesses provide new details about?
Who was Matthew Shepard?
Who was parents of the slain student?
Whose leg had Shepard placed his hand on?
What did Rerucha say: ``Dennis and Judy Shepard beat him for''?
Who 're going to get jacked?
What had Shepard placed on McKinney's leg?
Who found the detective still alive?
How many times did an autopsy find that Shepard had been hit in the head?
What did Rerucha say: ``They beat him for''?
Who had attended a planning meeting for Gay Awareness Week events on campus?
Whose 18-year-old girlfriend was Kristen Price?
What came at a daylong proceeding Thursday?
When did the testimony come at a daylong proceeding?
Who was the testimony by?
Who is Russell Henderson a friend of?
Who was McKinney?
Who provided new details about a crime that produced a national wave of anger at anti-gay violence?
What did Cal Rerucha say Shepard's wallet had been found in in the kitchen of the Laramie apartment shared by McKinney, Ms. Price and their 4-month-old son?
What did police witnesses provide?
What did a public defender for McKinney tell the judge at the hearing for?
What did Debree testify that he conducted on Oct. 9?
What did the testimony come at Thursday?
Whose columns on this subject are ``vibrant with a hatred of the Family Research Council and evangelical Christians?''
What does this subject's at changing the subject?
What is it given?
What do one new tack _ according to a council draft document Matthew 've seen at?''
What is to inform us that more gay men die of AIDS than of bias-related murders _ a nonsensical pairing intended to brand gay men as diseased?
What is these given that these are?
What did the council have to use real ingenuity to prove at?
What are Matthew's columns on this subject ``vibrant with?''
Who is Hadley Arkes?
What slammed a pistol?
What are my columns on this subject ``vibrant with?''
What do one new tack _ according to?''
What is these given?
Who instead attack those who call them on their game?
What are ``vibrant with a hatred of the Family Research Council and evangelical Christians?''
What does they hope?
What did one of the same groups that worked overtime to stigmatize gay people's apologists write in?
Who used completely different methodologies?
Who does Police testimony at a preliminary hearing two weeks ago also indicate that Matthew had not made a pass at?
What is the most pressing question now: Has?
Who was an assistant professor of sociology?
What did the council have to use real ingenuity to prove that they are vermin at'' than from gay-bashers?
What two weeks ago also indicates that Matthew had not made a pass at his assailants?
What was Matthew's head entirely covered with except?
What did Matthew reach?
Whose deputy explained, where he 'd been crying?
What does Police testimony at a preliminary hearing two weeks ago also indicate that Matthew had not made at his assailants?
When goes down?
Whose face did the tears go down?
What instead attack those who call them on their game?
What does it assert that ``The University of Houston-Downtown in a recent study found?
If not even Shepard's death could derail the Family Research Council's ``loving'' crusade against homosexuality what will not stop it now?
Who did not stop them from referring to him repeatedly as ``queer'' and ``faggot''?
When was the beating over?
Who is one of their apologists?
Who does they hope might be intimidated and shut up?
What did one of their apologists write in?
What does the solution assert that ``The University of Houston-Downtown in a recent study found?
When did Matthew's assailants not stop from referring to him repeatedly as ``queer'' and ``faggot''?
What is not easy for them to argue now that their own words have no consequences?
What did the solution turn up in a ``Culture Facts'' newsletter it published only nine days after?
What are most gay Americans?
What did the Family Research Council and evangelical Christians use?
Who cannot be stigmatized en masse with AIDS?
What did Matthew reach the unnamed source of?
What did they slam?
Who wrote in a Wall Street Journal opinion piece?
What did the council have to use to prove that gay women are vermin at ``much greater risk from one another'' than from gay-bashers?
What was entirely covered with blood except?
Who are most people who abhor homophobia are themselves?
What will tell?
What have the same groups that worked overtime to stigmatize gay people mounted a furious propaganda defense to assert in the aftermath of the Wyoming killing?
What went down his face?
What will?
What do FBI figures show that hate?
What show that hate crimes due to ``sexual-orientation bias'' are rising even as the national crime rate goes down?
What is this subject not even?
What did they use?
What has hardly deterred its demonization of gay people as subhuman?
What now is: Has that ugly backdrop changed?
What did I reach the unnamed source of?
What did the tears go down?
What turned up in a ``Culture Facts'' newsletter it published only nine days after Matthew Shepard's death?
Who does the same groups that worked overtime to stigmatize gay people hope might be intimidated and shut up?
What had to use real ingenuity to prove that they are vermin at ``much greater risk from one another'' than from gay-bashers?
What do the same groups that worked overtime to stigmatize gay people instead attack?
What is it given that these are?
What did the solution turn up in after Matthew Shepard's death?
What is it not even?
What do they instead attack?
Who is one of the same groups that worked overtime to stigmatize gay people's apologists?
What was over by the time?
Whose assailants did not stop two weeks from referring to him repeatedly as ``queer'' and ``faggot''?
What has the Shepard killing hardly deterred its demonization of as subhuman?
Who reached the unnamed source of this ``fact'' in Houston _ Lisa Waldner?
What did the council have to use real ingenuity to prove that gay women are vermin at'' than from gay-bashers?
Whose death did the solution turn up in a ``Culture Facts'' newsletter it published only nine days after?
What did I reach?
How many weeks did Matthew's assailants not stop from referring to him repeatedly as ``queer'' and ``faggot''?
What did his assailants not stop from referring to him repeatedly as ``queer'' and ``faggot''?
What does it's at changing the subject?
What is given that these are the same groups that claim the ``pro-gay'' rhetoric of an Ellen DeGeneres or Joycelyn Elders foments homosexuality?
What did the council have to use to prove that they are vermin at ``much greater risk from one another'' than from gay-bashers?
What used completely different methodologies?
What is still posted on its Web site?
Who explained, where he 'd been crying?
What is to inform gay people that more gay men die of AIDS than of bias-related murders _ a nonsensical pairing intended to brand gay men as diseased?
What was Houston _ Lisa Waldner an assistant professor of?
What can gay women not be stigmatized en masse with?
What has the Shepard killing hardly deterred as subhuman?
Who does Police testimony at a preliminary hearing two weeks ago also indicate at?
What went down Matthew's face?
What hopes we might be intimidated and shut up?
Who did his assailants not stop from referring to him repeatedly as ``queer'' and ``faggot''?
Who did not stop two weeks from referring to him repeatedly as ``queer'' and ``faggot''?
What do FBI figures show?
What has the Shepard killing hardly deterred its demonization of gay people as?
What had to use real ingenuity to prove that gay women are vermin at ``much greater risk from one another'' than from gay-bashers?
Who slammed a pistol?
Who hopes we might be intimidated and shut up?
Who was Houston _ Lisa Waldner?
Whose head was entirely covered with blood except?
What do one new tack _ according to a council draft document I 've seen at?''
What is the solution still posted on?
What's a nice try at changing the subject?
What does the same groups that worked overtime to stigmatize gay people hope?
What is not even a quasi-religious organization but a moneyed secular outfit whose leader wants to be president?
What did Mrs. Shepard say ``At, the judge do not think you are worthy of addressing''?
Who recalled, ``One of the judge's eyes was partially open''?
Whose blossoming interest in theater did she recall?
Whose blossoming interest in theater did a gay college student recall?
What was so great that within a month of Matthew's funeral, his paternal grandfather died?
Who was the courtroom the turn of?
What did a gay college student remember with?
Who said that he and his friend got into another fight?
What did a gay college student recall?
Who was Russell Henderson sentenced by for his part in the beating and murder of the student?
Who did Mrs. Shepard say ``At times, do not think you are worthy of addressing''?
What was the second bar?
Who did she recall playing on the floor with his young cousins?
Who said, ``the judge want to thank all the Shepards''?
Who said, ``I have looked into his eyes'' that he is in pain?
What did LARAMIE _ In a case that galvanized national outrage over anti-homosexual violence, a 21-year-old roofer pleaded guilty on Monday to?
How many life sentences was the harsher sentencing alternative?
Who 'mes very sorry for what I did?
What did I return to?
What did he stand at?
Who paused at times to regain her composure as she recalled her son's blossoming interest in theater?
Who turned to the judge?
Who said they went to a second bar?
What did Mrs. Shepard say ``At''?
Who did District Judge Jeffrey Donnell say McKinney noticed?
Who meet strangers?
What do the judge make?
What did Mrs. Shepard say ``At times, the judge do not think you are worthy of''?
What _ In a case that galvanized national outrage over anti-homosexual violence, a 21-year-old roofer pleaded guilty on Monday to kidnapping?
When was the harsher sentencing alternative?
When did Cindy Thompson Dixon freeze to death on a rural road outside of Laramie after a night of drinking?
What did she refer to?
Who was District Judge Jeffrey Donnell?
Who looked them in the eyes?
What did Henderson say into?
Who referred to newspaper accounts of his grandson's expressionless demeanor in court?
Who did Henderson continue ``looked really bad''?
Who did a gay college student say ``was not my son born anymore''?
What did Cindy Thompson Dixon say, ``Russell have looked into his eyes'' in?
What did he say to?
What did he say ``Mr. Henderson you have created hell on earth _ for?''
Who was sentenced by District Judge Jeffrey Donnell for his part in the beating and murder of the student?
Who recalled hugs and late night talks?
What was a position?
Who taught him to sing Row Row Your Boat?
What did she recall?
Whose maternal grandmother who has raised him since he was a baby was Lucy Thompson?
Who has showed us such mercy?
Who said ``At times, the judge do not think you are worthy of addressing''?
Who did Henderson describe his former workmate as from a bar here?
Who recalled bathing his young son?
Who said after parking in an isolated field near a subdivision where Henderson once lived, McKinney ``pulled Matthew out of the truck''?
What did he continue ``I know''?
Who said that she never preached hatred in her household?
What did the judge address?
Whose arm in the hospital provoked an involuntary reaction did a gay college student say in contrast to the warm and trusting son she had known?
Who meets strangers?
Whose home in Saudi Arabia had Mr. and Mrs. Shepard traveled from for the chance to address the court in their native Wyoming?
What did a gay college student say ?
Who said, ``We have prayed for you many, many times''?
What did she say, ``I have looked into his eyes'' in?
What did Cindy Thompson Dixon say that she never preached in her household?
What did his aunts and other relatives hug each other for comfort on?
Who turned his back to the judge?
What did she say, ``I have looked into his eyes'' that he is in?
What was Ms. Price freed on in January?
What was the Matthew Shepard case?
What did Ms. Pasley plead guilty in December to being an accessory after the fact to?
What was the courtroom?
What did Cal Rerucha say ``Mr. Henderson you have created hell on earth _ for?''
Who referred to newspaper accounts of Russell's grandson's expressionless demeanor in court?
What had Mr. and Mrs. Shepard traveled from Matthew's home in Saudi Arabia for?
What did the judge say in, ``My son was born blind''?
Who painted his former roofing workmate as the author of the crime?
Who did Henderson respond to question's by?
Who hugged each other for comfort on a front-row bench?
Who testified, ``a Wyoming coalition of clergy and a national coalition of gay groups was 10 p. m.''?
What was Russell Henderson sentenced by District Judge Jeffrey Donnell for?
Who said, ``This court does not believe you feel any true remorse in this matter?''
When does Ms. Price face a trial on the same charges?
What did Cindy Thompson Dixon freeze to death on after a night of drinking at age 40?
What did Cindy Thompson Dixon freeze to on a rural road outside of Laramie after a night of drinking at age 40?
Who did he say noticed the college student?
What did he say they went to?
When did Wyoming legal experts say there was virtually no chance that Henderson would ever be eligible for parole?
What did Cal Rerucha keep brief after the Shepards?
Who turned to Henderson?
Who make small talk?
Who said that while he drove a gay college student's friend beat Shepard?
Who looked Matthew's parents who sat in the front row of the courtroom in the eyes?
Who said in an impromptu speech, ``My son was born blind''?
Who did the judge continue ``know what I did''?
Who said McKinney noticed the college student?
What did District Judge Jeffrey Donnell say ``a few pitchers of beer'' went to?
Who recalled, ``One of his eyes was partially open''?
What does Ms. Price face in May?
Who did he paint as the author of the crime?
When did Ms. Pasley plead guilty to being an accessory after the fact to first-degree murder?
What did Mrs. Shepard say ``At times, the judge do not think you are''?
Who said that ``Russell has never been a hateful individual?''
Whose friend did Henderson say?
Who said, ``Russell have looked into his eyes'' that he is in pain?
Who did Cal Rerucha keep his remarks brief after?
When did he say that he lied about what he had been doing?
What did Henderson testify in a clear if subdued voice, ``Aaron had mentioned to me''?
Who apologized for murdering a gay college student's 22-year-old son?
What did she say, ``I know'' in?
What is one son?
What could the judge see?
Who had let his hair grow out?
Who addressed Matthew's family?
What did LARAMIE _?
Who did he turn to?
What did Henderson shun?
Who did he say ``_ for a family?''
Who turned to the man who had just pled guilty to murdering her son?
Who saying, ``Mr. and Mrs. Shepard, there is not a day that does not go by that I do not see what happened that night''?
Who do the judge meet?
Who said that McKinney told tim to drive the pickup truck borrowed from McKinney's father?
Who did District Judge Jeffrey Donnell say that McKinney told to drive the pickup truck borrowed from McKinney's father?
What _ murdering a gay college student?
Who said after parking in an isolated field near a subdivision where Henderson once lived, McKinney ``continued to hit him''?
Who was Aaron McKinney?
Who did LARAMIE _ murdering?
Who did the judge say ``are deserving the fullest punishment this court can mete out''?
Who did he turn his back to?
Who said ``At times, I do not think you are worthy of addressing''?
What did she look in the eyes?
What did she say in contrast to the warm and trusting son she had known?
What did the judge say ``District Judge Jeffrey Donnell are this court can mete out''?
Who said, ``Russell know'' that he is in pain?
What did Donnell choose to be served consecutively?
Whose parents who sat in the front row of the courtroom did Cindy Thompson Dixon look in the eyes?
Who continued ``I know what I did''?
What did Wyoming legal experts say on Monday there was?
What did Mrs. Shepard say ``At, I do not think you are worthy of addressing''?
What was it?
Who did she say ``was not my son born anymore''?
Who did District Judge Jeffrey Donnell paint as the author of the crime?
Who did the judge's friends include?
What did the judge say the murder was in a sole reference to Shepard's sexual orientation?
Who was his lawyer?
What could I see?
Who pled guilty in December to being an accessory after the fact to first-degree murder?
Who was District Judge Jeffrey Donnell's lawyer?
What was Wyo.?
Who was Lucy Thompson?
Who rose to speak?
Who continued as the Shepards stared grimly ahead, ``Aaron told me to go get a rope out of the truck''?
What was two life sentences?
Who loves you even though I have never known you?
When was the stress on the Shepard family so great that, Matthew's paternal grandfather died?
Who was District Judge Jeffrey Donnell's maternal grandmother who has raised him since he was a baby?
Who drove?
Who have I never known?
Who drinked another pitcher?
Who did he turn back to?
What did he say that McKinney told tim to drive?
Who did District Judge Jeffrey Donnell paint his former roofing workmate as?
Who recalled her son's blossoming interest in theater?
When did LARAMIE _ In a case that galvanized national outrage over anti-homosexual violence, a 21-year-old roofer pleaded guilty to kidnapping?
Who continued ``Matthew looked really bad''?
Who did he drink?
What did he say in, ``My son was born blind''?
Who said ``Mr. Henderson you have created hell on earth _ for a family?''
Who faces sentencing?
Who described his former workmate as the mastermind of the Oct. 6 kidnapping of Shepard from a bar here?
What did Henderson hope to earn?
What did the judge stand at?
What was the Fireside?
When was Ms. Price freed on bond?
What did the judge say ``District Judge Jeffrey Donnell are deserving the fullest punishment can mete out''?
Who said that he lied about what he had been doing earlier that evening?
Whose friends included gays and so-called straights?
Who did his friends include?
Who was Wyatt Skaggs?
Who remembered that the last time she saw the judge he was covered with bandages and wired with tubes in an intensive care unit of a Fort Collins hospital?
What did she say in that ``such an act of cruelty was unthinkable?''
What did Henderson say that a gay college student got into?
Who did he say McKinney noticed?
Who was the trial of a second man accused in the case the turn of?
Who did Mrs. Shepard say ``At times, I do not think are worthy of addressing''?
Whose mother was Cindy Thompson Dixon?
Who did District Judge Jeffrey Donnell say went to a second bar?
Whose family did the judge address?
When did District Judge Jeffrey Donnell say that he lied about what he had been doing?
What was the turn of Lucy Thompson?
Who hit me above the mouth?
What did she say ?
Who do the judge love even though I have never known you?
Who hoped to earn a slim chance of one day?
When was the stress on the Shepard family so great that, his paternal grandfather died?
What did Cindy Thompson Dixon say, ``Russell have looked into his eyes'' that he is in?
Who said the murder was part because of his lifestyle in a sole reference to Shepard's sexual orientation?
Whose family did he address?
Who did Henderson describe as the mastermind of the Oct. 6 kidnapping of Shepard from a bar here?
Who did she say ``He was not''?
Who 'm very sorry for what I did?
What did Henderson say that he and his friend got into?
Whose lawyer was Wyatt Skaggs?
What did the case propel the issue of onto magazine covers?
Who continued, ``Aaron McKinney, he pulled out a gun and told Matthew Shepard to give him his wallet''?
Who kept his remarks brief after the Shepards?
What did Cindy Thompson Dixon say in?
Who shunned the skinhead look he favored at the time of his arrest?
When did Cindy Thompson Dixon freeze to death on a rural road outside of Laramie at age 40?
Whose paternal grandfather was the stress on the Shepard family so great within?
What did LARAMIE _ In?
What did a gay college student remember that the last time she saw the judge with?
Who did Henderson turn to?
What did the judge continue ?
Who was it the turn of?
Who described a ``loving and kind'' side to her grandson?
What did Cindy Thompson Dixon look Matthew's parents who sat in the front row of the courtroom in?
Who was my confidante?
What did Henderson testify in, ``Aaron had mentioned to me that he wanted to take him out and rob him''?
Who did he say that McKinney told to drive the pickup truck borrowed from McKinney's father?
Who was Cindy Thompson Dixon?
What did Henderson continue ?
Who did a gay college student say ``the judge was not''?
Who did Mr. McKinney hit above the mouth?
Who chose the harsher sentencing alternative to be served consecutively?
Who turned back to Donnell?
Who did he paint his former roofing workmate as?
Who did she recall him playing on the floor with?
What did District Judge Jeffrey Donnell say?
What did the judge say ``District Judge Jeffrey Donnell are deserving the fullest punishment''?
Who was caught by a Laramie police man?
Who did Mrs. Shepard say ``At times, the judge do not think are worthy of addressing''?
What did she look them in?
Who was his former workmate?
What was politics and international cultures?
Who was my first?
What could I see the clear blue of?
Who did the judge turn his back to?
What did he address?
Who said, ``I know'' that he is in pain?
What did Cindy Thompson Dixon refer to?
What did the case propel the issue of violence against gays onto?
What did the judge say was part because of his lifestyle in a sole reference to Shepard's sexual orientation?
What did he turn to the judge?
Who was a baby?
What was my son?
Who have the judge never known?
Who faces a trial on the same charges in May?
What was part because of the judge's lifestyle?
Who is the victim here?
What did Mrs. Shepard pause at times to regain as she recalled her son's blossoming interest in theater?
Who did the judge turn back to?
Who turned to the defendant?
Who returned to the pickup truck?
When did Henderson hope to earn a slim chance?
Who was his maternal grandmother who has raised him since he was a baby?
What did Henderson respond to by his lawyer?
What had Mr. and Mrs. Shepard traveled from for the chance to address the court in their native Wyoming?
Who turned to Judy and Dennis Shepard?
What did his aunts and other relatives hug each other for on a front-row bench?
Who did the judge teach to sing Row Row bathing's Boat?
Who said in disbelief that ``such an act of cruelty was unthinkable?''
Who did Mrs. Shepard turn to?
Who testified, ``recent weeks decided to go out to a bar''?
Who said ``a few pitchers of beer'' went to a second bar?
Who have never known you?
What was Henderson dressed soberly in?
What did a gay college student say in that ``such an act of cruelty was unthinkable?''
What spoke out against applying the death penalty in the Matthew Shepard case recent weeks said was in harmony with their wider opposition to capital punishment in recent weeks?
What was so great that within a month of Matthew's funeral, Matthew's paternal grandfather died?
What did Cindy Thompson Dixon describe?
What had Mr. and Mrs. Shepard traveled from their home in Saudi Arabia for?
Who was Russell's mother?
Who vowed, ``We will not allow you to kill our family''?
What did Henderson say?
What did she say that she never preached hatred in?
Who testified, ``me and Aaron decided to go out to a bar''?
What had the packed courtroom scarcely absorbed?
What did she remember that the last time she saw him with?
What did Mrs. Shepard say ``At times, I do not think''?
Who was Russell?
What was the trial of a second man accused in the case?
Who continued?
What did the judge say ``You are deserving the fullest punishment can mete out''?
What does Ms. Pasley face?
Who has never known you?
What did his aunts and other relatives hug for comfort on a front-row bench?
Who could see the clear blue of his eye?
What did the judge say ``You are deserving the fullest punishment''?
Who did District Judge Jeffrey Donnell say noticed the college student?
What did she say in?
Who said, ``This court does not believe Russell Henderson feel any true remorse in this matter?''
Who did he teach to sing Row Row Your Boat?
Who did she remember that the last time she saw he was covered with bandages and wired with tubes in an intensive care unit of a Fort Collins hospital?
Who have showed a gay college student such mercy?
Who love you even though I have never known you?
Who do I meet?
Who said, ``You helped to sink that boat''?
What did Henderson have let grow out?
Who was my friend?
Who was dressed soberly in black pants, a gray shirt, and a black and white paisely tie?
Who was the student?
What spoke out against applying the death penalty in the Matthew Shepard case they said was in harmony with their wider opposition to capital punishment in recent weeks?
Who said ``He was not my son born anymore''?
Who spoke?
What was Row Row Your Boat?
What did the judge continue ``I know''?
What did the judge say the murder was part because of in a sole reference to Shepard's sexual orientation?
What did District Judge Jeffrey Donnell say that McKinney told tim to drive?
What did she say that touching his arm in the hospital provoked an involuntary reaction, ``He began to shake and quiver'' in she had known?
What did Mrs. Shepard say ``At times, I do not think you are worthy of''?
When did Mrs. Shepard pause to regain her composure as she recalled her son's blossoming interest in theater?
What was not there any more?
What did a gay college student say in contrast to the warm and trusting son she had known?
Whose former workmate was Aaron McKinney?
Who apologized for murdering their 22-year-old son?
What did Russell Henderson escape?
What did Cindy Thompson Dixon say that she never preached hatred in?
Who is not two?
What did the judge turn to the judge?
What was the turn of Mr. and Mrs. Shepard?
Who was he?
What was Row Row bathing's Boat?
What was ``Twinkle Little Star'' and other nursery rhymes?
Who said, ``I want to thank all the Shepards''?
What did LARAMIE _ In, a 21-year-old roofer pleaded guilty on Monday to kidnapping?
Who looked drawn?
Who taught him to sing Row Row bathing's Boat?
Who froze to death on a rural road outside of Laramie after a night of drinking at age 40?
Who did he continue ``know what I did''?
Who did she turn to?
Who stood at the same podium?
Who am ready to pay for what I did?
What was part because of his lifestyle?
What did Cindy Thompson Dixon say, ``Russell know'' in?
Who had traveled from Matthew's home in Saudi Arabia for the chance to address the court in their native Wyoming?
Who said on Monday there was virtually no chance that Henderson would ever be eligible for parole?
What did District Judge Jeffrey Donnell say to?
Who did Cal Rerucha turn to?
Who is Mr. Henderson?
What did the judge say ?
What do I make?
What did Mrs. Shepard say ``At times, the judge do not think''?
What did he say went to a second bar?
What did she say that she never preached in her household?
What did he teach him to sing?
What did he say?
Who responded to question's by his lawyer?
Who said ``the judge was not my son born anymore''?
Who escaped a possible death sentence?
What did the judge say the murder was part because of his lifestyle in?
What did she say, ``I know'' that he is in?
Who said ``District Judge Jeffrey Donnell are deserving the fullest punishment this court can mete out''?
Who vowed, ``Matthew's parents who sat in the front row of the courtroom will not allow the judge to kill our family''?
Who remembered that the last time she saw him he was covered with bandages and wired with tubes in an intensive care unit of a Fort Collins hospital?
Who was Cal Rerucha?
What did the case propel onto magazine covers?
Who had traveled from their home in Saudi Arabia for the chance to address the court in their native Wyoming?
Who was freed on bond in January?
What had scarcely absorbed this appeal?
Who did Cal Rerucha say ``_ for a family?''
What did Mr. McKinney hit me above?
Who did Cindy Thompson Dixon turn to?
What propelled the issue of violence against gays onto magazine covers?
What did the judge say in a sole reference to Shepard's sexual orientation?
What was sentenced to serve two consecutive life sentences?
Who was Russell Henderson's former workmate?
What did the judge say ``You are this court can mete out''?
What was my friend?
Who was Matthew Shepard?
Who did she look in the eyes?
What did she describe?
Who was a loyal follower?
What did he continue ?
Who testified in a clear if subdued voice, ``Aaron had mentioned to me that he wanted to take him out and rob him''?
Who was he caught by?
What was theater?
Who was my constant reminder of how good life can be?
Who did LARAMIE _ In a case that galvanized national outrage over anti-homosexual violence, pleaded guilty on Monday to kidnapping?
Who did Henderson say that while he drove a gay college student's friend beat?
Who recalled him playing on the floor with his young cousins?
What did Henderson describe his former workmate as the mastermind of the Oct. 6 kidnapping of Shepard from here?
What _ short or tall; black, brown or white; religion or ethnic backgrounds?
Who did District Judge Jeffrey Donnell drink?
Who was the Albany County attorney?
What were to begin in the case?
Who did the judge turn to?
Who did she remember that the last time she saw him was covered with bandages and wired with tubes in an intensive care unit of a Fort Collins hospital?
Who added, ``Sometimes friends would take advantage of his loyalties''?
What could the judge see the clear blue of?
When was the stress on the Shepard family so great?
Who stared grimly ahead?
Who testified, ``It was 10 p. m.''?
What was LARAMIE?
What did Mrs. Shepard say ``At times, I do not think you are''?
What did Cindy Thompson Dixon say, ``Russell know'' that he is in?
Who was District Judge Jeffrey Donnell caught by?
What did she remember with?
Who did Cindy Thompson Dixon look in the eyes?
Who said ``You are deserving the fullest punishment this court can mete out''?
Who did he say went to a second bar?
Who said that while he drove his friend beat Shepard?
Who spoke first?
What was part for a $20 robbery?
Who is ready to pay for what I did?
Who makes small talk?
Who included gays and so-called straights?
Who do I love even though I have never known you?
What do not physically blind, but blind to people's differences _ short or tall;?
What did the judge teach him to sing?
Who said that a gay college student got into another fight?
Who did Henderson say that while he drove his friend beat?
When did Wyoming legal experts say?
What did this winter kill?
What did it seem that the nation would be awakened to the virulence of anti-gay beliefs that partly propelled this murder in the days and weeks after?
What did one Republican leader in the Wyoming Senate say, ``Henderson's feeling right now is that the committee is tired of discussing bias crimes'' in?
What did Monday seem that the nation would be awakened to the virulence of anti-gay beliefs in the days and weeks after the murder?
When does the fact remain that anti-gay violence accounted for more than 1,100 reported hate crimes in this country?
Whose weak apology did Judge Jeffrey Donnell dismiss?
Who will spend the rest of his life in prison the sentence of two consecutive life terms makes it virtually certain?
Who will Henderson have to testify against?
What did it seem that the nation would be awakened to the virulence of anti-gay beliefs that partly propelled in the days and weeks after the murder?
Who is Aaron McKinney?
Who is the co-defendant who will be tried for capital murder this summer?
Who will have to testify against Aaron McKinney?
What is Matthew Shepard?
What will he spend the sentence of two consecutive life terms makes it virtually certain?
What did he dismiss?
What did it seem that the nation would be awakened to that partly propelled this murder in the days and weeks after the murder?
What are appropriate responses to this criminal act?
Where did anti-gay bias measures also die?
What did one Republican leader in the Wyoming Senate say, ``My feeling right now is that the committee is tired of discussing bias crimes'' in?
What will Henderson spend the rest of the sentence of two consecutive life terms makes the possibility of the death penalty virtually certain?
What did Judge Jeffrey Donnell say in Monday?
Who was the pain you have caused here?
What would the bill have increased for those convicted of crimes motivated by bias?
What would the bill have increased penalties for?
Who said in court Monday?
What has the old prejudice that homosexuals are not discriminated against and do not warrant ``special'' protection resurfaced in in a very short time?
When killed an effort to pass the state's first hate-crimes bill?
What will Henderson spend the rest of his life in prison the sentence of two consecutive life terms makes the possibility of virtually certain?
What must state and national officials still show in creating laws that send an unmistakable message that such hatred will not be tolerated in this society?
What will Henderson spend the rest of his life in prison the sentence of two consecutive life terms makes virtually certain?
What does the fact remain that anti-gay violence accounted for in 1997?
When has the old prejudice that homosexuals are not discriminated against and do not warrant ``special'' protection resurfaced in a backlash?
Who will he have to testify against?
Who will he spend the rest of his life in prison the sentence of two consecutive life terms saves from the possibility of the death penalty?
What seemed that the nation would be awakened to the virulence of anti-gay beliefs that partly propelled this murder in the days and weeks after the murder?
What are the conviction of one man and the trial of another for his murder?
What will Henderson spend the rest of the sentence of two consecutive life terms saves Henderson from the possibility of the death penalty?
Who is it not yet clear against?
When did Judge Jeffrey Donnell say in court?
What did Monday seem that the nation would be awakened to that partly propelled this murder in the days and weeks after the murder?
Whose weak apology did he dismiss?
What remains that anti-gay violence accounted for more than 1,100 reported hate crimes in this country in 1997?
What is not yet clear whether he will have to testify against Aaron McKinney?
What has resurfaced in a backlash in a very short time?
Who must still show leadership in creating laws that send an unmistakable message that such hatred will not be tolerated in this society?
What is not yet clear whether Henderson will have to testify against Aaron McKinney?
Who is the sentence of two consecutive life terms not yet clear against?
Who said, ``Henderson's feeling right now is that the committee is tired of discussing bias crimes'' in an appallingly callous explanation of the defeat?
What did anti-gay bias measures also die in?
What did Monday seem that the nation would be awakened to the virulence of anti-gay beliefs that partly propelled in the days and weeks after the murder?
Who will Henderson spend the rest of his life in prison the sentence of two consecutive life terms saves from the possibility of the death penalty?
What do lawmakers in Wyoming and in other states seem quite willing to forget?
When did it seem that the nation would be awakened to the virulence of anti-gay beliefs that partly propelled this murder after the murder?
What will he spend the sentence of two consecutive life terms saves Henderson from the possibility of the death penalty?
What will Henderson spend the rest of his life in prison saves Henderson from the possibility of the death penalty?
When did Monday seem that the nation would be awakened to the virulence of anti-gay beliefs that partly propelled this murder after the murder?
Who seem quite willing to forget what happened?
What also died in other mountain states?
Who was the pain Judge Jeffrey Donnell have caused here?
What will he spend the rest of the sentence of two consecutive life terms saves Henderson from the possibility of the death penalty?
What will he spend the rest of his life in prison makes it virtually certain?
Who will spend the rest of his life in prison the sentence of two consecutive life terms saves Henderson from the possibility of the death penalty?
What will he spend the rest of the sentence of two consecutive life terms makes it virtually certain?
What did it seem that the nation would be awakened to the virulence of anti-gay beliefs in the days and weeks after the murder?
What did it seem to in the days and weeks after the murder?
Who dismissed the defendant's weak apology?
What did Monday seem to in the days and weeks after the murder?
What did one Republican leader in the Wyoming Senate say, ``My feeling right now is'' in an appallingly callous explanation of the defeat?
Who will spend the rest of his life in prison the sentence of two consecutive life terms makes the possibility of the death penalty virtually certain?
What will Henderson spend the rest of his life in prison makes the possibility of the death penalty virtually certain?
What does the fact remain for?
Who said, ``My feeling right now is that the committee is tired of discussing bias crimes'' in an appallingly callous explanation of the defeat?
What will he spend the rest of his life in prison saves Henderson from the possibility of the death penalty?
What will he spend the rest of his life in prison the sentence of two consecutive life terms saves Henderson from?
What would have increased penalties for those convicted of crimes motivated by bias?
When seemed that the nation would be awakened to the virulence of anti-gay beliefs that partly propelled this murder in the days and weeks after the murder?
What did one Republican leader in the Wyoming Senate say, ``Henderson's feeling right now is'' in an appallingly callous explanation of the defeat?
Who is just one more grim statistic?
What was Henderson?
What will Henderson spend the sentence of two consecutive life terms makes the possibility of the death penalty virtually certain?
What will Henderson spend the rest of his life in prison the sentence of two consecutive life terms saves Henderson from?
What did Monday seem that the nation would be awakened to the virulence of anti-gay beliefs that partly propelled this murder in the days and weeks after?
What are the conviction of one man and the trial of another for Matthew Shepard's murder?
What will Henderson spend the sentence of two consecutive life terms saves Henderson from the possibility of the death penalty?
What did Judge Jeffrey Donnell dismiss?
What will he spend the rest of his life in prison the sentence of two consecutive life terms makes virtually certain?
What passed the Assembly Wednesday with a 55-17 vote?
What must a prosecutor prove the victim was intentionally killed because of under the Knox bill?
What were 112 gay-related hate crimes?
What is the National Gay and Lesbian Task Force tracking several in?
What would Knox's bill instead increase the penalty from the current 25 years to because of his own objections and concerns from gays and lesbians?
Who offered an amendment Wednesday to add the death penalty to the bill?
When have more than 450 bills been introduced in legislatures around the country on issues important to gays and lesbians?
Who could people not charge with special circumstances?
When would Knox's bill instead increase the penalty to life in prison because of his own objections and concerns from gays and lesbians?
What have been introduced in legislatures around the country this year on issues important to gays and lesbians?
What have more than 450 bills been introduced in this year on issues important to gays and lesbians?
What does his measure now move to?
What does Assemblyman Wally Knox's measure now move to?
What did the most conservative Republicans see the legislation as tough on?
What would Knox's bill instead increase the penalty from the current 25 years to because of Assemblyman Wally Knox's own objections and concerns from gays and lesbians?
How many people did the California Department of Justice say had been murdered in the state between 1995 and 1997 as a result of hate crimes?
When did the California Department of Justice say 10 people had been murdered in the state as a result of hate crimes?
What now moves to the Senate?
What would Knox's bill instead increase from the current 25 years to life in prison because of his own objections and concerns from gays and lesbians?
What would SACRAMENTO get beefed up for murderers of gays, lesbians and the disabled under?
What did the most conservative Republicans see as tough on crime?
What could people not charge with special circumstances?
What did the California Department of Justice say 10 people had been murdered in the state between 1995 and 1997 as?
Who was turned down by the Democrat-controlled Assembly?
What does current California law require a sentence of life in prison without?
When would Knox's bill instead increase the penalty to life in prison because of Assemblyman Wally Knox's own objections and concerns from gays and lesbians?
Who saw the legislation as tough on crime?
Who must prove the victim was intentionally killed because of his or her actual or ``perceived'' disability, gender or sexual orientation under the Knox bill?
What would get beefed up for murderers of gays, lesbians and the disabled under a measure approved by the Assembly with strong Republican support?
How many gay-related hate crimes were none of them murders?
What is Wyo.?
Where is the National Gay and Lesbian Task Force tracking several?
What must be an actual cause or substantial factor in prompting the killing?
Who would SACRAMENTO get beefed up for under a measure approved by the Assembly with strong Republican support?
What must the bias be?
What would instead increase the penalty from the current 25 years to life in prison because of his own objections and concerns from gays and lesbians?
What would Knox's bill instead increase the penalty from the current 25 years to life in prison because of?
Who were gay or lesbian?
What got the support from some of the most conservative Republicans?
What have more than 450 bills been introduced in legislatures around the country this year on?
What was one Republican Assemblyman Jim Cunneen of?
What could not charge them with special circumstances?
Who could they not charge with special circumstances?
What could people not charge them with?
What did his measure pass the Assembly Wednesday with?
What was not available?
What did the bill get from some of the most conservative Republicans?
What did one Republican offer an amendment Wednesday to add the death penalty to?
What could they not charge them with?
What was one Republican turned down by?
What did one Republican offer an amendment Wednesday to add to the bill?
What did the California Department of Justice say 10 people had been murdered in between 1995 and 1997 as a result of hate crimes?
Whose measure now moves to the Senate?
Whose measure passed the Assembly Wednesday with a 55-17 vote?
What must a prosecutor prove the victim was intentionally killed because of his or her actual or ``perceived'' disability, gender or sexual orientation under?
What said 10 people had been murdered in the state between 1995 and 1997 as a result of hate crimes?
What is Laramie?
What did the bill get the support from?
What were gay or lesbian?
What did the California Department of Justice say had been murdered in the state between 1995 and 1997 as a result of hate crimes?
What must a prosecutor prove because of under the Knox bill?
What did the California Department of Justice say in?
How many bills have been introduced in legislatures around the country this year on issues important to gays and lesbians?
Whose bill would instead increase the penalty from the current 25 years to life in prison because of his own objections and concerns from gays and lesbians?
What were none of them murders?
What would instead increase the penalty from the current 25 years to life in prison because of Assemblyman Wally Knox's own objections and concerns from gays and lesbians?
Who must a prosecutor prove was intentionally killed because of his or her actual or ``perceived'' disability, gender or sexual orientation under the Knox bill?
Who could not charge them with special circumstances?
Who was one Republican?
Whose own objections and concerns from gays and lesbians would Knox's bill instead increase the penalty from the current 25 years to life in prison because of?
What did Assemblyman Wally Knox's measure pass the Assembly Wednesday with?
Who is tracking several in California?
What could they not charge with special circumstances?
Who was Assemblyman Jim Cunneen of San Jose?
Who was he found by?
Who was Shepard's mother?
What were McKinney's relatives?
What was far from filled?
Who have Wyoming, Idaho, Colorado and Ohio each put to death?
What was made up of mostly reporters?
Who was 21?
What did Tangeman argue to?
Who was Judy?
Who conceded that McKinney was responsible for Shepard's death in Judy's opening arguments?
What does Wyoming remain with no hate-crime laws?
When did Shepard live only at the hospital?
Who encountered Shepard at the Fireside Lounge?
What did Tangeman argue that McKinney's past, as well as his poor judgment, led him to?
What is important?
What did Shepard live only four more days at?
Who were including Judy's father?
How many days did Shepard live only at the hospital?
What did the case become to expand hate-crime measures, but fewer than half the states have passed such measures?
What did jurors encounter Shepard at?
What did Tangeman say?
What did he and Henderson encounter Shepard at?
What did Rerucha present a chronology for the night of Oct. 6 from the Fireside Lounge to?
If defense lawyers can show the killing evolved from a moment of passion or rage, what may they persuade to find the defendant guilty of a lesser charge?
If prosecutors can prove malicious intent and premeditation, what do they have?
What was Cal Rerucha the prosecutor for Albany County of?
What did he live only four more days at?
If defense lawyers can show the killing evolved from a moment of passion or rage, who may they persuade the jury to find?
What was Shepard beaten more than 20 times on?
Who said the older boy threatened to spread the word that McKinney was a homosexual?
Who was Judy's father?
What does Wyoming remain one of eight states with?
What began as the two drove Shepard around town and continued at the fence?
Who did Tangeman say threatened to spread the word that McKinney was a homosexual?
Who was found by a bicyclist 18 hours later?
What did McKinney at 15 have?
Whose father were McKinney's relatives?
What was Russell Henderson sentenced to?
Whose past, as well as his poor judgment, did Tangeman argue to?
Who lived only four more days at the hospital?
Who was one of Kinney's court-appointed lawyers?
What drove continued at the fence?
What did the case become a rallying cry for states and the federal government to expand hate-crime measures, but fewer than half?
What ruled in 1976 that capital punishment was constitutional?
What did last week drop provisions of a bill that would have expanded the definition of hate crimes to include?
Whose relatives were including his father?
What drove Shepard around town?
Who was his father?
Whose relatives were including Judy's father?
Who had a consensual sexual encounter with a male cousin?
What was he sentenced to?
Who pleaded guilty to murder this spring to avoid a death penalty?
Who told the jury?
What did the case become a rallying cry for states and the federal government to expand hate-crime measures, but fewer than half have passed such measures?
Whose court-appointed lawyers was Jason Tangeman one of?
Who was Shepard found by?
When did Henderson plead guilty to murder to avoid a death penalty?
What was magnum handgun tied to?
What did the case become a rallying cry for states and the federal government to expand the states have passed such measures?
Who did the jury of 12 and four alternates hear a different rationale for the killing from?
Who was Jason Tangeman?
Whose death did Jason Tangeman concede that McKinney was responsible for in his opening arguments?
Who argued that McKinney's past, as well as his poor judgment, led him to drug addiction and alcohol abuse?
Who was Shepard portrayed as in Tangeman's version?
What heard a different rationale for the killing from Cal Rerucha?
What said that McKinney and a friend fully intended to murder Shepard after kidnapping him and robbing him?
Whose father was Bill McKinney?
Whose death did Jason Tangeman concede that McKinney was responsible for in Judy's opening arguments?
What did Tangeman say the older boy threatened to spread?
What did the case attract?
What did Henderson plead guilty to this spring to avoid a death penalty?
What each have put to death only one prisoner?
Who are seeking a death penalty for McKinney for that?
Whose death did Jason Tangeman concede for in his opening arguments?
Who was beaten more than 20 times on the head with a. 357- magnum handgun?
What did last week drop provisions of to include crimes motivated by victim's sexual orientation?
Who was the audience made up of?
What inclined to use it?
What did Jason Tangeman concede that McKinney was responsible for Shepard's death in?
What became a rallying cry for states and the federal government to pass?
If prosecutors can prove malicious intent and premeditation, who have a better chance of winning a death sentence?
Whose mother sat with several friends opposite several of McKinney's relatives?
What is Wyoming?
When did Tangeman tell jurors?
Who encountered Shepard at a local bar?
What did Albany County say?
Who was the prosecutor for Albany County of $20?
What was tied to a fence on an isolated prairie road?
Who sat with several friends opposite several of McKinney's relatives?
Who was sentenced to two consecutive life terms with no chance of parole?
What did the case become to pass?
What did Jason Tangeman concede that McKinney was responsible for in his opening arguments?
If defense lawyers can show the killing evolved from a moment of passion or rage, what may they persuade the jury to find the defendant of?
Whose mother was Judy?
What was Shepard?
Who did McKinney and Henderson encounter at the Fireside Lounge?
Who presented a chronology for the night of Oct. 6 from the Fireside Lounge to the beatings?
What did Jason Tangeman concede that McKinney was responsible for in Judy's opening arguments?
Who was Jason Tangeman one of?
How many times was Shepard beaten on the head with a. 357- magnum handgun?
What did the jury of 12 and four alternates hear from Cal Rerucha?
What is Wyoming one of?
What did the Supreme Court rule in 1976?
Whose opening arguments did Jason Tangeman concede that McKinney was responsible for Shepard's death in?
What did the case become a rallying cry for states and the federal government to expand hate-crime measures, but fewer than half the states have passed?
What did Jason Tangeman concede for in his opening arguments?
What did Jason Tangeman concede for in Judy's opening arguments?
What does Wyoming remain one of with no hate-crime laws?
What are prosecutors seeking for that?
When did Rerucha present a chronology to the beatings?
When dropped provisions of a bill that would have expanded the definition of hate crimes to include crimes motivated by victim's sexual orientation?
Who was Cal Rerucha?
Who did Tangeman argue that McKinney's past, as well as his poor judgment, led to drug addiction and alcohol abuse?
What has only two inmates on death row?
What attracted wide attention?
What do one of the least incline to use?
What did McKinney and Henderson encounter Shepard at?
What did Shepard's mother sit with several friends opposite?
Even if prosecutors put on an air-tight case what might be difficult to win a death sentence?
What did the two drive Shepard around?
What did the two drive continued at?
When was Shepard beaten on the head with a. 357- magnum handgun?
If prosecutors can prove malicious intent and premeditation, what have a better chance of winning a death sentence?
Where did McKinney and Henderson encounter Shepard?
Who conceded that McKinney was responsible for Shepard's death in his opening arguments?
Who were including his father?
When did he live only at the hospital?
How many inmates on death row does Wyoming have?
What did Rerucha present for the night of Oct. 6 from the Fireside Lounge to the beatings?
What is one of 38 states that have a death penalty?
Who does Wyoming have?
What did Tangeman tell?
Whose death did Jason Tangeman concede for in Judy's opening arguments?
How many days did he live only at the hospital?
What are prosecutors seeking a death penalty for McKinney for?
Who was Bill McKinney?
When did the Supreme Court rule that capital punishment was constitutional?
Who was the friend?
What remains one of eight states with no hate-crime laws?
Who left to die?
What became a rallying cry for states and the federal government to expand hate-crime measures, but fewer than half the states have passed such measures?
What did last week drop to include crimes motivated by victim's sexual orientation?
What did Henderson plead guilty to murder this spring to avoid?
What have Wyoming, Idaho, Colorado and Ohio each put to only one prisoner?
Who was Russell Henderson?
Who did Shepard's mother sit with opposite several of McKinney's relatives?
Who ruled that that argument amounted to a diminished-capacity or temporary-insanity defense?
What did Aaron McKinney of murder, kidnapping and robbery's lawyers hope to raise a type of?
What had sexual abuse in childhood caused Aaron McKinney of murder, kidnapping and robbery to respond in to the victim's alleged homosexual advances?
What has a jury now convicted Aaron McKinney of murder, kidnapping and robbery in?
Who has a jury now convicted in the case?
What did the other defendant plead guilty to earlier?
What does Voigt's ruling leave open?
What did McKinney admit?
Whose alleged homosexual advances had sexual abuse in childhood caused Aaron McKinney of murder, kidnapping and robbery to respond in a rage to?
What is that quite from allowing anti-gay hatred to be employed as an affirmative defense for criminal acts?
What did the presiding judge rule that it amounted to?
Who should not be held fully responsible for acts triggered by his own homophobia in other words?
What did the presiding judge reject as inadmissible at trial?
What has been invoked in other cases?
Who is serving two life sentences?
What did the presiding judge reject that argument as inadmissible at?
What did the presiding judge rule that that argument amounted to?
What is that the attacker becomes so offended by what he perceives as a sexual advance that he is provoked to kill the victim?
What would childhood abuse clearly be relevant in?
Who had sexual abuse in childhood caused to respond in a rage to the victim's alleged homosexual advances?
What is that the attacker becomes so offended by what Barton Voigt perceives as a sexual advance that he is provoked to kill the victim?
What did the presiding judge rule to?
What is quite a different matter from allowing anti-gay hatred to be employed as an affirmative defense for criminal acts?
What could Aaron McKinney of murder, kidnapping and robbery face?
What should the attacker not be held fully responsible for in other words?
Who hoped to raise a type of ``gay panic'' defense?
What has it been invoked in?
What did his lawyers hope to raise a type of?
When is the other defendant serving?
Who was the other defendant?
Who could face the death penalty?
Whose alleged homosexual advances did they argue only of in their opening statements?
What has no statutory basis?
Whose alleged homosexual advances had sexual abuse in childhood caused him to respond in a rage to?
What did they argue only of in their opening statements?
Who admitted that he had committed the attack?
What has now convicted Aaron McKinney of murder, kidnapping and robbery in the case?
What had sexual abuse in childhood caused him to respond in to the victim's alleged homosexual advances?
What had caused him to respond in a rage to the victim's alleged homosexual advances?
What does the ``gay panic'' defense have?
What did McKinney admit that he had committed?
Who did the presiding judge reject that argument as at trial?
What is the diminished-capacity or temporary-insanity defense allowed under?
What has a jury now convicted Aaron McKinney of in the case?
Who pleaded guilty to murder and kidnapping earlier?
Who rejected that argument as inadmissible at trial?
What had sexual abuse in childhood caused Aaron McKinney of murder, kidnapping and robbery to respond in a rage to?
Who was the presiding judge?
What leaves open the possibility that testimony about McKinney's childhood sexual abuse could be presented in the penalty phase of the case?
What could he face?
Whose ruling leaves open the possibility that testimony about McKinney's childhood sexual abuse could be presented in the penalty phase of the case?
What did Aaron McKinney of murder, kidnapping and robbery's lawyers hope to raise?
What did his lawyers hope to raise?
What should the attacker not be held fully responsible for acts triggered by his own homophobia in?
Who was Barton Voigt?
What is the argument as?
What is allowed under Wyoming law?
What has ``gay panic'' defense been invoked in?
How many life sentences is the other defendant serving?
What had sexual abuse in childhood caused him to respond in a rage to?
What would clearly be relevant in sentencing deliberations?
Who was Russell Henderson?
What had caused Aaron McKinney of murder, kidnapping and robbery to respond in a rage to the victim's alleged homosexual advances?
Who ruled that it amounted to a diminished-capacity or temporary-insanity defense?
What would the new measure add because of their gender, sexual orientation or disabilities to the covered crimes while eliminating the protected-right requirement?
Who cited reports that hate crimes against gays and lesbians are on the rise?
Who was a college student whose beating death stemmed from the fact that he was a homosexual?
What are so odious that an extra measure of protection is demanded by us so that can never again be repeated among us?
Who accused Republican opponents of the measure of blockig its passage ``because many people are uncomfortable with that?''
What do 20 have?
Who added, ``We have to got to send a message somewhere''?
What did he accuse Republican opponents of?''
What does current federal law permit federal prosecution of only if it is believed to be motivated by the victim's race, color, religion or national origin?
Who was 21?
Who added, ``I want to express my personal appreciation'' to the Shepards for coming here to lobby for the measure?
What did the father of Matthew Shepard urge Congress Monday to adopt legislation that would extend federal hate-crime protection to gays and lesbians _ Flanked by Republican lawmakers?
What have eight states no hate?
Who lured Matthew Shepard out of a bar on Oct. 6,1998?
Who were convicted?
Who said at the White House, ``attacks against people must pass strong hate-crimes legislation?''
When did Dennis and Judy Shepard meet with White House Chief of Staff John Podesta and Attorney General Janet Reno in addition to meeting with lawmakers?
Who urged Congress Monday to adopt legislation that would extend federal hate-crime protection to gays and lesbians WASHINGTON _ Flanked by Republican lawmakers?
Who must the assailant have intended to prevent from exercising a federally protected right in addition?
Who is really pro-life as you say so often in so many debates?
What would the new measure add attacks against people because of their gender, sexual orientation or disabilities to?
What was left to die because he is gay?
Who met Monday with White House Chief of Staff John Podesta and Attorney General Janet Reno in addition to meeting with lawmakers?
Who died five days later?
What did he say, ``If you are really pro-life as you say so often in so many debates, _''?
What our federal government to put resources into the hands of people best suited to combat?
What was the bar tied him to?
What was Matthew Shepard?
What permits federal prosecution of a hate crime only if it is believed to be motivated by the victim's race, color, religion or national origin?
What to put resources into the hands of people best suited to combat these crimes _ local law enforcement agencies?
Who did the father of Matthew Shepard urge Congress Monday to adopt legislation that would extend federal hate-crime protection to gays and lesbians WASHINGTON _ Flanked by?
Who was the bar robbed?
What please pass this?
Who did Aaron McKinney, 21, and Russell Henderson lure out of a bar on Oct. 6,1998?
What was tied him to a fence on the outskirts of Laramie?
What would the new measure add attacks against people because of to the covered crimes while eliminating the protected-right requirement?
What does current federal law permit only if it is believed to be motivated by the victim's race, color, religion or national origin?
What did the Senate approve as part of an appropriations bill for the Commerce, Justice and State Departments in July?
Who did Dennis and Judy Shepard meet Monday with in addition to meeting with lawmakers?
What our federal government to put resources into the hands of people best suited to combat these crimes _?
What was Wyo.?
What are so odious that an extra measure of protection is demanded by gays and lesbians so that can never again be repeated among us?
When did the Senate approve the legislation as part of an appropriations bill for the Commerce, Justice and State Departments?
What have hate-crime laws that include sexual orientation while 20 have hate-crime laws that do not?
Who added?
Who added, ``gays and lesbians have to got to send a message somewhere''?
What was Laramie?
What did he cite?
What would the measure make easier to relieve local jurisdictions from the financial burden of trying such prosecutions?
Who accused Republican opponents of the measure of blockig its passage ``because it has to do with the issue of homosexuality?''
Who said at the White House, ``We must pass strong hate-crimes legislation?''
What approved the legislation as part of an appropriations bill for the Commerce, Justice and State Departments in July?
What did Dennis and Judy Shepard meet Monday with White House Chief of Staff John Podesta and Attorney General Janet Reno in?
What did President Clinton speak to reporters Monday shortly after?
What did the Senate approve the legislation as in July?
Who did he accuse?''
What did not?
What Judy did not speak?
How many states have no hate crimes laws?
What our federal government to put into the hands of people best suited to combat these crimes _ local law enforcement agencies?
What Judy stood by her husband?
What must the assailant have intended to prevent the victim from exercising a federally protected right in?
Who did Shepard's mother Judy stand by?
Who must have intended to prevent the victim from exercising a federally protected right in addition?
What do Congress, please pass?
When were both assailants given?
What did republican leaders drop the measure entirely during?
Who was Matthew Shepard?
What has to begin here?
What did Sen. Gordon Smith accuse Republican opponents of?''
What did President Clinton say at?''
Who spoke to reporters Monday shortly after the Capitol news conference?
What would make federal prosecutions easier to pursue?
What did republican leaders drop entirely during a conference committee of House and Senate lawmakers?
What said, ``We call upon the president and Congress to come together, put all differences aside and pass the Hate Crimes Prevention Act''?
What have no hate crimes laws?
When will he try to meet with Senate Majority Leader Sen. Trent Lott?
What did Sen. Gordon Smith say, ``If you are really pro-life as you say so often in so many debates, _''?
What was beaten?
What have hate-crime laws that do not?
What are you really pro-life as you say so often in?
Who will try to meet with Senate Majority Leader Sen. Trent Lott on Tuesday?
When did President Clinton speak to reporters shortly after the Capitol news conference?
What would the measure make easier to pursue?
Who dropped the measure entirely during a conference committee of House and Senate lawmakers?
What was Aaron McKinney, 21, and Russell Henderson?
What would make federal prosecutions easier to relieve local jurisdictions from the financial burden of trying such prosecutions?
What our federal government to put resources into?
What was robbed him?
What do twenty-two states and the District of Columbia have while 20 have hate-crime laws that do not?
Who was 22?
Who will he try to meet with on Tuesday?
Who is gay?
What would add attacks against people because of their gender, sexual orientation or disabilities to the covered crimes while eliminating the protected-right requirement?
Who were given double life sentences?
Who are really pro-life as you say so often in so many debates?
Who Jeffords?
What did the father of Matthew Shepard urge Congress Monday to adopt WASHINGTON _ Flanked by Republican lawmakers?
What did Sen. James cite?
Who did President Clinton speak to Monday shortly after the Capitol news conference?
What would it make easier to relieve local jurisdictions from the financial burden of trying such prosecutions?
Who did Sen. Gordon Smith accuse?''
When did Aaron McKinney, 21, and Russell Henderson lure Matthew Shepard out of a bar?
Who was the bar tied to a fence on the outskirts of Laramie?
What would it make easier to pursue?
What are Sen. Gordon Smith really pro-life as you say so often in?
Who said, ``If you are really pro-life as you say so often in so many debates, _ that you are. . . pro-every human life''?
What would I do that in?
Who was briefly portrayed onstage?
Who does she have?
What did he say the Shepard murder had changed some attitudes in Laramie in?
What tries to keep up?
What is that?
What did tests show?
Who would do that in New York?
What was 25?
What fly around?
When did the roofers receive?
What did Kaufman say his new play represented?
Where do I 've done it?
What will I still not do it in?
Who manages a scholarship program at the university?
What did Kaufman say represented an effort to use the stage as a journalistic medium?
Who did tests show was not infected?
What is how Stephen Belber portrayed him onstage?
Who received life sentences with no chance of parole?
What was pretty accurate?
Who said there had ever realized as a lesbian?
What did Galloway say he was repulsed by?
Who died after five days in a Colorado hospital?
Who was 52?
What was a new play?
Who interviewed the words of more than 60 people are conveyed by eight actors simulating the appearance, mannerisms and speech patterns of the people?
Who did the words of more than 60 people interview the words of more than 60 people are conveyed by?
Who did Galloway say was repulsed by the request?
Who is Laramie's gay and lesbian population larger than?
Who expressed repugnance at one of the killers?
Who did they interview the words of more than 60 people are conveyed by?
Who was Galloway one of?
What do I 've done it in?
What did Zackie Salmon express repugnance at?
What was a senior at the university who still works at the Fireside?
What is how Stephen Belber portrayed DENVER _ Matt Galloway onstage?
What did she begin?
What showed she was not infected?
Who did she say there had ever realized as?
Who was 36?
When did Shepard die?
What did he ask to buy T-shirts bearing the name of the bar as?
What does DENVER _ Matt Galloway talk in?
What did she say as a lesbian?
When did the New York-based Tectonic Theater Project have its premiere here?
What has changed as a result?
Who recalled two customers coming into the Fireside last week?
What is larger than most gays and lesbians?
What was one of several Laramie residents portrayed onstage who attended the opening performance?
What did Kaufman write?
What did he say had changed some attitudes in Laramie in an interview?
What does the play ultimately question as?
Where will I still not do it?
What did he ask to buy as a souvenir of where Shepard spent his last moments?
What succeeds to the extent that a three-act play lasting nearly three hours can mine deeper feelings than newspaper and television reporters who face daily deadlines?
Where would I do that?
What did Galloway say by?
What did the words of more than 60 people interview are conveyed by eight actors simulating the appearance, mannerisms and speech patterns of the people?
What talks in sporadic, sometimes emotional bursts?
What did he say the Shepard murder had changed in an interview?
What has Laramie, or the nation, changed as?
What did Kaufman say?
What ultimately questions whether Laramie, or the nation, has changed as a result?
Who wrote the critically acclaimed play ``Gross Indecency: The Three Trials of Oscar Wilde''?
What did the New York-based Tectonic Theater Project have here on Saturday night?
Who began drug therapy?
What interviewed the words of more than 60 people are conveyed by eight actors simulating the appearance, mannerisms and speech patterns of the people?
Who said his new play represented an effort to use the stage as a journalistic medium?
What does Zackie Salmon manage at the university?
What was Galloway?
Who 'ves done it in San Francisco?
Who still will not do it in Laramie?
What would I do in New York?
Who said the Shepard murder had changed some attitudes in Laramie in an interview?
What had its premiere here on Saturday night?
Who were the killers?
What did Zackie Salmon express at one of the killers?
Who was Galloway?
What did he say in an interview?
What was Kaufman?
What will I still not do in Laramie?
What said he was repulsed by the request?
What does Zackie Salmon manage a scholarship program at?
What did they interview are conveyed by eight actors simulating the appearance, mannerisms and speech patterns of the people?
Who were Aaron J. McKinney?
What do I 've done in San Francisco?
Who asked to buy T-shirts bearing the name of the bar as a souvenir of where Shepard spent his last moments?
What does it succeed to?
What was the Laramie Project?
What was Zackie Salmon?
What had the prosecution originally asked for for killing Matthew Shepard?
Who praised the jurors ' decision?
Who expressed regret for his role in the murder?
Who agreed to spare Matthew Shepard from lethal injection?
Who was a 21-year-old college student?
What was sentenced Thursday to life imprisonment?
What had originally asked for the death penalty for Aaron McKinney for killing Matthew Shepard?
How many consecutive life sentences will McKinney serve?
What did President Bill Clinton praise?
Who said ``this verdict is a dramatic statement that we are determined to have a tolerant law-abiding nation that celebrates our differences''?
Who did Shepard's parents agree to spare from lethal injection?
When was WASHINGTON sentenced to life imprisonment?
When was WASHINGTON?
Who was 22?
What had found McKinney guilty Wednesday of felony murder, kidnapping and aggravated robbery?
What did McKinney tell, ``I really do not know what to say other than that I 'm truly sorry to the entire Shepard family''?
What did Shepard's parents agree to spare him from?
What did Shepard's parents agree to spare Matthew Shepard from?
What had a jury found McKinney guilty Wednesday of?
What was Aaron McKinney?
Who told the court, ``I really do not know what to say other than that I 'm truly sorry to the entire Shepard family''?
Whose parents agreed to spare Matthew Shepard from lethal injection?
Who was Matthew Shepard?
What was November 4-- A U. S. man convicted of killing a gay college student?
Who had a jury found guilty Wednesday of felony murder, kidnapping and aggravated robbery?
Who will serve two consecutive life sentences?
Whose parents agreed to spare him from lethal injection?
What did McKinney express?
What did McKinney tell the court, ``I really do not know to''?
When will McKinney serve?
Who agreed to spare him from lethal injection?
Whose decision did President Bill Clinton praise?
What was WASHINGTON sentenced Thursday to?
