Who say the ABM treaty is no longer valid because it was negotiated between the United States and the former Soviet Union?
When could fact take before scientists and the defense industry build a system capable of striking a high-altitude, intercontinental missile?
Who is seeking a major increase in spending for national missile defense?
What would a sea-based national missile defense system violate the Anti-Ballistic Missile Treaty with?
What could it take up to 10 years to?
What could take years before scientists and the defense industry build a system capable of striking a high-altitude, intercontinental missile?
What would a sea-based national missile defense system violate with Moscow?
What is the United States and the former Soviet Union?
What did Cooper list as a reason for ``urgency'' on the matter?
What accused the current White House of failing to make missile defense a national priority?
What has the Navy already spent $1 billion developing to protect ships and troops from regional threats, mostly from short- and medium-range missiles?
What has not decided to deploy a national missile defense system?
What did Cooper list the growing ballistic missile threat from countries such as North Korea and Iran as a reason for ``urgency'' on?
What was it negotiated between?
What did Navy Capt. Michael Doubleday say?
What did the Heritage Commission on Missile Defense accuse of failing to make missile defense a national priority?
What would the system include 650 missile interceptors on the Navy's 22 Aegis cruisers and destroyers now on?
What has the Navy already spent developing a so-called theater missile defense system to protect ships and troops from regional threats, mostly from short- and medium-range missiles?
Who declared, ``We need to act now''?
When could it take up to perfect a system for shooting a missile out of the sky?
Who urges Congress to approve $6. 6 billion over the next five years for program development?
Who build a system capable of striking a high-altitude, intercontinental missile?
What is President Clinton seeking for national missile defense?
Who did the 77-page Heritage report conclude to?
What would cost an estimated $10. 5 billion to build and would not be deployed until 2005?
What was the Anti-Ballistic Missile Treaty negotiated between?
What would it violate with Moscow?
What does President Clinton urge to approve $6. 6 billion over the next five years for program development?
Who said the Defense Department had no comment on the Heritage Foundation findings?
What does President Clinton urge Congress to approve over the next five years for program development?
What could take up to 10 years to perfect a system for shooting a missile out of the sky?
What would violate the Anti-Ballistic Missile Treaty with Moscow?
What did Navy Capt. Michael Doubleday say the Defense Department had?
What was negotiated between the United States and the former Soviet Union?
What did Cooper list the growing ballistic missile threat from countries such as North Korea and Iran as on the matter?
What would it violate the Anti-Ballistic Missile Treaty with?
What has a Pentagon report estimated?
Who was Navy Capt. Michael Doubleday?
When could it take before scientists and the defense industry build a system capable of striking a high-altitude, intercontinental missile?
What would a land-based national missile defense system cost to build and would not be deployed until 2005?
What has the Navy already spent $1 billion developing a so-called theater missile defense system to protect from regional threats, mostly from short- and medium-range missiles?
Who was a Pentagon spokesman?
When does President Clinton urge Congress to approve $6. 6 billion?
What did Navy Capt. Michael Doubleday say had no comment on the Heritage Foundation findings?
What has the Clinton administration not decided to deploy?
What would the system include now on patrol around the world as well as space-based sensors to detect incoming missiles and relay tracking data?
What do scientists and the defense industry build capable of striking a high-altitude, intercontinental missile?
What do critics say is no longer valid because it was negotiated between the United States and the former Soviet Union?
What do critics say between?
Who was Henry Cooper Jr.?
When could the Navy take up to perfect a system for shooting a missile out of the sky?
Who listed the growing ballistic missile threat from countries such as North Korea and Iran as a reason for ``urgency'' on the matter?
What have major technological hurdles prevented from actually building a system that can defend against anything but short-range and slow-moving cruise missiles in fact?
What has a Pentagon report estimated it would cost $19 billion to expand?
What could the Navy take up to 10 years to?
Who was chairman of the Heritage Foundation study and former director of Pentagon anti-missile programs during the Bush administration?
What is President Clinton seeking a major increase in spending for?
What is Russia?
What says construction of a U. S. missile defense system violates the 1972 Anti-Ballistic Missile treaty?
What does Russia say violates the 1972 Anti-Ballistic Missile treaty?
What did Clinton veto?
What do the Senate modify the measure to meet?
What is the legislation passed?
What would WASHINGTON-- Legislation sent to the White House commit to an anti-missile national defense system?
What do the Senate modify to meet administration objections?
What would commit the United States to an anti-missile national defense system?
What did Rep. Curt Weldon say the Senate changed the bill to reflect?
What did he say against?
What is the system envisioned by both Congress and the White House?
Who said it should be clear that when the president signs the bill he is changing U. S. policy and committing the nation to a national defense system?
Who said, ``the threat of ballistic missile attack is here today''?
What would WASHINGTON-- Legislation approved Thursday by the House commit to an anti-missile national defense system?
What did Rep. Curt Weldon say the Senate changed to reflect those concerns?
Whose plan was aimed mainly at stopping an attack from the former Soviet Union?
What also states there will be continued negotiations with Russia on arms reductions?
What did Weldon and Rep. Floyd Spence say to?
What has Russia opposed construction of?
Who said the Senate changed the bill to reflect those concerns?
What does the legislation state that it is?
Who also opposed an earlier House version passed March?
Who is proposed by President Reagan in 1983?
What does Russia say?
Who was R-S. C.?
What can a credible defense system be?
Who was a leading Democratic defense expert?
What is designed more to stop a limited attack from a rogue or terrorist state?
What does legislation approved Thursday by the House and sent to the White House also state there will be continued negotiations with Russia on?
What did President Clinton say against?
What did President Clinton also oppose?
What has the administration said it will not decide until June 2000 on?
Who was expected to sign the measure?
What did Rep. Curt Weldon say the House agreed to Thursday?
What was Rep. Curt Weldon?
When is ``Star Wars'' proposed by President Reagan?
What did the administration become more positive toward after North Korea last year tested missiles that flew over Japan?
What can be build?
What became more positive toward eventual deployment of such a system after North Korea last year tested missiles that flew over Japan?
Who said the House agreed to the revised version Thursday?
What was aimed mainly at stopping an attack from the former Soviet Union?
What has opposed construction of a U. S. missile defense system?
Who was Weldon and Rep. Floyd Spence?
When did Rep. Curt Weldon say the House agreed to the revised version?
What can determine whether a credible defense system can be build?
What does the legislation state that it is the policy of to deploy?
Who said, ``The threat of ballistic missile attack is real''?
What does legislation approved Thursday by the House and sent to the White House also state there will be continued on arms reductions?
What does Russia say it violates?
What does it also state on?
Who did Rep. Curt Weldon say agreed to the revised version Thursday?
When is the space-based Strategic Defense Initiative proposed by President Reagan?
What did he say did not make clear that the defense system would be limited and focused against threats from rogue states rather than existing nuclear powers?
What did Rep. Curt Weldon say changed the bill to reflect those concerns?
What did Rep. Norman Dicks of Washington cite military testimony that it will be at least 2005 before tests can determine?
What states that it is the policy of the United States to deploy?
What is proposed by President Reagan in 1983?
Who was Rep. Norman Dicks of Washington?
What was Weldon and Rep. Floyd Spence chairman of?
What is the system envisioned by both Congress and the White House a scaled-back version of?
What would not be space-based?
Who said it did not make clear that the defense system would be limited and focused against threats from rogue states rather than existing nuclear powers?
Who was R-Pa?
What did last year test?
Who is the space-based Strategic Defense Initiative proposed by in 1983?
What is a scaled-back version of the space-based Strategic Defense Initiative, or ``Star Wars'', proposed by President Reagan in 1983?
What has said it will not decide until June 2000 on firm plans for an anti-missile system?
What did it become more positive toward after North Korea last year tested missiles that flew over Japan?
What did Rep. Norman Dicks of Washington cite?
What does legislation approved Thursday by the House and sent to the White House also state on?
What modified the measure to meet administration objections?
When tested missiles that flew over Japan?
What has budgeted $10. 5 billion between 1999 and 2005 to develop a limited national missile defense system?
What does Russia say construction of a U. S. missile defense system violates?
What would WASHINGTON-- Legislation sent to the White House commit the United States to?
What does it also state there will be continued on arms reductions?
What did he also oppose?
What can tests determine?
Who cited military testimony that it will be at least 2005 before tests can determine whether a credible defense system can be build?
What is passed 345-71?
Who was chairman of the House Armed Services Committee?
What did Weldon and Rep. Floyd Spence say it should be clear to?
What does the legislation state?
Who is ``Star Wars'' proposed by in 1983?
What has the administration budgeted between 1999 and 2005 to develop a limited national missile defense system?
Who said, ``it is here today''?
What does it also state there will be continued negotiations with Russia on?
What has Russia opposed?
What has the administration said will not decide until June 2000 on firm plans for an anti-missile system?
When has the administration budgeted $10. 5 billion to develop a limited national missile defense system?
Who vetoed similar legislation in 1995?
What has the administration budgeted $10. 5 billion between 1999 and 2005 to develop?
What did President Clinton say did not make clear that the defense system would be limited and focused against threats from rogue states rather than existing nuclear powers?
What was Weldon and Rep. Floyd Spence?
What would WASHINGTON-- Legislation approved Thursday by the House commit the United States to?
When has the administration said?
What says it violates the 1972 Anti-Ballistic Missile treaty?
When has the administration said it will not decide on firm plans for an anti-missile system?
What did defense system shoot down?
What was in particular?
Who did Holum echo views of?
What did John Holum tell a Senate confirmation hearing is more widely available?
What was expected to approve the nomination, perhaps as early as Wednesday?
When had he served as director of the Arms Control and Disarmament Agency?
What was John Holum acting undersecretary of?
When did the Rumsfeld panel conclude?
When had John Holum served as director of the Arms Control and Disarmament Agency?
What went out of business on April 1 when its functions were merged with the State Department?
What did Holum appear at a nomination hearing to be?
Who had he served since 1993 as?
What did John Holum say had ``a profound impact'' on Clinton administration policy?
What was Holum in?
Where did defense system score its first hit in a test at the White Sands Missile Range?
What did Holum say, ``I believe toward?''
What did Holum appear at to be the first person to serve in the new post?
What says it will make decisions on details of a missile defense system next June?
What was the ballistic missile threat in?
What were six straight failures?
What did defense system score its first hit in a test at the White Sands Missile Range in?
Who was acting undersecretary of state for arms control and international security affairs?
Who said, ``I believe our missile defense should be geared toward threat?''
What did Holum voice?
What did the agency go out of on April 1 when its functions were merged with the State Department?
Who appeared at a nomination hearing to be the first person to serve in the new post?
How many straight failures were a $3. 8 billion experimental missile?
What scored its first hit in a test at the White Sands Missile Range in New Mexico?
Who had served since 1993 as director of the Arms Control and Disarmament Agency?
What did he say had ``a profound impact'' on Clinton administration policy?
What does the administration say?
Who was in testimony Monday before the Senate Foreign Relations Committee?
What did he say a 1998 report by a panel headed by former Defense Secretary Donald Rumsfeld had?
What signed in a compromise with congressional Republicans?
When did the agency go out of business?
Who echoed views of Republican members of the committee?
What did John Holum say?
What did defense system score in a test at the White Sands Missile Range in New Mexico?
Who vetoed an earlier bill committing the nation to a missile-defense system?
What did John Holum say a 1998 report by a panel headed by former Defense Secretary Donald Rumsfeld had?
Who told a Senate confirmation hearing Technology is more widely available?
Who said the threat of a nuclear attack by a small power ``is clearly very prominent'' as an area of concern?
Who had John Holum served since 1993 as?
What did defense system score its first hit in in New Mexico?
What were a $3. 8 billion experimental missile?
What did Holum echo?
What are gone?
Who was John Holum?
What did John Holum tell Technology is more widely available?
What did President Clinton veto?
What does the administration say will make decisions on details of a missile defense system next June?
What does the administration say it will make?
What shot down an incoming test rocket?
What concluded that North Korea and Iran could develop long-range missiles within five years and probably are secretly doing so?
What did he say?
Who said?
Who voiced strong support for deploying a missile defense system?
What did the bill sign in?
Who said a 1998 report by a panel headed by former Defense Secretary Donald Rumsfeld had ``a profound impact'' on Clinton administration policy?
What can it build against attack by rogue states?
What can the Anti-Ballistic Missile Treaty build a limited defense against attack by?
Who announced the decision Wednesday?
Who spoke as U. S. and Russian officials in Moscow opened two days of negotiations on the terms under which a missile defense could be established?
What would not be effective against a massive attack of the kind?
What can build a limited defense against attack by rogue states?
What is capable of launching Washington argues the system would not upset strategic stability because it would not be effective against a massive attack of the kind?
How many days of talks with Russian Deputy Foreign Minister Georgy Mamedov did Deputy Secretary of State Strobe Talbott on Wednesday begin on possibly changing the treaty?
Who agreed in June to discuss ABM modifications?
Who said the administration will not decide whether to deploy a missile defense until next summer?
What can it build a limited defense against attack by?
What was the theory?
What was the theory that leaving both sides vulnerable deterred because either country would face deadly retaliation?
What did Deputy Secretary of State Strobe Talbott on Wednesday begin two days of on possibly changing the treaty?
What is Russia capable of Washington argues the system would not upset strategic stability because it would not be effective against a massive attack of the kind?
What is hard pressed financially to create the theory's own anti-missile defense?
What would face deadly retaliation?
Who continue to insist that an anti-missile defense system in the United States would tilt the strategic balance and start a new arms race?
When did the United States and the Soviet Union agree in the Anti-Ballistic Missile Treaty not to construct a national defense against such missiles?
What wants to modify the treaty so it can build a limited defense against attack by rogue states?
What did the United States and the Soviet Union agree in the Anti-Ballistic Missile Treaty not to construct in 1972?
What did U. S. and Russian officials in Moscow open two days of negotiations on?
What agreed in the Anti-Ballistic Missile Treaty not to construct a national defense against such missiles in 1972?
When did State Department spokesman James Rubin say?
What do russian officials continue to insist?
What are such as North Korea?
What are rogue states as?
What can it build a limited defense against by rogue states?
What has WASHINGTON-- The Clinton administration selected as the likely first site for its proposed anti-ballistic missile defense network?
Who also is expected to discuss the issue with his Russian counterpart on a trip to Moscow next Monday and Tuesday?
Who began two days of talks with Russian Deputy Foreign Minister Georgy Mamedov on possibly changing the treaty?
What can the Anti-Ballistic Missile Treaty build a limited defense against by rogue states?
How many days of talks with Russian Deputy Foreign Minister Georgy Mamedov did Deputy Secretary of State Strobe Talbott on Wednesday begin on reducing nuclear stockpiles?
What would either country face?
Who opened two days of negotiations on the terms under which a missile defense could be established?
What would it not be effective against?
Who began two days of talks with Russian Deputy Foreign Minister Georgy Mamedov on reducing nuclear stockpiles?
When did Deputy Secretary of State Strobe Talbott on Wednesday begin on possibly changing the treaty?
What was the theory that leaving vulnerable deterred nuclear attacks because either country would face deadly retaliation?
What does the United States want to modify so it can build a limited defense against attack by rogue states?
How many days of negotiations did U. S. and Russian officials in Moscow open on the terms under which a missile defense could be established?
What did Deputy Secretary of State Strobe Talbott on Wednesday begin two days of on reducing nuclear stockpiles?
What is reluctant to make the change?
When did State Department spokesman James Rubin say the administration will not decide?
When did U. S. and Russian officials in Moscow open on the terms under which a missile defense could be established?
What did U. S. and Russian officials in Moscow open two days of on the terms under which a missile defense could be established?
What has WASHINGTON-- The Clinton administration selected Alaska as?
What did State Department spokesman James Rubin say will not decide whether to deploy a missile defense until next summer?
What is hard pressed financially to create its own anti-missile defense?
What did the United States and the Soviet Union agree in not to construct a national defense against such missiles in 1972?
What was that leaving both sides vulnerable deterred nuclear attacks because either country would face deadly retaliation?
When did Deputy Secretary of State Strobe Talbott on Wednesday begin on reducing nuclear stockpiles?
When did President Boris Yeltsin agree to discuss ABM modifications?
What would strategic stability not be effective against?
What has selected Alaska as the likely first site for its proposed anti-ballistic missile defense network?
What can the Anti-Ballistic Missile Treaty build against attack by rogue states?
What did President Boris Yeltsin agree in June to discuss?
What is still working on an estimate?
How many interceptor sites are each?
What estimates it will cost $60 billion if the system is expanded to two interceptor sites with 100 interceptors?
What did its most recent estimate last spring put at $36 billion for a system with 100 missile interceptors at a single site?
What did the Pentagon's most recent estimate last spring put the tally at for a system with 100 missile interceptors at a single site?
What does the General Accounting Office estimate it will cost if the system is expanded to two interceptor sites with 100 interceptors?
What did the Pentagon's most recent estimate last spring put the tally at $36 billion for with 100 missile interceptors at a single site?
What does the General Accounting Office estimate will cost $60 billion if the system is expanded to two interceptor sites with 100 interceptors?
What is the General Accounting Office?
What are each?
Where does the General Accounting Office estimate?
What does the figure cover the building and operating of?
What is the auditing arm of Congress?
Whose most recent estimate last spring put the tally at $36 billion for a system with 100 missile interceptors at a single site?
What did the Pentagon's most recent estimate last spring put the tally at $36 billion for a system with?
What does the General Accounting Office estimate to?
What did the Pentagon's most recent estimate last spring put at $36 billion for a system with 100 missile interceptors at a single site?
What is the General Accounting Office the auditing arm of?
What put the tally at $36 billion for a system with 100 missile interceptors at a single site?
What did its most recent estimate last spring put the tally at $36 billion for a system with?
What are two interceptor sites?
What covers the building and operating of the system for its expected life of 20 years?
What does the figure cover?
What is the Pentagon still working on?
What did its most recent estimate last spring put the tally at $36 billion for with 100 missile interceptors at a single site?
What did its most recent estimate last spring put the tally at for a system with 100 missile interceptors at a single site?
What did Secretary of Defense William Cohen say Monday underscored the need for a U. S. national missile defense system?
If and when it is approved who said?
Who said Monday SYDNEY underscored the need for a U. S. national missile defense system?
What did australian Defense Minister John Moore say?
What did Moore say the agreement would be of to Australia's troubled fleet of six Collins Class submarines?
What did the two countries agree to cooperate on its development--?
What agreed to share new defense technology?
What did Moore say of?
What was SYDNEY?
Who is Tehran developing?
What agreed to cooperate on its development-- an agreement that gives Australia enhanced access to U. S. military research?
What did Iran test?
What did Moore say the agreement would be of particular benefit to?
What did australian Defense Minister John Moore say would consider a request for participation if the system gets the go-ahead?
How many countries agreed to share new defense technology?
Who does Tehran claim will be used to carry satellites into space and not for military purposes?
What was Australia-- Iran's weekend test of a long-range missile?
What have been plagued by technical problems ranging from periscope malfunctions to excessive noise and vibration, as well as problems in computer defense systems?
How many Collins Class submarines have been plagued by technical problems ranging from periscope malfunctions to excessive noise and vibration, as well as problems in computer defense systems?
Who said the agreement would be of particular benefit to Australia's troubled fleet of six Collins Class submarines?
What did Moore say would be of particular benefit to Australia's troubled fleet of six Collins Class submarines?
What did the two countries agree to cooperate on new defense technology's development--?
What did the two countries agree to cooperate on-- an agreement that gives Australia enhanced access to U. S. military research?
How many countries agreed to cooperate on its development-- an agreement that gives Australia enhanced access to U. S. military research?
What have six Collins Class submarines been plagued by?
What has not yet approved its deployment?
What could prove unfounded if the opposition Labor Party wins federal elections expected by late next year?
What is opposed to Australian participation in the scheme?
What claims the longer-range Shahab-4 will be used to carry satellites into space and not for military purposes?
What is Labor opposed to?
What tested its Shahab-3 ballistic missile?
Who said Australia would consider a request for participation if the system gets the go-ahead?
What did australian Defense Minister John Moore say Australia would consider if the system gets the go-ahead?
What did the two countries agree to share?
What is developing a longer-range Shahab-4?
What do the two countries jointly run?
If and when also is approved who said?
What agreed to cooperate on new defense technology's development-- an agreement that gives Australia enhanced access to U. S. military research?
What did Secretary of Defense William Cohen say Monday SYDNEY underscored?
Who does it claim will be used to carry satellites into space and not for military purposes?
What are developing a multibillion dollar national missile defense system?
When did Secretary of Defense William Cohen say SYDNEY underscored the need for a U. S. national missile defense system?
How many countries agreed to cooperate on new defense technology's development-- an agreement that gives Australia enhanced access to U. S. military research?
What has Washington not yet approved?
When did a parliament committee on foreign affairs recommend?
What do critics of the system argue?
What said it was not convinced that the missile defense program represents an appropriate response to the proliferation problems faced by the international community?
What did the bi-partisan committee in its report say?
Who argue that the program would increase Britain's vulnerability to attack without offering coverage by the U. S. defensive screen?
What did the bi-partisan committee in its report say it was not convinced?
What recommended Tuesday?
What noted that two out of three tests on the system did not work?
When has the Pentagon set a target date for having a national missile defense ready for use?
What did the lawmakers also warn that Russia and China opposed?
What recommended that the government urge the United States to seek other ways of reducing the threats it perceives, rather than try the missile shield?
What do critics of the system argue that the program would increase?
What has set a target date of 2005 for having a national missile defense ready for use?
What also questioned the program's feasibility?
What did it also question?
What did the Foreign Affairs Committee into Weapons of Mass Destruction recommend that the government urge the United States to seek rather than try the missile shield?
What is the missile defense program?
What did the lawmakers also warn?
Who also warned that Russia and China opposed the program?
When has the Pentagon set for having a national missile defense ready for use?
What could the program be?
What did it note?
What could be dangerously destabilizing?
What did the bi-partisan committee in its report say it was not convinced that the missile defense program represents?
What is a $60 billion system that would allow the United States to destroy incoming warheads?
What did the Foreign Affairs Committee into Weapons of Mass Destruction recommend?
What did a parliament committee on foreign affairs also question?
What did a parliament committee on foreign affairs note?
What conducted two tests Thursday of important elements of the proposed national missile defense system in preparation for another attempt to shoot down a target in space?
What was Calif.?
Who said Thursday's tests show that the Pentagon is moving ahead with development work even though deployment has been put off?
What was Vandenberg Air Force Base?
What effectively ended missile defense supporters ' hope of having a system ready for use by 2005?
What released 20 objects in flight to test the ability of a prototype ground-based radar to distinguish among them in the first test?
What did the Ballistic Missile Defense Organization say preliminary indications are among?
Who said Sept. 1 would be up to the next president to decide whether and when to go ahead?
What is the radar situated on Kwajalein Atoll in?
Who said that next test is expected to be conducted early next year?
What could he have enough confidence in the technical feasibility of national missile defense to authorize?
Who did Clinton say it would be up to to decide whether and when to go ahead?
What did a Minuteman III intercontinental ballistic missile launched from Vandenberg Air Force Base release 20 objects in flight to test in the first test?
What has been put off?
What did Pentagon spokesman Kenneth Bacon say?
What do the radar's role allow to be fooled by decoys around the target?
What could he have enough confidence in the technical feasibility of national missile defense to authorize the start of?
What did President Clinton's decision effectively end?
What has slipped due to technical problems?
What could President Clinton have enough confidence in the technical feasibility of national missile defense to authorize?
What was scheduled for November?
Who could have enough confidence in the technical feasibility of national missile defense to authorize the start of construction?
What did the Ballistic Missile Defense Organization say are that the prototype radar successfully distinguished among the 20 objects in space?
What did the Ballistic Missile Defense Organization say preliminary indications are that the prototype radar successfully distinguished among in space?
What was the Ballistic Missile Defense Organization?
What did WASHINGTON-- The Pentagon conduct two tests Thursday of important elements of the proposed national missile defense system in?
What did Pentagon spokesman Kenneth Bacon say 20 objects 're on?
What did Bacon say show that the Pentagon is moving ahead with development work even though deployment has been put off?
What did President Clinton announce on Sept. 1?
What is the radar situated on in the central Pacific Ocean?
What would be to keep an intercepting missile on a collision path with its target?
Who did he say 're on our normal schedule to continue development of a national missile defense system?
What did Bacon say with?
What could President Clinton have enough confidence in the technical feasibility of national missile defense to authorize the start of?
What did the Ballistic Missile Defense Organization say preliminary indications are that the prototype radar successfully distinguished among the 20 objects in?
Whose decision effectively ended missile defense supporters ' hope of having a system ready for use by 2005?
Who said we 're on our normal schedule to continue development of a national missile defense system?
Where is the radar situated in the central Pacific Ocean?
Who do the radar's role allow it to be fooled by?
When did Clinton say would be up to the next president to decide whether and when to go ahead?
What did Bacon say Thursday's tests show that the Pentagon is moving ahead with even though deployment has been put off?
What did WASHINGTON-- The Pentagon conduct two tests Thursday of in preparation for another attempt to shoot down a target in space?
What could President Clinton have to authorize the start of construction?
What was the Pentagon office in charge of the program?
What did Clinton say would be up to the next president to decide whether and when to go ahead?
Whose hope of having a system ready for use by 2005 did President Clinton's decision effectively end?
What attempts failed?
Who said it would be up to the next president to decide whether and when to go ahead?
What is situated on Kwajalein Atoll in the central Pacific Ocean?
What could he have to authorize the start of construction?
What did Pentagon spokesman Kenneth Bacon say 're on our normal schedule to continue development of a national missile defense system?
What did Bacon say Thursday's tests show with?
Who said 20 objects 're on our normal schedule to continue development of a national missile defense system?
How many objects did Pentagon spokesman Kenneth Bacon say 're on our normal schedule to continue development of a national missile defense system?
Whose hope of having a system ready for use by 2005 did his decision effectively end?
What allow it to be fooled by decoys around the target?
Who did Clinton say Sept. 1 would be up to to decide whether and when to go ahead?
What has the timing slipped due to?
When was that test scheduled?
What did his decision effectively end?
Who did Clinton say to?
What did the Ballistic Missile Defense Organization say among?
What said preliminary indications are that the prototype radar successfully distinguished among the 20 objects in space?
What did he say we 're on?
What failed test in March led the Pentagon to impose $15 million in penalties against the developer?
Who questioned the importance of Monday's tests?
How many earlier tests did THAAD fail?
What did several independent scientists say against?
What can move to that phase?
What did THAAD fail?
When do THAAD intercept its first target?
What did Jennifer Canaff of the Pentagon's Ballistic Missile Defense Organization say Monday's test involved?
What has the $3. 9 billion Theater High Altitude Area Defense, or THAAD, been plagued with?
What has China protested American plans to create theater missile defense systems with Japan, South Korea and possibly Taiwan to protect allied?
Who say those tests will come in the next engineering and manufacturing phase of development?
What has protested American plans to create theater missile defense systems with Japan, South Korea and possibly Taiwan to protect allied and American troops based in northeast Asia?
What was tested against targets that more closely simulate those in war?
What must still pass one of two final tests to be held in September and next February before it can move to that phase?
Who said that until the missile system was tested against targets that more closely simulate those in war, the results were going to be misleading?
What can it move to?
What did Ms. Canaff say was more difficult because the cooling of the target in outer space reduced the ability of the missile's infrared sensors to detect it?
What do THAAD intercept in June?
Who had members of Congress asked the Pentagon to find?
What has China protested to protect allied and American troops based in northeast Asia?
What do it intercept in June?
What did it fail?
What has been plagued with problems?
When do it intercept its first target?
What intercepted its first target in June?
When must the missile defense system still pass one of two final tests to be held before it can move to that phase?
When can move to that phase?
How many earlier tests did it fail?
Who was the developer?
What was the missile system tested against?
What must the missile defense system still pass to be held in September and next February before it can move to that phase?
When did one fail test led the Pentagon to impose $15 million in penalties against the developer?
What do officials at Lockheed Martin say those tests will come in?
What did several independent scientists question the importance of?
What did one fail test in March led the Pentagon to impose?
Who was Lockheed Martin?
What had members of Congress asked to find another contractor?
What would be used overseas?
What do officials at Lockheed Martin say will come in the next engineering and manufacturing phase of development?
Who had asked the Pentagon to find another contractor?
What failed six earlier tests?
What must the missile defense system still pass one of to be held in September and next February before it can move to that phase?
What did several independent scientists question?
What did Ms. Canaff say?
What did one fail in March led the Pentagon to impose $15 million in penalties against the developer?
What did one fail test in March led to impose $15 million in penalties against the developer?
What can next February move to?
Who said Monday's test was more difficult because the cooling of the target in outer space reduced the ability of the missile's infrared sensors to detect it?
What do officials at Lockheed Martin say in?
Who has said that he will decide whether to put such a system into operation _ to test whether its system would be fooled by realistic countermeasures?
What has the Pentagon delayed a third test until June before Clinton decides as a result?
What did the scientists base their calculations on nonclassified information describing from the Pentagon and other agencies?
What did the scientists say could easily fool the defense system?
Who said, ``you have to walk before you run''?
Who was of the Massachusetts Institute of Technology?
Who said that the missile defense system is in the early development stage?
What does Clinton decide?
What is meant to protect the nation from a limited nuclear attack or an accidental launching?
Who said, ``It's a prototype''?
Who was spokesman at the National Missile Defense Office?
What did the scientists base their calculations on describing the complete missile defense system from the Pentagon and other agencies?
What did Biddle say against?
What did a government intelligence report made public last September acknowledge?
What did an enemy foil?
What has the Pentagon delayed a third test until June before Clinton decides whether to approve the system as?
What did a team of prominent scientists say Tuesday WASHINGTON _ easily within the grasp of any nation able to launch a nuclear warhead at the United States?
What was able to hit a mock warhead only once in two preliminary tests of the system?
Who said that the government should delay any decision on whether to proceed with a missile-defense network?
Who said grocery stores could easily fool the defense system?
When did the Pentagon say that the missile defense system is?
When has the Pentagon delayed a third test before Clinton decides whether to approve the system as a result?
What did the panel study that an enemy might use to defeat the missile shield like the kind sold in grocery stores?
What did the Pentagon say that the main focus for now remains hitting?
Who run?
Who said, ``In this defense system the attacker always has the advantage''?
Who was Mike Biddle?
What did the scientists base on nonclassified information describing the complete missile defense system from the Pentagon and other agencies?
What would be fooled by realistic countermeasures?
What would its system be fooled by?
Who said, ``President Clinton have to walk before you run''?
Who runs?
What did the scientists say that the government should delay on whether to proceed with a missile-defense network?
What was the anti-missile missile or kill vehicle able to hit a mock warhead only once in?
When did the Pentagon say?
What did the panel study several potential methods like?
What did the scientists say grocery stores could easily fool?
What has delayed a third test until June before Clinton decides whether to approve the system as a result?
What did the scientists base their calculations on nonclassified information describing the complete missile defense system from?
Who based their calculations on nonclassified information describing the complete missile defense system from the Pentagon and other agencies?
What did the panel study several potential methods that an enemy might use to defeat the missile shield like?
What is expected to cost $30 billion?
What has President Clinton said that he will decide into?
Who called the study's findings premature?
What studied several potential methods that an enemy might use to defeat the missile shield like the kind sold in grocery stores?
Who decides whether to approve the system?
What did the scientists say?
What did the main focus for now defeat?
Who said that a missile defense system might also be confused if an enemy enclosed a warhead in an aluminum shield cooled by liquid nitrogen?
What was the study by 11 physicists and engineers done by?
What did the panel study several potential methods that an enemy might use to defeat like the kind sold in grocery stores?
What did the Pentagon call premature?
What foiled the heat-seeking sensors on the anti-missile missiles sent to destroy the warhead?
What defeated countermeasures?
What was Lisbeth Gronlund of?
What did the scientists say with?
Who said, ``defense system's a prototype''?
What has President Clinton said into?
Who said that the Pentagon is confident that the defense system will work against against any challenges or countermeasures that could be mustered by the year 2005?
What acknowledged that emerging missile states were capable of using decoys?
What was done by the Massachusetts Institute of Technology and the Union of Concerned Scientists?
What has President Clinton said that he will decide whether to put such a system into operation _ to test by?
What has the Pentagon delayed until June before Clinton decides whether to approve the system as a result?
What did the Pentagon say?
Who said that the main focus for now remains hitting a target?
What could nuclear warheads inside mylar balloons be hidden among?
What could the full system distinguish an empty radar-reflecting balloon from one with?
What is Clinton's fourth criterion?
What has Secretary of State Madeleine Albright said?
What cannot be accurately calculated?
What would be almost certain to follow suit?
What came?
What has the government already squandered about $60 billion in the vain pursuit of the ``star wars'' vision of missile defense to?
What did a clearly impossible task _ the system would be?
Who would overwhelm the interceptors of the system?
What are unenthusiastic about the latest proposal for a missile defense system?
What should continue on missile defense?
What does no one know?
Whose fourth criterion do independent scientists and weapons designers who have analyzed the system say can be overcome?
What knows what rogue states might conceive of?
Whose fourth criterion do independent scientists and weapons designers who have analyzed the system say?
What _ the system would be a defense against only one or two missiles fired by a rogue state such as North Korea or Libya?
What do arms control specialists fear, would be?
What could a nation making such an attack expect?
What would submunitions overwhelm?
What could be delivered in warheads that release large numbers of bomblets, or submunitions?
What is technological feasibility?
What suggest it could act as a deterrent?
What did a clearly impossible task _ would be a defense against only one or two missiles fired by a rogue state such as North Korea or Libya?
What has the government already squandered in the vain pursuit of the ``star wars'' vision of missile defense that Ronald Reagan was willing to fund?
What would Secretary of State Madeleine Albright therefore not upset the deterrent value of?
What has President Clinton said against?
Who therefore would not upset the deterrent value of the mutually assured destruction concept?
When is planned to become operational in 2005?
What could expect instant destruction?
What should the true challenges of creating a national missile defense be debated in?
What are not able to distinguish decoy balloons from those that contain nuclear warheads?
When has President Clinton said he will decide whether to build a phased system to protect against several dozen long-range missiles?
What does an unworkable national missile defense system threaten to make Americans less, not more, secure from?
What might also compel Beijing to expand?
What might also compel Beijing to modernize China's basic deterrent force of about 20 intercontinental ballistic missiles capable of reaching the United States?
What should Research continue on?
Who does an unworkable national missile defense system threaten to make less, not more, secure from long-range missiles?
What could the effect on nonproliferation be?
Whose fourth criterion is technological feasibility?
What is simply not a viable defense option for the present, national missile?
What has three of the four criteria Clinton said on?
What might the $60 billion system contemplated by Clinton also compel to expand?
What should be established to assess future tests against real-world countermeasures?
What risks undoing nuclear weapons cooperation with Moscow?
What has already squandered about $60 billion in the vain pursuit of the ``star wars'' vision of missile defense that Ronald Reagan was willing to fund?
What has the government already squandered about $60 billion in that Ronald Reagan was willing to fund?
What should be debated in the coming presidential campaign?
What has not been tested against realistic countermeasures?
What do arms control specialists fear?
When will a workable national missile defense system be developed?
What would submunitions overwhelm the interceptors of?
What could be hidden among hundreds of similar balloons serving as decoys?
What is defense simply not a viable defense option for?
What could not be greater?
What has President Clinton said he will decide this summer against?
What do independent scientists and weapons designers who have analyzed the system say?
Who has said that the system would not and could not be a defense against Russia?
What could the full system distinguish an empty radar-reflecting balloon from with a nuclear warhead in it?
What proves?
What is defense simply not for the present, national missile?
What could distinguish an empty radar-reflecting balloon from one with a nuclear warhead in it?
Who has said he will decide this summer whether to build a phased system to protect against several dozen long-range missiles?
What could the full system distinguish from one with a nuclear warhead in it?
What has the system that Clinton is to decide on this summer not been tested against?
Who fear, would be a chain reaction of nuclear weapons proliferation?
When do members of the current Joint Chiefs of Staff have to worry?
What should be taken until the system proves?
What do those in favor of the system suggest could act as a deterrent?
What is more compelling than was President Reagan's old ``star wars'' concept?
What was scheduled to be completed about 2010?
What could be dire?
What do independent scientists and weapons designers who have analyzed the system say can be overcome?
What is the moment of truth fast approaching in?
Who say Clinton's fourth criterion can be overcome?
What might the $60 billion system contemplated by Clinton also compel Beijing to modernize China's basic deterrent force of?
What could Chemical or biological agents be delivered in?
What would probably not be able to resist pressure to match a Chinese build-up?
What will be developed in the years to come?
What threatens to make Americans less, not more, secure from long-range missiles?
What do those in favor of the system suggest it could act as?
What ultimately depends on how the project is presented?
What did a clearly impossible task _?
When is fast approaching in the politicized quarrel over a national missile defense?
What are Staff unenthusiastic about?
What would probably not be able to resist pressure to deploy its nuclear missiles?
What would Secretary of State Madeleine Albright therefore not upset?
Who say it can be overcome?
What does the $60 billion system contemplated by Clinton risk?
Who have to worry that other, more tangible military needs may get short shrift if the politically driven system is funded for the coming decade?
Who has President Clinton said will decide this summer whether to build a phased system to protect against several dozen long-range missiles?
What could be tempted to use its stockpile of fissile material to join the Asian nuclear-weapons club?
What might the $60 billion system contemplated by Clinton also compel Beijing to modernize?
What do those in favor of the system suggest as?
What does the U. S. Navy system operate from?
What did a six-month study of BMD programs led by U. S. Defense Undersecretary Paul Kaminski tell reporters at presenting the review?
What operates from Aegis cruisers?
Who said today?
What has been pressing for such a system to be deployed by 2003?
What says that the Pentagon should not deploy a national missile defense system until 2008?
What did Kaminski say to?
What did Perry say that the development of the two missile defense systems will meet?
When was WASHINGTON?
What did a six-month study of BMD programs led by U. S. Defense Undersecretary Paul Kaminski tell reporters at a Pentagon conference presenting?
Who was U. S. Defense Undersecretary Paul Kaminski?
Who said that some 450 million U. S. dollars will be added to the next generation of Patriot PAC-3 missile system and Navy Area Defense system?
What told reporters at a Pentagon conference presenting the review?
Who did a six-month study of BMD programs led by U. S. Defense Undersecretary Paul Kaminski tell at a Pentagon conference presenting the review?
When does the study say?
What came after a six-month study of BMD programs led by U. S. Defense Undersecretary Paul Kaminski told reporters at a Pentagon conference presenting the review?
What is designed to have similar coverage?
What was the first generation of Patriot missile defense system widely used in to knock down Iraqi scud missiles soaring into neighboring countries?
Who said that the development of the two missile defense systems will meet the need for countering potential short-range missile threats against the United States?
When does the study say that the Pentagon should not deploy a national missile defense system?
What was widely used in the U. S. Gulf War operations in 1991 to knock down Iraqi scud missiles soaring into neighboring countries?
What did Perry say from?
What did Kaminski say that some 450 million U. S. dollars will be added to?
What did Perry say?
When did the Pentagon say?
Who was U. S. Defense Secretary William Perry?
What does the study say that the Pentagon should not deploy until 2008?
What has the Republican-controlled Congress been pressing for to be deployed by 2003?
What was February 16-- The United States?
Who vetoed the defense legislation that contained a national missile defense program?
What did Clinton veto?
What did Clinton say in a commencement address at the Coast Guard Academy in New London?
When has it proposed to add billions of U. S. dollars to the Pentagon budget?
When did U. S. Defense Secretary William Perry tell reporters earlier in the week that the so-called the rogue nations could not build long-range missiles against the United States?
What has the Republican-controlled U. S. Congress proposed to add billions of U. S. dollars to in the fiscal years of 1995 and 1996?
What did Clinton say makes little sense to build a system now ``before we know the details and dimension of the threat we face''?
What has it proposed to add to the Pentagon budget in the fiscal years of 1995 and 1996?
When has the U. S. Congress insisted?
Whose proposal did Clinton say in a commencement address at the Coast Guard Academy in New London?
What did Clinton say it makes ``before we know the details and dimension of the threat we face''?
What do we know?
When has the Republican-controlled U. S. Congress proposed to add billions of U. S. dollars to the Pentagon budget?
What did U. S. Defense Secretary William Perry tell reporters earlier in the week that the so-called the rogue nations could not build in at least 15 years?
What has insisted that the United States should develop and deploy a national missile defense system by 2003?
What is extremely remote?
What was Connecticut?
What has the Republican-controlled U. S. Congress proposed to add to the Pentagon budget in the fiscal years of 1995 and 1996?
What has it proposed to add billions of to the Pentagon budget in the fiscal years of 1995 and 1996?
Who know the details and dimension of the threat?
Who said it makes little sense to build a system now ``before we know the details and dimension of the threat we face''?
When did U. S. Defense Secretary William Perry tell reporters earlier in the week?
What has it proposed to add billions of U. S. dollars to in the fiscal years of 1995 and 1996?
What was New London?
What has the Republican-controlled U. S. Congress proposed to add billions of to the Pentagon budget in the fiscal years of 1995 and 1996?
What has proposed to add billions of U. S. dollars to the Pentagon budget in the fiscal years of 1995 and 1996?
Who told reporters earlier in the week that the so-called the rogue nations could not build long-range missiles against the United States in at least 15 years?
What was June 5?
What has the estimate prompted the House Republican leaders to pull their version of?
Who is the bill sponsored by?
What did Republicans argue during the Senate debate now because of?
Who expressed their support for the U. S. administration's stance on the issue?
What did the U. S. Senate fall short of by a party-line vote of 53-46?
What did the U. S. Senate fall short of the votes needed to end a Democratic filibuster against the missile defense legislation sponsored by Senate Majority Leader Bob Dole by?
Who has said that he favors a national missile defense?
When was WASHINGTON?
When did a recent Congressional Budget Office study estimate?
What does the United States have?
What has prompted the House Republican leaders to pull their version of the bill?
What has Russia deployed its system around?
What did Republicans argue during the Senate debate that a national missile defense system is needed now because of?
What has the estimate prompted the House Republican leaders to pull?
What did the U. S. Senate fall by a party-line vote of 53-46?
How many U. S. dollars did a recent Congressional Budget Office study estimate that the missile defense system would cost at its first stage?
Who said that the missile defense system would be too costly and undermine the strategic arms treaties with Russia?
What did Congress sources say today WASHINGTON-- The Republicans in the U. S. Congress have been blocked by Democrats in?
What were needed to end the debate?
Who does not believe that the system should be deployed now because the threat of missile attack is remote?
What has Russia deployed around Moscow?
What is sponsored by House Speaker Newt Gingrich?
What has no defense against a long-range missile?
Who has the estimate prompted to pull their version of the bill?
What estimated that the missile defense system would cost as much as 60 billion U. S. dollars at its first stage?
What is remote?
What are limited to build a single ballistic missile defense system under the 1972 Anti-Ballistic Missile Treaty?
What did Congress sources say today have been blocked by Democrats in their efforts for a legislation to deploy a nationwide ballistic missile defense system by 2003?
What has President Bill Clinton said?
What are the United States and Russia limited to build a single ballistic missile defense system under?
What has President Bill Clinton said that he favors?
Who argued during the Senate debate that a national missile defense system is needed now because of the growing threat of missile attacks on the U. S. targets?
What were needed to bring on a vote on the Defend America Act calling for the deployment of the defense system?
What did Democrats say?
What has deployed its system around Moscow?
What did Republicans argue during that a national missile defense system is needed now because of the growing threat of missile attacks on the U. S. targets?
What does President Bill Clinton not believe?
When did a recent Congressional Budget Office study estimate that the missile defense system would cost as much as 60 billion U. S. dollars?
What did a recent Congressional Budget Office study estimate that the missile defense system would cost at its first stage?
What did Democrats express?
What did the Defense Department say WASHINGTON, June 24-- The U. S. military today tested over a sensor designed to detect?
What are identified?
What was Vandenberg Air Force Base?
What said WASHINGTON, June 24-- The U. S. military today tested over the Pacific Ocean a sensor designed to detect?
What was California?
What did the Defense Department plan to develop weapons for by 1999?
What did it say a rocket carrying an optical sensor and data system was fired from for the test under the national missile defense program?
Who has announced plans to spend an additional 2 billion dollars on the multi-billion missile defense program over the next five years?
What was Boeing Company?
What planned then to decide whether to deploy 1999 within three years?
Who are identified?
What did the Defense Department plan to develop for a national missile defense system by 1999?
What planned to develop weapons for a national missile defense system by 1999?
What planned then to decide whether to deploy it within three years?
What did the sensor launch 21 minutes earlier from?
When did the Defense Department plan then to decide?
What has Defense Secretary William Cohen announced?
What launched 21 minutes earlier from Vandenberg Air Force Base?
What is designed to be mounted on small rockets to collide with enemy nuclear warheads once they are identified and tracked?
What was located dummy warhead targets from a Minuteman-2 missile?
What was the sensor built by?
When did the Defense Department plan to develop weapons for a national missile defense system?
What did it say was fired from Kwajalein Missile Range in the Marshall Islands for the test under the national missile defense program?
What did the Defense Department say WASHINGTON, June 24-- The U. S. military today tested over a sensor designed to track incoming nuclear missiles?
What was built by Boeing Company?
What said WASHINGTON, June 24-- The U. S. military today tested over the Pacific Ocean a sensor designed to track incoming nuclear missiles?
What did the Defense Department say WASHINGTON, June 24-- The U. S. military today tested over the Pacific Ocean?
What are tracked?
Who are tracked?
What did it say a rocket carrying an optical sensor and data system was fired from Kwajalein Missile Range in the Marshall Islands for the test under?
What did Defense Secretary William Cohen announce WASHINGTON awarded a research and development contract to to coordinate a missile-defense system?
What has been achieved?
What will Boeing design a system of ground-based interceptor missiles and space-based satellites for during the research?
What will Boeing integrate'' to guard the nation against ballistic missile attack under the 1. 6 billion dollar contract?
Who will be tied together with a sophisticated battle management control?
Who announced WASHINGTON awarded a research and development contract to Seattle's Boeing Co. to coordinate a missile-defense system?
What is emerging from former U. S. president?
When was WASHINGTON?
What has experienced four successive failures?
What did the Pentagon say towards?
What did Defense Secretary William Cohen announce WASHINGTON awarded to Seattle's Boeing Co. to coordinate a missile-defense system?
What will Boeing integrate a variety of components for a space-age ``National Missile Defense'' to guard against ballistic missile attack under the 1. 6 billion dollar contract?
What did Cohen say the United States was making?
Who will design a system of ground-based interceptor missiles and space-based satellites for missile launch detection and communications during the research?
What did the Pentagon say could eventually reach 5. 2 billion dollars if the system works and moves towards deployment?
What did the Pentagon say the value of the contract could eventually reach if the system works and moves towards deployment?
How many successive failures has that program experienced?
Who said the value of the contract could eventually reach 5. 2 billion dollars if the system works and moves towards deployment?
What did Defense Secretary William Cohen announce awarded a research and development contract to Seattle's Boeing Co. to coordinate a missile-defense system?
If the system works, what could make a decision to deploy it in 2003?
What did Cohen say?
What will Boeing design for missile launch detection and communications during the research?
What is the NMD?
What will be tied together with a sophisticated battle management control?
What has that program experienced?
If the system works, what could the Pentagon make?
What did Defense Secretary William Cohen announce WASHINGTON awarded a research and development contract to Seattle's Boeing Co. to coordinate?
What is Ronald Reagan's ``Star Wars'' program?
What will Boeing integrate a variety of components for a space-age ``National Missile Defense'' to guard the nation against ballistic missile attack under?
What will they be tied together with?
What did Reagan put up more than a decade ago?
Who put up his plan more than a decade ago?
What will Boeing design a system of ground-based interceptor missiles and space-based satellites for missile launch detection and communications during?
Whose ``Star Wars'' program is the NMD?
What will Boeing integrate a variety of components for a space-age ``National Missile Defense'' to guard the nation against under the 1. 6 billion dollar contract?
Who said the United States was making ``great progress'' towards solving the technological problems involved in producing a national missile defense system?
What is also trying to develop an even more limited Theater Missile Defense program to protect troops and bases from missile attack around the world?
What has the United States spent billions of on nuclear missile defense since Reagan put up his plan more than a decade ago?
Who will design under the 1. 6 billion dollar contract?
What will missile launch detection and communications be tied together with?
What will Boeing design a system of for missile launch detection and communications during the research?
What will Boeing integrate a variety of'' to guard the nation against ballistic missile attack under the 1. 6 billion dollar contract?
What was April 30-- The United States Defense Department on Thursday?
How many dollars did the Pentagon say the value of the contract could eventually reach if the system works and moves towards deployment?
What has spent billions of dollars on nuclear missile defense since Reagan put up his plan more than a decade ago?
What will Boeing design under?
What has the United States spent billions of dollars on since Reagan put up his plan more than a decade ago?
What is to stop a smaller or accidental attack by another country against the United States?
What has the United States spent on nuclear missile defense since Reagan put up his plan more than a decade ago?
Who will integrate a variety of components for a space-age ``National Missile Defense'' to guard the nation against ballistic missile attack under the 1. 6 billion dollar contract?
What did Cohen say was making ``great progress'' towards solving the technological problems involved in producing a national missile defense system?
What did the Defense Department say in a statement failed to intercept a target on Tuesday?
What was May 12-- The Pentagon's fifth missile defense system?
What appeared to be caused by a booster rocket problem?
What was New Mexico?
What did the missile hit the missile range about three kilometers north of?
What did the missile hit?
When was WASHINGTON?
What was White Sands Missile Range?
What did the program emerge 15 years ago from?
What said the interceptor missile and target debris landed on the missile range?
What was the eighth overall for the THAAD and the fifth involving an actual missile flight and attempted intercept?
Who was the missile built by?
What emerged from former U. S. President Ronald Reagon's ``Star War'' plan 15 years ago?
What did the statement say the missile lost shortly after launch?
What did a statement appear to be caused by?
What did the statement say lost control shortly after launch?
What was done at White Sands Missile Range?
What hit the missile range about three kilometers north of the launch site?
Whose ``Star War'' plan did the program emerge 15 years ago from?
Whose fifth missile defense system is to provide broader defensive coverage than the Patriot missile system?
What did the statement say landed on the missile range?
What is to provide broader defensive coverage than the Patriot missile system?
What is designed to provide U. S. forces in the field protection from attack by Scud and other short- and medium-range missiles?
What was to be deployed in three years if necessary?
What was the test on the Theater High-Altitude Area Defense, or THAAD system, done at?
When did the Defense Department say in a statement WASHINGTON failed to intercept a target?
What was the test at 7:20 a. m. EDT?
What did the statement say the missile lost control shortly after?
What did it appear to be caused by?
What did the Defense Department say in a statement WASHINGTON failed to intercept on Tuesday?
What did the Defense Department say in WASHINGTON failed to intercept a target on Tuesday?
What was built by Lockhead Martin Corp.?
What said in a statement WASHINGTON failed to intercept a target on Tuesday?
What said the missile lost control shortly after launch?
What did the statement say the interceptor missile and target debris landed on?
What did the Theater High-Altitude Area Defense fail to intercept during a test at the White Sands Missile Range?
Whose call for a national missile defense system did India's nuclear tests in the last couple of days back?
What did India's nuclear tests in the last couple of days back?
What did WASHINGTON say Wednesday that it would continue testing despite five consecutive test failures?
Who is the missile system built by?
Who said ``technology can be very complicated?''
What was New Mexico?
What did he add with?
What said Wednesday that it would continue testing its costly anti-missile defense system despite five consecutive test failures?
When was WASHINGTON?
What is supposed to be an improvement on the Patriot missile system?
What has endorsed that figure?
What does President Bill Clinton's budget request for missile defense seek for continued testing and development of THAAD next year?
Who added that Pentagon would press forward with the 15 billion U. S. dollar program?
What did they cite India's nuclear tests as?
What did Defense Secretary William Cohen add that Pentagon would press forward with?
Who did Defense Secretary William Cohen tell a Senate defense subcommittee Wednesday ``'re bound to have failures''?
What did the Pentagon say in a written statement, ``Preliminary investigation indicates shortly after''?
What did India's nuclear tests in the last couple of days cite as fresh evidence of the need for such a program?
What seeks 822 million dollars for continued testing and development of THAAD next year?
What did the Pentagon say in, ``Preliminary investigation indicates that the THAAD missile lost control shortly after launch''?
What did WASHINGTON say Wednesday that it would continue testing its costly anti-missile defense system despite?
What failed to intercept a target ballistic missile during a test at the White Sands Missile Range?
What was the White Sands Missile Range?
What did Defense Secretary William Cohen tell a Senate defense subcommittee Wednesday ``We 're bound to have''?
What is designed to protect troops in the field from attack by Scud and other short- and medium-range missiles?
What did they cite as fresh evidence of the need for such a program?
What did he add that Pentagon would press forward with?
Who told a Senate defense subcommittee Wednesday ``We 're bound to have failures''?
What backed Republican lawmakers ' call for a national missile defense system?
What did WASHINGTON say Wednesday despite?
Who cited India's nuclear tests as fresh evidence of the need for such a program?
What did Defense Secretary William Cohen tell a Senate defense subcommittee Wednesday ?
Whose budget request for missile defense seeks 822 million dollars for continued testing and development of THAAD next year?
What did Defense Secretary William Cohen add with?
How many dollars does President Bill Clinton's budget request for missile defense seek for continued testing and development of THAAD next year?
What did the Associated Press report Wednesday the Army wants to begin buying 40 interceptor missiles as a first installment on?
What did the Theater High-Altitude Area Defense fail to intercept a target ballistic missile during?
What is built by Lockheed Martin Corp.?
What does President Bill Clinton's budget request for missile defense seek 822 million dollars for?
When did WASHINGTON say that it would continue testing its costly anti-missile defense system despite five consecutive test failures?
What did India's nuclear tests in the last couple of days cite India's nuclear tests as?
What cited India's nuclear tests as fresh evidence of the need for such a program?
What has the House National Security Committee endorsed?
Who said in a written statement, ``Preliminary investigation indicates that the THAAD missile lost control shortly after launch''?
What was May 13-- U. S. Defense Department?
When did a defense official say WASHINGTON-- A U. S. anti-missile missile failed for the sixth time to hit a flying target?
What was March 29?
Who said WASHINGTON-- A U. S. anti-missile missile failed Monday for the sixth time to hit a flying target?
What was the ninth in a series of 13 flight tests for the THAAD missile program and the sixth attempt at intercepting a missile?
When was WASHINGTON?
How many U. S. dollars has the system cost so far?
What has cost 3. 8 billion U. S. dollars so far?
What was Huntsville?
Who said, ``The telemetry data is still coming in''?
Who said it was not immediately known why the Theater High-Altitude Area Defense missile failed to intercept the target missile Monday morning?
What was the test the ninth in at intercepting a missile?
What did a defense official say failed Monday for the sixth time to hit a flying target?
Who said, ``air and missile defense 're still analyzing the telemetry data''?
Who said, ``they 're still analyzing it''?
Who was Bob Hunt?
What did Bob Hunt say was not immediately known why the Theater High-Altitude Area Defense missile failed to intercept the target missile Monday morning?
What has the system cost so far?
When did a defense official say WASHINGTON-- A U. S. anti-missile missile failed Monday?
Who was spokesman for the Army program executive office for air and missile defense in Huntsville?
What was the test in a series of 13 flight tests for the THAAD missile program and the sixth attempt at intercepting a missile?
What was Alabama State?
What did the Defense Department charge during a March 29 test as required by its 15 billion U. S. dollars contract?
What was fired from the White Sands Missile Range in New Mexico State of the United States?
What was a 15-million-U. S. -dollar penalty for not achieving a hit?
What has technology that is the most sophisticated military weaponry?
What has the system cost?
What did the Defense Department charge Lockheed Martin Corporation during as required by its 15 billion U. S. dollars contract?
What was the Hera target missile fired from in New Mexico State of the United States?
Who was the maker of the antimissile system?
What charged Lockheed Martin Corporation during a March 29 test as required by its 15 billion U. S. dollars contract?
What had failed in six previous flights to hit flying targets?
What had the Army planned to launch?
Who was Lockheed Martin Corporation?
What would it contribute to?
What had the Army planned to launch a Theater High-Altitude Area Defense missile to knock the target missile out of?
What was the Hera target missile fired from the White Sands Missile Range in?
Who was Jim Eckles?
What was the antimissile system?
What does the antimissile missile have?
What did Jim Eckles say the U. S. Army was not immediately known?
What had the THAAD missile failed in six previous flights to hit?
Who said the U. S. Army was not immediately known what the problem was?
What would an antimissile missile contribute to?
What did Jim Eckles say it was not immediately known?
What had planned to launch a Theater High-Altitude Area Defense missile to knock the target missile out of the sky?
Who was a White Sands Missile Range spokesman?
What has cost at least 3. 8 billion U. S. dollars?
What would contribute to development of a system that could protect the United States?
Where was the Hera target missile fired from the White Sands Missile Range?
What did Jim Eckles say was not immediately known what the problem was?
How many U. S. dollars has the system cost?
What was Lockheed Martin Corporation the maker of?
What had the THAAD missile failed in to hit flying targets?
Who said it was not immediately known what the problem was?
What was not launched?
What was aborted May 25 when a Hera target tumbled out of control shortly after launch?
What is being developed by Lockheed Martin Corporation to collide with attacking enemy warheads in flight?
When did the Defense Department announce?
What announced Monday?
What is the Theater High-Altitude Area Defense missile being developed by to collide with attacking enemy warheads in flight?
Who was missile?
When was the most recent test aborted when a Hera target tumbled out of control shortly after launch?
When was WASHINGTON?
What is the Theater High-Altitude Area Defense missile being developed by to track?
What was White Sands?
What does Pentagon insist from despite the failures to date?
What did the Defense Department cite a number of reasons for the THAAD system's failures so far on?
What is designed to protect troops and bases from medium-range ballistic missile attack?
What cited a number of reasons for the THAAD system's failures so far on the interceptor rocket?
What did the Defense Department cite on the interceptor rocket?
What was designed to collide with and shatter enemy ballistic missiles?
What does the intercept take?
What insists that much is learned from each test whether or not the intercept takes place despite the failures to date?
What does Pentagon insist that much is learned from each test whether or not the intercept takes place despite?
What is being developed by Lockheed Martin Corporation to track?
What does Pentagon insist that much is learned from whether or not the intercept takes place despite the failures to date?
Who said?
What takes place?
Who was New Mexico State?
What did the Defense Department cite a number of on the interceptor rocket?
What was June 7-- The U. S. military?
What is being developed by Lockheed Martin Corporation to collide with attacking enemy warheads in flight?
What said WASHINGTON, June 10-- The U. S. military successfully tested an anti-missile defense system Thursday by destroying a missile with another one high over New Mexico State?
What did the success follow?
What was White Sands?
What is the THAAD being developed by to track?
What hit?
What did the U. S. Army's Theater High-Altitude Area Defense missile destroy a Hera test rocket in?
What is the THAAD being developed by to collide with attacking enemy warheads in flight?
Who said, ``the Defense Department was a successful intercept''?
What destroyed a Hera test rocket in flight over White Sands?
What did the Defense Department say WASHINGTON, June 10-- The U. S. military successfully tested an anti-missile defense system Thursday by destroying a missile with?
What did the U. S. Army's Theater High-Altitude Area Defense missile destroy in flight over White Sands?
How many consecutive failure attempts did the success follow?
What is being developed by Lockheed Martin Corporation to track?
Who said, ``It was a successful intercept''?
Who was New Mexico State?
What followed six consecutive failure attempts?
What had the missile failed in?
What has the Defense Department spent on THAAD so far?
What did Franklin say have ``proven'' that the missile works?
What did he say will be made next year on beginning the next phase of the project?
What did WASHINGTON announce Thursday that it will skip a planned third test of?
Who said a final decision will be made next year on beginning the next phase of the project?
When was WASHINGTON?
What did Franklin say?
Who said next year would require Lockheed Martin to validate its design by scoring three successful intercepts?
What was August 19-- The U. S. Defense Department?
What did Franklin not say than?
What did the Pentagon say it would require Lockheed Martin to validate by scoring three successful intercepts?
What did the Pentagon say next year would require Lockheed Martin to validate by scoring three successful intercepts?
How many successful tests this summer did Franklin say have ``proven'' that the missile works?
What has spent about 4 billion U. S. dollars on THAAD so far?
What announced Thursday that it will skip a planned third test of an anti-missile missile?
What recorded its first success on June 10 this year?
When did Franklin say a final decision will be made on beginning the next phase of the project?
What did critics say after the second successful test in August against?
Who did the Pentagon say it would require to validate its design by scoring three successful intercepts?
Who did not say whether skipping the final flight test will enable it to be fielded earlier than that?
What has the Defense Department spent about 4 billion U. S. dollars on so far?
Who said the two successful tests this summer have ``proven'' that the missile works?
What did Franklin say the two successful tests this summer have ``proven''?
What did the Pentagon say would require Lockheed Martin to validate its design by scoring three successful intercepts?
When did the Pentagon say would require Lockheed Martin to validate its design by scoring three successful intercepts?
Who said it would require Lockheed Martin to validate its design by scoring three successful intercepts?
What did WASHINGTON announce Thursday?
When did WASHINGTON announce that it will skip a planned third test of an anti-missile missile?
When did he say a final decision will be made on beginning the next phase of the project?
Who did the Pentagon say next year would require to validate its design by scoring three successful intercepts?
How many U. S. dollars has the Defense Department spent on THAAD so far?
What is scheduled to begin fielding the THAAD system in 2007?
What did WASHINGTON announce Thursday that it will skip?
What did the Pentagon say?
What did he say?
What did Franklin say will be made next year on beginning the next phase of the project?
What did critics say after the second successful test in August that the THAAD system should be tested against faster, more capable missiles than?
What had failed in its first six attempts to shoot down a mock warhead?
What did the U. S. Defense Department say WASHINGTON streaked into space on Tuesday night in?
What did the U. S. Defense Department say WASHINGTON failed to hit?
What did the U. S. Defense Department say WASHINGTON streaked into night in search of a mock warhead launched from an Air Force base in California?
What is the failure?
What is an apparent setback in the Pentagon's drive to develop a national missile defense system?
When was WASHINGTON?
What did the U. S. Defense Department say failed to hit the target?
What did the U. S. Defense Department say streaked into space on Tuesday night in search of a mock warhead launched from an Air Force base in California?
What was January 18-- A U. S. prototype missile interceptor?
What said WASHINGTON streaked into space on Tuesday night in search of a mock warhead launched from an Air Force base in California?
When did the U. S. Defense Department say WASHINGTON streaked into space on Tuesday in search of a mock warhead launched from an Air Force base in California?
What said WASHINGTON failed to hit the target?
What did the U. S. Defense Department say WASHINGTON streaked into space on Saturday morning in?
What did the U. S. Defense Department say WASHINGTON failed to hit?
What did the U. S. Defense Department say WASHINGTON streaked into on Saturday morning in search of a mock warhead launched from Vandenberg Air Force base in California State?
What is the failure?
What was July 8-- A U. S. prototype missile interceptor?
What said WASHINGTON streaked into space on Saturday morning in search of a mock warhead launched from Vandenberg Air Force base in California State?
What did the U. S. Defense Department say streaked into space on Saturday morning in search of a mock warhead launched from Vandenberg Air Force base in California State?
When was WASHINGTON?
What is an apparent setback in the Pentagon's dive to develop a National Missile Defense system?
What did the U. S. Defense Department say failed to hit the target?
When did the U. S. Defense Department say WASHINGTON streaked into space in search of a mock warhead launched from Vandenberg Air Force base in California State?
What said WASHINGTON failed to hit the target?
