What does WASHINGTON _ In an effort to resolve?
Who was William Murphy?
What did all decline to divulge details about?
What declined to divulge details about the meeting?
What contends that such efforts threaten privacy and free speech?
What keeps computer communications private?
Who is Feinstein?
What does Freeh want to be able to access encryption codes for wire-tapping and other criminal investigations?
What does the industry argue that the controls put at a competitive disadvantage?
What does WASHINGTON _ In to resolve bitter differences over data encryption?
What does the computer industry contend that such efforts threaten?
What does the data-scrambling technology keep private?
What is Feinstein?
What was William Murphy president of?
What did Feinstein say, ``I have always believed''?
Who was president of the National District Attorneys Association?
What is Sen. Dianne Feinstein?
What does the industry argue that the controls put U. S. companies at?
Who is the top Democrat on the Senate Judiciary Committee's panel on technology?
What also wants to maintain controls over exports of U. S. encryption technology?
Who wants the FBI to be able to access encryption codes for wire-tapping and other criminal investigations?
Who is data encryption?
What did all decline to divulge?
Who is D-Calif?
What _ In an effort to resolve bitter differences over data encryption?
What does the computer industry contend?
Who did the closed-door discussion bring together for the first time to review the data-scrambling technology?
Who was for ``frank and informal discussion''?
Who is a strong law-enforcement supporter?
What was Feinstein for?
What does the industry argue at?
What is terrorism and government information?
What is technology?
What argues that the controls put U. S. companies at a competitive disadvantage?
What did the closed-door discussion bring together for the first time?
What does the Clinton administration also want to maintain controls over?
What does the Clinton administration also want to maintain over exports of U. S. encryption technology?
Who said, ``The flag is the overwhelming symbol of our nation''?
What do other foes of the amendment say are extremely rare and do not warrant altering the Constitution?
What did she say in, ``To me that is not speech _ it's conduct''?
If a Republican-led constitutional amendment that would empower Congress to ban flag desecration passes the Senate, what would require ratification by three-fourths of the states?
Who said, ``In the form of shorts or a T-shirt, it's a piece of cloth''?
What has the proposed amendment already won?
Who said, ``The flag is the overwhelming symbol of 49 Republicans and 13 other Democrats's nation''?
What did WASHINGTON _ Sen. Dianne Feinstein say desecrating the American flag goes well beyond protections provided in the Constitution's First Amendment?
What did she liken the flag to?
What did those soldiers raise, ``At the same time that those soldiers raised the flag''?
What indicate 49 states have passed resolutions asking Congress to approve the necessary two-thirds majority?
What are two things that unify us?
Whose position runs counter to that of many Democrats?
What do polls indicate a majority of voters favor?
What did Feinstein say ``This is''?
What did it fall three votes short of?
What did WASHINGTON _ Sen. Dianne Feinstein say desecrating goes well beyond the free speech protections provided in the Constitution's First Amendment?
What did WASHINGTON _ Sen. Dianne Feinstein liken the flag to?
Who added that many soldiers ``carried the flag into battle and died for it''?
What did WASHINGTON _ Sen. Dianne Feinstein say desecrating the American flag goes well beyond the free speech?
What did Feinstein say ?
What is Chairman Orrin G. Hatch?
If it passes the Senate, what would the amendment require ratification by?
What did she say in an interview, ``To me that is not''?
If a Republican-led constitutional amendment that would empower Congress to ban flag desecration passes the Senate, what would the amendment require by three-fourths of the states?
What did the House vote in June 1997?
What has Senate Minority Leader Thomas A. Daschle said is important?
Who raised the hopes and the spirits of the entire nation, ``At the same time that those soldiers raised the flag''?
If it passes the Senate, what would the amendment require by three-fourths of the states?
What the proposed amendment would carve out by giving Congress the power to enact laws against flag desecration?
What says it can count 64 senators for the amendment?
If it passes the Senate, what would require ratification by three-fourths of the states?
What passed the House by a 312-120 vote before failing in the Senate?
What did WASHINGTON _ Sen. Dianne Feinstein detour from Thursday?
When did Feinstein join 49 Republicans and 13 other Democrats in voting for a flag-protection amendment?
How many senators does the Citizens Flag Alliance say it can count for the amendment?
Who said desecrating it goes well beyond the free speech protections provided in the Constitution's First Amendment?
What would have allowed state legislatures as well as Congress to enact flag-protection laws?
What do polls indicate 49 states have passed resolutions asking to approve the necessary two-thirds majority?
What has already won House approval?
Who detoured from the Democratic leadership Thursday?
Who do polls indicate?
What is Republicans?
What does the amendment need?
What was Feinstein?
How many votes or two-thirds of the senators present to pass does the amendment need?
What indicate 49 states have passed resolutions asking Congress to approve it?
What do polls indicate 49 states have passed resolutions asking Congress to approve?
What has Senate Minority Leader Thomas A. Daschle said is more important?
What did she say desecrating beyond?
What has Senate Minority Leader Thomas A. Daschle said?
What has wide support from Republicans?
Who said burning?
What do polls indicate have passed resolutions asking Congress to approve the necessary two-thirds majority?
What do polls indicate 49 states have passed asking Congress to approve it?
What would that amendment have allowed to enact flag-protection laws?
Who is R-Utah?
How many things that unify 49 Republicans and 13 other Democrats are language and our flag?
What did she say desecrating goes well beyond the free speech protections provided in the Constitution's First Amendment?
What did they raise, ``At the same time that those soldiers raised the flag''?
When did the House vote 310-114 House vote in favor of the amendment?
What does the Citizens Flag Alliance say can count 64 senators for the amendment?
Who vowed to vote this fall for a Republican-led constitutional amendment that would empower Congress to ban flag desecration?
What did she liken to the Constitution?
Who does the Citizens Flag Alliance say it can count for the amendment?
Who likened the flag to the Constitution?
What did WASHINGTON _ Sen. Dianne Feinstein say desecrating beyond?
What did she say desecrating it goes well beyond protections provided in the Constitution's First Amendment?
Who did Feinstein join in voting for a flag-protection amendment in 1995?
What did WASHINGTON _ Sen. Dianne Feinstein liken to the Constitution?
What are language and our flag?
When fell three votes short of the necessary two-thirds majority?
What voted 310-114 House vote in favor of the amendment in June 1997?
Who said ``This is a very big issue for them''?
How many Republicans and 13 other Democrats did Feinstein join in voting for a flag-protection amendment in 1995?
Who said she recalls seeing a newspaper photo of Marines raising the flag at Iwo Jima in the final months of World War II?
What is Senate Majority Leader Trent Lott?
What is Senate Minority Leader Thomas A. Daschle?
What needs 67 votes or two-thirds of the senators present to pass?
What raised the hopes and the spirits of the entire nation, ``At the same time that those soldiers raised the flag''?
Who did Feinstein say recalls seeing a newspaper photo of Marines raising the flag at Iwo Jima in the final months of World War II?
What indicate a majority of voters favor the flag amendment?
When did Feinstein say she recalls seeing a newspaper photo of Marines raising the flag at Iwo Jima?
Who was 65?
Who said desecrating the American flag goes well beyond the free speech protections provided in the Constitution's First Amendment?
What would carve out an exception to the First Amendment by giving Congress the power to enact laws against flag desecration?
Who is including Senate Majority Leader Trent Lott?
What do polls indicate have passed resolutions asking Congress to approve it?
What would the flag amendment overturn?
What would overturn U. S. Supreme Court rulings in 1989 and 1990 that struck down state and federal flag desecration laws as unconstitutional violations of freedom of speech?
How many states do polls indicate have passed resolutions asking Congress to approve the necessary two-thirds majority?
What do polls indicate 49 states have passed resolutions asking to approve it?
Who do polls indicate favor the flag amendment?
What have lobbied for the amendment this year and in the past?
What did the 1995 flag amendment pass the House by before failing in the Senate?
Who is D-S. D.?
What would that amendment have allowed state legislatures as well as Congress to enact?
What runs counter to that of many Democrats?
How many states do polls indicate have passed resolutions asking Congress to approve it?
What are two things that unify 49 Republicans and 13 other Democrats?
What do other foes of the amendment say?
What did the 1995 flag amendment pass by a 312-120 vote before failing in the Senate?
Who is R-Miss?
Who has said the flag is important?
What fell three votes short of the necessary two-thirds majority?
What did she say desecrating it goes well beyond the free speech?
When did Feinstein say?
Who said, ``It was one of the most graphic images I have ever seen''?
What did California's senior senator say she has believed since childhood?''
Who say flag burnings or other methods of flag desecration are extremely rare and do not warrant altering the Constitution?
Who said, ``In the form of shorts or a T-shirt, that's a piece of cloth''?
What did Feinstein add into?
Who joined 49 Republicans and 13 other Democrats in voting for a flag-protection amendment in 1995?
What do polls indicate?
If a Republican-led constitutional amendment that would empower Congress to ban flag desecration passes the Senate, what would the amendment require ratification by?
How many things that unify us are language and our flag?
What did WASHINGTON _ Sen. Dianne Feinstein vow to vote this fall for?
When did California's senior senator say?''
Who said in an interview, ``To me that is not speech _ it's conduct''?
When did WASHINGTON _ Sen. Dianne Feinstein vow to vote for a Republican-led constitutional amendment that would empower Congress to ban flag desecration?
What does the Citizens Flag Alliance say it can count 64 senators for?
What did Feinstein say she recalls seeing raising the flag at Iwo Jima in the final months of World War II?
What did Feinstein say she recalls seeing a newspaper photo of Marines raising in the final months of World War II?
What is the Citizens Flag Alliance?
Who has said freedom of speech is more important?
What did 1995 fall three votes short of?
What is a group pushing the amendment?
What does the flag amendment have?
What does Feinstein's position run counter to?
What does the Citizens Flag Alliance say for?
When did WASHINGTON _ Sen. Dianne Feinstein detour from the Democratic leadership?
What did Feinstein say ``is a very big issue for them''?
What do polls indicate 49 states have passed asking Congress to approve the necessary two-thirds majority?
Who did Feinstein say she recalls seeing a newspaper photo of raising the flag at Iwo Jima in the final months of World War II?
Who were unretractable words not those of a politician denying something for which he was embarrassed to?
Who said ``. . . I want to say one thing to the American people''?
What was the coming of September not until Friday to?
What makes that dreadful, point-of-no-return denial back in January?
Who do you defend?
Who goes out?
What has she learned that once a few words have been spoken on this sordid affair, the surest way to protect your honor is to keep your distance?
Who was those unforgettable?
What has Feinstein avoided the contamination of?
Who do I want to listen to me?
Who have not been so lucky?
What have a few words been spoken on?
What has he corrupted in undeniable?
What does a disappointed Clinton say that he has gone to the trouble of re-reading his Aug. 17 televised speech to the nation and can find no deficiency from?
Who has she refused to give on the hottest topic in Washington?
Who conveys the disquiet of her soul in the quiet of her bearing?
What was I present in in January when the president categorically denied any sexual involvement with Monica Lewinsky?
Who does the senator from California convey the disquiet of?
When was I present in the Roosevelt Room when the president categorically denied any sexual involvement with Monica Lewinsky?
What did Clinton say ?
What continues to echo?
Who insisted last month on national television?
Who 'm going to say this again?
What is enviable in today's climate?
What is such discretion enviable in?
Who did Clinton say ``. . . want to say one thing to the American people''?
Who believed him?
What was President Clinton present in in January when the president categorically denied any sexual involvement with Monica Lewinsky?
Who regretted having ``misled'' us?
Who do President Clinton defend?
Who do I want you to listen to?
What were not those of a politician denying something for which he was embarrassed to Feinstein?
What has she refused to give journalists what they desire most: words on?
Who has corrupted the language in undeniable?
What has Monica Lewinsky refused to give journalists what this desire most: words on?
When did he insist on national television?
What was Feinstein?
What has Monica Lewinsky learned the hard way on?
What was this?
Who is the blame for the failed communication hung on?
Who wants you to listen to me?
Whose fault must Moscow be?
Who want you to listen to me?
Who were unretractable words not those of to Feinstein?
What is hung on the listener?
Who was present in the Roosevelt Room in January when the president categorically denied any sexual involvement with Monica Lewinsky?
Who denied having ``sexual relations?''
What can still be heard?
Who must contend with the outrage of those who spent winter?
What has Feinstein avoided?
What has brought a new cargo of verbal rubble?
When did Caught insist on national television?
What did I not have?
Who has refused to give journalists what this desire most: words on the hottest topic in Washington?
Who do President Clinton want you to listen to?
What has President Clinton corrupted in undeniable?
What were not those of a politician denying something for which Sen. Dianne Feinstein was embarrassed to Feinstein?
Who do he regret having ``misled''?
Who did I believe?
What was the coming of September not until Friday that the man who admitted to a liaison that was ``not appropriate'' could be coaxed to?
Who has refused to give journalists what they desire most: words on the hottest topic in Washington?
When does Feinstein's statement make that dreadful, point-of-no-return denial?
What must be the listener's fault?
Whose soul in the quiet of her bearing does the senator from California convey the disquiet of?
Who were unretractable words not those of a politician denying something for which Sen. Dianne Feinstein was embarrassed to?
Who says that he has gone to the trouble of re-reading his Aug. 17 televised speech to the nation and can find no deficiency from Moscow?
Who corrupted?
What is Monica Lewinsky?
What did he insist last month on?
What must Moscow be?
What has the coming of September brought a new cargo of?
What did Caught insist last month on?
Who has Monica Lewinsky refused to give on the hottest topic in Washington?
When was President Clinton present in the Roosevelt Room when the president categorically denied any sexual involvement with Monica Lewinsky?
Who did not have sexual relations with that woman. . . Miss Lewinsky?
Who do President Clinton want to listen to me?
What does the senator from California convey?
Who has been especially eloquent in this twilight struggle?
What has the coming of September brought?
Who defends me?
What do I 'm going to say again?
What must it be?
What did President Clinton not have?
What were unretractable words to Feinstein?
What does Feinstein's statement make back in January?
What does a disappointed Clinton say to from Moscow?
What did Clinton say ``. . . I want to say''?
Who conveys the disquiet of Monica Lewinsky's soul in the quiet of her bearing?
What must Clinton contend with?
Who did President Clinton believe?
What was Sen. Dianne Feinstein's morning-after reaction to the president's address on Aug. 17?
What was it not until Friday to?
What has she learned the hard way on?
Who 'mes going to say this again?
Who has avoided the contamination of the Lewinsky Affair?
What was it not until Friday that the man who admitted to a liaison that was ``not appropriate'' could be coaxed to?
Whose statement continues to echo?
What has the senator from California been especially eloquent in?
Whose statement makes that dreadful, point-of-no-return denial back in January?
Whose fault must it be?
What is to keep an impressive silence?
What have been spoken on this sordid affair?
What do President Clinton 'm going to say again?
Whose morning-after reaction to the president's address on Aug. 17 was this?
Who is a subject for clergymen?
Who defend me?
Who go out?
What did I feel?
What did Feinstein say her office had received about 12,000 phone calls from since Friday?
What accused the president of perjury in trying to conceal the Lewinsky affair?
Who has not talked to the president?
Who said, ``To be candid, , has acknowledged the affair occurred?'s still hard to believe''?
What did I feel a gut-level deep sense of?
What did, said talk about whether Clinton should resign say should be allowed to play out?
What did Feinstein say had received about 12,000 phone calls from constituents since Friday?
When is Feinstein the senior senator from California?
What did Feinstein say she turned down an offer from to talk with the president about the Lewinsky affair?
What did Feinstein say ?
What did Feinstein, feel?
When does it's the future too?
What did Clinton admit having?
Whose affair did Feinstein refer to with Monica Lewinsky?
When did, has acknowledged the affair occurred? take place?
Who was a task?
What did Feinstein say she turned down from one of Clinton's aides to talk with the president about the Lewinsky affair?
Who said she turned down an offer from one of Clinton's aides to talk with the president about the Lewinsky affair?
What did Feinstein say ``was an intern''?
Who did Feinstein say ``the body language'' and the ``directness of the statement'' convinced her was telling the truth?
What did, said talk about whether Clinton should resign say?
What was perjury abuse of of justice?
Who said ``This was an intern''?
What does this have on it?
Who did Feinstein say she turned down an offer from one of Clinton's aides to talk with about the Lewinsky affair?
Who has consulted on other matters with members of his administration?
Who did Feinstein recall from?
Who did Feinstein say, ``I said to''?
Who is the senior senator from California Clinton has assiduously courted throughout his presidency?
Who feel a personal sense of betrayal?
Who hope the report of Independent Counsel Kenneth Starr, a task does not drag on for a year and a half?
What did it take in the 1960s?
Who was ambivalent about the impending release of a videotape of the president's Aug. 17 testimony before the federal grand jury investigating his conduct?
Who has she consulted on other matters with?
When do I hope?
However who can separate my personal dismay and disappointment from what I have to do as a senator? '
What was this while he was president?
Who have Clinton's admission that Clinton lied about the Lewinsky affair, and the sordid details surrounding this, drawn in Congress to criticize the president's conduct?
What was Feinstein before the federal grand jury investigating his conduct?
What's not just the president?
Who did Feinstein tell her faith in the president's credibility was badly ``shattered'' at the time?
Who was even more certain?
What was California?
When did Feinstein tell reporters her faith in the president's credibility was badly ``shattered''?
Who feels a personal sense of betrayal?
What have most stopped short of saying from because of an extramarital relationship?
Who said, ``To be candid, it's still hard to believe''?
What have stopped short of saying Clinton should be forced from office because of an extramarital relationship?
Who did Clinton dispatch members of his Cabinet to convince he was telling the truth?
Who did the Starr report accuse in trying to conceal the Lewinsky affair?
What do Feinstein, feel a personal sense of?
Who ran for Congress?
What did Clinton dispatch members of to convince others he was telling the truth?
What does this have a long, long tail on?
Who felt a gut-level deep sense of betrayal?
When does it's too?
Who did Feinstein say believed that for seven months?
When does this's the future too?
What is, said talk about whether Clinton should resign?
What was this while Feinstein, was president?
Who said she believed that for seven months?
What did Feinstein say convinced her he was telling the truth?
Who did Feinstein refer to Clinton's affair with?
Who is Feinstein the senior senator from California has assiduously courted throughout his presidency?
Who was Feinstein, ?
What did Feinstein, feel a gut-level deep sense of?
How many phone calls did Feinstein say her office had received from constituents since Friday?
Who said, ``I hope we can have a relatively short process''?
When did Feinstein say her office had received about 12,000 phone calls from constituents?
Who have Clinton's admission that he lied about the Lewinsky affair, and the sordid details surrounding it, drawn in Congress to criticize the president's conduct?
What did Feinstein say she believed for seven months?
What was a state?
When do Feinstein, hope?
Who is Feinstein Clinton has assiduously courted throughout his presidency?
Who said, ``some are irate''?
What did, has acknowledged the affair occurred? take in the 1960s?
Who heard the statement?
Who does it's not just?
Who said, ``some are extraordinarily supportive of the president''?
When was Feinstein'' she felt after reading the report of Independent Counsel Kenneth Starr she said took four hours in a rare interview in her office?
When is Feinstein the senior senator from California Clinton has assiduously courted?
What did Feinstein say, ``I hope''?
When did Feinstein say she believed that?
What does that's?
Who said her office had received about 12,000 phone calls from constituents since Friday?
What took place in the 1960s?
What did Feinstein, hear?
Who did Clinton dispatch members of his Cabinet to convince others was telling the truth?
However what can Feinstein, separate from what I have to do as a senator? '
What proceeds with its own assessment of whether Clinton committed impeachable offenses?
What did Feinstein say ``the body language'' and the ``directness of the statement'' convinced her?
What was Feinstein at times at a loss for words when trying to describe the ``sadness and disappointment'' in a rare interview in her office?
What is way premature?
What do I hope does not drag on for a year and a half?
What did I hear?
What was something while Feinstein, was president?
What do I feel a personal sense of?
When do Feinstein, hope the report of Independent Counsel Kenneth Starr, a task does not drag on?
What was Independent Counsel Kenneth Starr?
What was abuse of power and obstruction of justice?
Who was he?
What did Clinton dispatch members of his Cabinet to convince others?
When do I hope it does not drag on?
Who does this's not just?
Who did Feinstein say ``This was''?
What did Feinstein tell reporters was badly ``shattered'' at the time?
Who also said she the House Judiciary Committee must be bipartisan as it proceeds with its own assessment of whether Clinton committed impeachable offenses?
Who was president?
When does this's too?
Who told reporters her faith in the president's credibility was badly ``shattered'' at the time?
What did Feinstein tell reporters at the time?
What's its pertinence?
What has a long, long tail on it?
Who did Clinton dispatch to convince others he was telling the truth?
Who did Feinstein say ``the body language'' and the ``directness of the statement'' convinced he was telling the truth?
What did Clinton dispatch members of his Cabinet to convince others he was telling?
Who said, ``Some people are in tears''?
Who said, ``I believed it and I believed it totally''?
Who said, ``On August 17 my world came crashing down'', ``On August 17 my world came crashing down''?
What was something while he was president?
What did Clinton go on?
What did she say, ``I believed''?
Who said ``the body language'' and the ``directness of the statement'' convinced her he was telling the truth?
What do I feel?
What did Feinstein refer to with Monica Lewinsky?
Who admitted having an extramarital relationship with Lewinsky?
Who said?
What do Feinstein, hope does not drag on for a year and a half?
What does it proceed with?
What did Hyde run for?
What was perjury abuse of power and obstruction of?
However what can I separate from what I have to do as a senator? '
What's the future of the American presidency too?
Who did Feinstein say turned down an offer from one of Clinton's aides to talk with the president about the Lewinsky affair?
Who dispatched members of his Cabinet to convince others he was telling the truth?
Who said, ``I said I did not want to talk to the president''?
Who D-Calif?
What did the Starr report accuse the president of in trying to conceal the Lewinsky affair?
What do Feinstein, feel?
What did Feinstein say her office had received from constituents since Friday?
What said the congressional investigation into alleged impeachable offenses should be allowed to play out?
What did she also say?
What did Feinstein say ``the body language'' and the ``directness of the statement'' convinced her he was telling?
What does House Judiciary Committee Chairman Henry Hyde had had an affair with a married woman in the 1960s proceed with?
What did Feinstein say?
What did Feinstein say she turned down an offer from one of Clinton's aides to talk with the president about?
Who was shattered?
When did Feinstein say?
Who went on national television?
Who referred to Clinton's affair with Monica Lewinsky?
What have most stopped short of saying Clinton should be forced from office because of?
Who hopes it does not drag on for a year and a half?
What was Feinstein ambivalent about the impending release of a videotape of the president's Aug. 17 testimony before?
What have drawn a growing number of Democrats in Congress to criticize the president's conduct?
What was perjury?
What has she consulted on with members of his administration?
What did Feinstein say from?
When did it take place?
Who has she not talked to?
What did he accuse Boxer of siding with the trial lawyers who supported Proposition 211 at?
Who did a Public Policy Institute of California poll last week have her in a dead heat with statewide?
What have some political observers criticized Boxer for doing little in her race against Fong to remind voters?
Who is counting on supporters like Helen Buckholtz?
What do I have to answer?
When did the Democratic incumbent remind voters of STOCKTON, Calif. _ Sen. Barbara Boxer's service in Washington in a campaign swing through California's fertile Central Valley?
What is that seen as than proof the negative commercials she has begun running against Fong on issues like abortion and the environment are cutting into his support?
What is that seen as less a sign of a newfound popularity for Boxer than?
Where did a Public Policy Institute of California poll last week show Boxer trailing Fong?
What's what we 're doing?
Who have some political observers criticized Boxer for doing little in her race against Fong to remind voters that she is?
What did the 1994 crime bill provide?
What are both Boxer and Fong crisscrossing with just days before the election?
What showed Boxer trailing Fong in the more conservative Central Valley?
Who did he accuse with the trial lawyers who supported Proposition 211 at a luncheon Wednesday at the San Jose Rotary Club?
What did the Democratic incumbent remind voters of her service in Washington over the past six years in?
Who said, ``She needs to focus on what she has delivered for California''?
What did he accuse Boxer of with the trial lawyers who supported Proposition 211 at a luncheon Wednesday at the San Jose Rotary Club?
Who did Fong say after Wednesday night, ``As a challenger, I need to raise the dollars to compete''?
When did Fong say after a $125,000 fund-raiser in San Francisco, ``As a challenger, I need to raise the dollars to compete''?
What did the Democratic incumbent remind voters of over the past six years in a campaign swing through California's fertile Central Valley?
What did a Public Policy Institute of California poll last week show Boxer trailing Fong in?
Who did he also say sided with labor union bosses in opposing broader trade-negotiating powers for the president?
What does he explain throughout?
Who did Helen Buckholtz say supports Sen. Dianne Feinstein but will not vote for Boxer because she's ``too negative, too partisan''?
What has become nearly all fund-raising for Fong?
Who is Sen. Dianne Feinstein?
Who did a Public Policy Institute of California poll last week show trailing Fong in the more conservative Central Valley?
Whose Republican opponent is state Treasurer Matt Fong?
Who's ``too negative, too partisan''?
What reminded voters of her service in Washington over the past six years in a campaign swing through California's fertile Central Valley?
Who is each still furiously raising money in order to with expensive, last-minute television commercials?
Who said, ``STOCKTON, Calif. _ Sen. Barbara Boxer needs to focus on what she has delivered for California''?
What is each still furiously raising in order to plaster voters with expensive, last-minute television commercials?
Whose service in Washington did the Democratic incumbent remind voters of over the past six years in a campaign swing through California's fertile Central Valley?
What has the campaign become for Fong?
Who also said Boxer sided with labor union bosses in opposing broader trade-negotiating powers for the president?
Who did a Public Policy Institute of California poll last week show Boxer trailing in the more conservative Central Valley?
Who told 50 supporters Thursday at an event in Stockton highlighting her support for the 1994 crime bill, ``We did a lot together''?
Who did he accuse Boxer of siding with at a luncheon Wednesday at the San Jose Rotary Club?
What shows Boxer pulling slightly ahead of her Republican opponent by 5 percentage points among those likely to vote in the Nov. 3 election?
What is each still furiously raising money in to plaster voters with expensive, last-minute television commercials?
Who has to answer those charges?
Whose Central Valley campaign tour Thursday took her through some areas where she has had little support in the past?
Who did Helen Buckholtz say for?
Who is fong counting on?
When are both Boxer and Fong crisscrossing the state?
What did many Silicon Valley companies fight?
What fought the initiative?
What are 49 percent to 44 percent?
Who was Barbara O'Connor?
Who said after a $125,000 fund-raiser in San Francisco Wednesday night, ``As a challenger, I need to raise the dollars to compete''?
Who is fighting to re-establish what some analysts say could be her greatest asset in her race for re-election: incumbency?
What provided funding for 173 new police officers in that city?
Who did the Democratic incumbent remind over the past six years in a campaign swing through California's fertile Central Valley?
What was a failed measure to allow shareholder lawsuits against companies if their stock price plummeted?
Who is a Democrat?
Who accused Boxer of siding with the trial lawyers who supported Proposition 211 at a luncheon Wednesday at the San Jose Rotary Club?
Who said she supports Sen. Dianne Feinstein but will not vote for Boxer because she's ``too negative, too partisan''?
What was Proposition 211?
Who was communications professor at California State University in Sacramento?
Who did he also say Boxer sided with in opposing broader trade-negotiating powers for the president?
What is each still furiously raising money in order to plaster voters with?
Who have criticized Boxer for doing little in her race against Fong to remind voters that she is a sitting senator at a time when the economy is solid?
Who did he also say with?
What did Boxer tell 50 supporters Thursday at an event in Stockton highlighting, ``We did a lot together''?
Who is her Republican opponent?
What took her through some areas where she has had little support in the past?
What did a Public Policy Institute of California poll last week have her in with her Republican challenger statewide?
What did Boxer tell 50 supporters Thursday at highlighting her support for the 1994 crime bill, ``We did a lot together''?
What did Boxer's Central Valley campaign tour Thursday take her through?
What does a new poll by the Los Angeles Times show Boxer pulling by 5 percentage points among those likely to vote in the Nov. 3 election?
What does a new poll by the Los Angeles Times show Boxer pulling slightly ahead of her Republican opponent by 5 percentage points among?
Who are crisscrossing the state with just days before the election?
What had her in a dead heat with her Republican challenger statewide?
Who has the campaign become nearly all fund-raising for?
What did the Democratic incumbent remind voters of STOCKTON, Calif. _ Sen. Barbara Boxer's service in Washington over the past six years in?
Who is STOCKTON, Calif. _ Sen. Barbara Boxer's Republican opponent?
Who did a Public Policy Institute of California poll last week have in a dead heat with her Republican challenger statewide?
Who did Boxer's Central Valley campaign tour Thursday take through some areas where she has had little support in the past?
Who said Barbara O'Connor supports Sen. Dianne Feinstein but will not vote for Boxer because she's ``too negative, too partisan''?
What are 5 percentage points?
Who is state Treasurer Matt Fong?
How many percentage points are 49 percent to 44 percent?
What is still furiously raising money in order to plaster voters with expensive, last-minute television commercials?
Who explains that he has held public events throughout the campaign, but must now focus on securing cash?
Who is a Portola Valley Republican?
Who is Helen Buckholtz?
What does that's?
When did the Democratic incumbent remind voters of her service in Washington in a campaign swing through California's fertile Central Valley?
What did Feinstein say she will push for the construction of new schools and work to discourage?
Who admitted to deceiving the nation about his affair with Monica Lewinsky?
Who think an angry rebuke of Clinton's extraordinarily important that this chapter be closed?
What did Rep. Chris Cox transfer campaign contributions into in order to keep his options open?
Who said Thursday from his Los Angeles home, ``I do not want to be senator''?
When did Feinstein say in an interview, ``The reason I did not run for governor is that I want to continue in the Senate''?
What do WASHINGTON _ California Sen. Dianne Feinstein think?
Who did Feinstein initially issue an angry rebuke of after he admitted to deceiving the nation about his affair with Monica Lewinsky?
What are being planned for both San Francisco and Los Angeles early next year?
What do I think it's extraordinarily important?
What are large fund-raising events being planned for early next year?
What has Feinstein earned?
Who has the 64-year-old former San Francisco mayor become one of in the state after three statewide campaigns in the 1990s?
Who has Sen. Barbara Boxer ``not seen anything'' to make think Clinton should be removed from office?
Who has become one of the most recognized and popular politicians in the state after three statewide campaigns in the 1990s?
Who do state election officials say could run for vice president and Senate at the same time?
What do Democrats believe have a chance to regain control of the Senate in 2000?
Who has ``not seen anything'' to make her think Clinton should be removed from office?
What not to run for governor earlier this year came after months of intrigue and public speculation?
What did Feinstein give her seat on the committee to Sen. Barbara Boxer as?
What did Multimillionaire Al Checchi lay to rest?
Whose seat on the committee did Feinstein give to Sen. Barbara Boxer as a way to help her fellow California Democrat's chances for re-election?
What did Feinstein say Sen. Barbara Boxer will push for the construction of new schools and work to discourage?
Who hold fewer of the seats up for re-election?
What have several Republicans expressed?
What did Rep. Chris Cox transfer into a Senate campaign account in order to keep WASHINGTON _ California Sen. Dianne Feinstein's options open?
What do WASHINGTON _ California Sen. Dianne Feinstein think an angry rebuke of Clinton's extraordinarily important?
Who will have a good opportunity to gauge the president's reaction to the House Judiciary Committee's inquiry?
What has the 64-year-old former San Francisco mayor become one of the most recognized and popular politicians in after three statewide campaigns in the 1990s?
Where has the 64-year-old former San Francisco mayor become one of the most recognized and popular politicians after three statewide campaigns in the 1990s?
Who has Sen. Barbara Boxer ``not seen anything'' to make her think should be removed from office?
Whose priorities for the next Congress did Feinstein discuss?
What did he admit to deceiving the nation about with Monica Lewinsky?
When are large fund-raising events being planned for both San Francisco and Los Angeles?
Whose event in San Francisco did Feinstein estimate with?
Who transferred campaign contributions into a Senate campaign account in order to keep his options open?
Who used the position to help lobby for _?
Who is R-Calif?
What is WASHINGTON _ California Sen. Dianne Feinstein leaving about her plans for re-election to the Senate?
What did Feinstein say for?
What did Rep. Chris Cox transfer into a Senate campaign account in order to keep his options open?
What is WASHINGTON _ California Sen. Dianne Feinstein leaving no suspense about her plans for re-election to?
Who did he admit to deceiving the nation about his affair with?
When did WASHINGTON _ California Sen. Dianne Feinstein's decision not to run for governor earlier this year come?
What has no Californian ever done?
Who was first elected to the Senate in 1992?
Whose seat on the Senate Foreign Relations Committee will Boxer now take?
What do Democrats believe?
What did Feinstein initially issue after he admitted to deceiving the nation about his affair with Monica Lewinsky?
How many tens of millions of dollars for California projects including BART, the Presidio and preservation of San Francisco Bay did Boxer use the position to then boast?
What did WASHINGTON _ California Sen. Dianne Feinstein admit to deceiving the nation about with Monica Lewinsky?
Who do voters elect?
What did Boxer use to help lobby for _?
Who believe they have a chance to regain control of the Senate in 2000?
Who said Thursday in an interview, ``The reason I did not run for governor is that I want to continue in the Senate''?
What did Boxer use the position to help?
What has she ``not seen anything'' to make her think Clinton should be removed from?
What did Feinstein say Thursday in an interview, ``The reason I did not run for governor is in''?
When was Feinstein first elected to the Senate?
Who did Feinstein give Sen. Barbara Boxer's seat on the committee to as a way to help her fellow California Democrat's chances for re-election?
Who transferred campaign contributions into a Senate campaign account in order to keep WASHINGTON _ California Sen. Dianne Feinstein's options open?
Who do state election officials say for?
Who has ever done it?
Whose strong showing in last month's elections was Democrats bolstered by?
What did Rep. Chris Cox transfer campaign contributions into in order to keep WASHINGTON _ California Sen. Dianne Feinstein's options open?
What do I think worldwide looks worse and worse?
Who gave Sen. Barbara Boxer's seat on the committee to Sen. Barbara Boxer as a way to help her fellow California Democrat's chances for re-election?
What did Rep. Chris Cox transfer campaign contributions into a Senate campaign account in order to keep open?
Who is Feinstein frequently mentioned as?
What does the influential Senate Appropriations Committee oversee?
When did the Democratic senator say that she will seek re-election in 2000, and will begin the effort later this month with a fund-raiser in San Francisco?
What will Boxer now take?
What will Feinstein have?
What is WASHINGTON _ California Sen. Dianne Feinstein leaving no suspense about to the Senate?
Whose decision not to run for governor earlier this year came after months of intrigue and public speculation?
Who has the 64-year-old former San Francisco mayor become in the state after three statewide campaigns in the 1990s?
What did Boxer use the position to then boast about _ tens of including BART, the Presidio and preservation of San Francisco Bay?
Who has she ``not seen anything'' to make think Clinton should be removed from office?
Who do Democrats believe have a chance to regain control of the Senate in 2000?
Who used the position to then boast about _ tens of millions of dollars for California projects including BART, the Presidio and preservation of San Francisco Bay?
What did WASHINGTON _ California Sen. Dianne Feinstein admit to deceiving about his affair with Monica Lewinsky?
What do WASHINGTON _ California Sen. Dianne Feinstein think's extraordinarily important that this chapter be closed?
What is going to work toward continuing in the United States Senate, ``At this point''?
What do I think?
What did Sen. Barbara Boxer also say?
What did Feinstein give Sen. Barbara Boxer's seat on the committee to Sen. Barbara Boxer as?
Who will now take Feinstein's seat on the Senate Foreign Relations Committee?
What do state election officials say Feinstein could run for vice president and Senate at?
Who do state election officials say Feinstein could run for at the same time?
What do I think worldwide?
Who discussed her priorities for the next Congress?
What may the Senate be consumed with a trial of President Clinton if the House approves articles of impeachment into?''
What is Rep. Tom Campbell?
What oversees $1. 5 trillion in annual discretionary spending?
Who gave her seat on the committee to Sen. Barbara Boxer as a way to help her fellow California Democrat's chances for re-election?
Who say Feinstein could run for vice president and Senate at the same time?
What do I think's extraordinarily important that this chapter be closed?
What did he admit to deceiving about his affair with Monica Lewinsky?
What did Rep. Chris Cox transfer campaign contributions into a Senate campaign account in to keep his options open?
Who did WASHINGTON _ California Sen. Dianne Feinstein admit to deceiving the nation about his affair with?
What do Republicans currently hold?
What is Rep. Chris Cox?
What did Checchi say Thursday from, ``I do not want to be senator''?
What do Democrats hold fewer of up for re-election?
What was Feinstein first elected to in 1992?
What did Feinstein say Sen. Barbara Boxer will push for the construction of new schools and work to discourage the practice of?
Who have expressed an interest in the seat?
Who elect a successor?
Who was bolstered by their strong showing in last month's elections?
Who has she ``not seen anything'' to make her think should be removed from office?
Who is leaving no suspense about her plans for re-election to the Senate?
What did Feinstein say she will push for the construction of new schools and work to discourage the practice of?
Who discussed Sen. Barbara Boxer's priorities for the next Congress?
What has the 64-year-old former San Francisco mayor become one of the most recognized and popular politicians in the state after?
Who did Feinstein give her seat on the committee to as a way to help her fellow California Democrat's chances for re-election?
Who would appoint a temporary replacement until voters elect a successor?
What do WASHINGTON _ California Sen. Dianne Feinstein think worldwide?
What has Feinstein reclaimed in a move that may boost her chances for re-election?
Whose options did Rep. Chris Cox transfer campaign contributions into a Senate campaign account in order to keep open?
Who is frequently mentioned as a potential running mate for the Democratic presidential nominee in 2000?
What has she ``not seen anything'' to make her think from?
What did Feinstein discuss?
What was Democrats bolstered by?
Who laid to rest rumors that he might be interested in challenging Feinstein in the Democratic primary?
What did Feinstein give to Sen. Barbara Boxer as a way to help her fellow California Democrat's chances for re-election?
When did the Democratic senator say Thursday?
Who currently hold a 55-to-45 advantage?
What has Sen. Barbara Boxer ``not seen anything'' to make her think Clinton should be removed from?
What has Sen. Barbara Boxer ``not seen anything'' to make her think from?
What did Boxer use to then boast about _ tens of millions of dollars for California projects including BART, the Presidio and preservation of San Francisco Bay?
What has Feinstein reclaimed her seat on the influential Senate Appropriations Committee in?
What did Rep. Chris Cox transfer campaign contributions into a Senate campaign account in to keep WASHINGTON _ California Sen. Dianne Feinstein's options open?
Who think worldwide the United States looks worse and worse?
Who has reclaimed her seat on the influential Senate Appropriations Committee in a move that may boost her chances for re-election?
What did she also say?
Who initially issued an angry rebuke of Clinton after he admitted to deceiving the nation about his affair with Monica Lewinsky?
Who made a bid for the Democratic nomination for governor earlier this year?
Who was bolstered by state election officials's strong showing in last month's elections?
Who has enlisted the help of longtime political advisers Kam Kuwata and Bill Carrick?
What did Boxer use the position to then boast?
What did Feinstein say Thursday in, ``The reason I did not run for governor is that I want to continue in the Senate''?
Who said Thursday that she will seek re-election in 2000, and will begin the effort later this month with a fund-raiser in San Francisco?
Who thinks it's extraordinarily important that this chapter be closed?
What do WASHINGTON _ California Sen. Dianne Feinstein think worldwide looks worse and worse?
Who is R-Newport Beach?
Who thinks worldwide the United States looks worse and worse?
When did Checchi say from his Los Angeles home, ``I do not want to be senator''?
What do Democrats hold up for re-election?
Who has earned a reputation as a no-nonsense centrist who works well with Republicans as well as Democrats?
What would Gov. Gray Davis appoint until voters elect a successor?
What did Feinstein estimate with?
What do Democrats believe they have?
Who have some conservative Republicans said will not back such a measure?
What do Democrats maintain that if a censure resolution is non-binding, it will not pose?
What did Sen. Jack Reed add that lawmakers need to find to ensure the resolution passes constitutional muster?
What would censure Clinton for both having the affair?
Who said a number of Republicans may find the censure option appealing if the Senate votes against articles of impeachment?
What was Senate Majority Leader Trent Lott?
Who said, ``From the very beginning of this process, I thought censure was appropriate''?
What did he add that lawmakers need to find the exact, appropriate wording to ensure passes constitutional muster?
What do Sen. Jack Reed start?
Whose resolution would censure Clinton for both having the affair?
What neither clears the president of criminal behavior nor implicates him?
What did he add?''
What would violate the separation-of-powers clause in the Constitution?
What does the measure instead focus on?
Whose resolution would censure him for both then concealing it from his cabinet, other government officials and the nation?
Who said Senate Majority Leader Trent Lott?
What would censure him for both having the affair?
What have some conservative Republicans said they will not back?
Who said of the resolution, ``It's a very good place to begin''?
What was asked about Feinstein's proposal?
Who starts a trial process?
Who added that the atmosphere is likely to get highly partisan and ``that could damage the Senate not just now but later on?''
What did he add?
Who have said they will not back such a measure?
What did Sen. Jack Reed add that lawmakers need to find the exact, appropriate wording to ensure the resolution passes?
What did Sen. Jack Reed say Feinstein's resolution is?
What did Sen. Jack Reed add that lawmakers need to find the exact, appropriate wording to ensure?
Who control 55 seats while the Democrats have 45 seats?
What did Reed say, ``From the very beginning of this process, I thought''?
What has Sen. Mike DeWine argued for instance?
Who start a trial process?
Who maintain that if a censure resolution is non-binding, it will not pose any constitutional problems?
Whose measure would be considered as a non-binding resolution that does not require a House vote or Clinton's signature?
What do you start?
What do the Democrats have?
What is Sen. Mike DeWine?
How many seats do the Democrats have?
What would be needed to approve a censure resolution?
What would it violate?
Who is R-Utah?
Who would Feinstein's resolution censure for both having the affair?
Who has Sen. Mike DeWine argued that the Senate cannot censure because it would violate the separation-of-powers clause in the Constitution for instance?
What do Democrats maintain?
What did Sen. Charles Schumer add?''
Who made clear they still believe that Republicans will be unable to muster the two-thirds majority needed to remove him from office on perjury and obstruction of justice charges?
What would the Senate violate?
Who did Feinstein say?
What would censure him for both then concealing it from his cabinet, other government officials and the nation?
What has Sen. Mike DeWine argued that the Senate cannot censure a president because it would violate the separation-of-powers clause in the Constitution for?
What did he add that lawmakers need to find to ensure the resolution passes constitutional muster?
What was Sen. Jack Reed?
What do both the House and Senate often approve non-binding resolutions on?
Whose proposal was D-N. Y. asked about?
Who would Feinstein's resolution censure for both then concealing the affair from his cabinet, other government officials and the nation?
What is Sen. Orrin Hatch?
Who is R-Ohio?
What did lawmakers in both parties make clear they still believe?
Who have 45 seats?
What have some conservative Republicans said?
What has Sen. Orrin Hatch proposed as?
What did lawmakers in both parties make clear?
Who was D-R. I.?
Whose resolution did Sen. Jack Reed say?
What did he add that lawmakers need to find the exact, appropriate wording to ensure?
What did he add that lawmakers need to find the exact, appropriate wording to ensure the resolution passes?
Who was R-Miss?
What do both the House and Senate often approve on various subjects such as supporting U. S. troops in Iraq?
Who has argued that the Senate cannot censure a president because it would violate the separation-of-powers clause in the Constitution for instance?
What did Sen. Jack Reed say?
What do Republicans control while the Democrats have 45 seats?
What did DeWine say a number of Republicans may find?
Who made clear they still believe that Republicans will be unable to muster the two-thirds majority needed to remove Clinton from office on perjury and obstruction of justice charges?
Who was Feinstein's proposal?
What would censure Clinton for both then concealing the affair from his cabinet, other government officials and the nation?
What often approve non-binding resolutions on various subjects such as supporting U. S. troops in Iraq?
What did Reed say of, ``It's a very good place to begin''?
What was Sen. Charles Schumer?
What did Sen. Jack Reed add?
What would Feinstein's measure be considered as?
Whose proposal was Sen. Charles Schumer?
Who added that lawmakers need to find the exact, appropriate wording to ensure the resolution passes constitutional muster?
What did Clinton's impeachment trial continue in?
What have some conservative Republicans said will not back such a measure?
What would be considered as a non-binding resolution that does not require a House vote or Clinton's signature?
What did Sen. Jack Reed add that lawmakers need to find the exact, appropriate wording to ensure passes constitutional muster?
What continued in the Senate?
Who did DeWine say may find the censure option appealing if the Senate votes against articles of impeachment?
Who did DeWine say?
How many seats do Republicans control while the Democrats have 45 seats?
Who would Feinstein's resolution censure for both then concealing it from his cabinet, other government officials and the nation?
What was D-N. Y. asked about?
What does the measure not deal with?
Who said Feinstein's resolution is the first of what will likely be a number of proposals that Democrats will consider before bringing a censure plan to the floor?
What does not deal with the perjury or obstruction of justice charges approved by the House of Representatives?
Whose impeachment trial continued in the Senate?
Whose resolution would censure Clinton for both then concealing the affair from his cabinet, other government officials and the nation?
What instead focuses on presidential misconduct?
Whose resolution would censure him for both having the affair?
Who said that Clinton never told her to lie?
Who was she ``appalled'' by Clinton's characterization of Lewinsky as?
What did she take dead aim at?
Whose characterization of Lewinsky was she ``appalled'' by as a stalker in a conversation with White House aide Sidney Blumenthal?
What _ Sen. Dianne Feinstein?
What did Sen. Dianne Feinstein say that the two of House prosecutors never discussed the contents of?
Who devoted part of her floor speech to the push for censure?
Who said, ``quite simply the point has not been proven''?
Whose California colleague was Sen. Barbara Boxer?
What is Impeachment?
What do feinstein devote part of her floor speech to?
Whose office released a copy of her statement Thursday?
What has Sen. Dianne Feinstein formed an unlikely alliance with Sen. Robert Bennett to build?
Who was Sen. Barbara Boxer?
What do I not believe established beyond a reasonable doubt that this president is guilty of perjury and obstruction of justice given that high threshold?
What was she ``appalled'' by as a stalker in a conversation with White House aide Sidney Blumenthal?
What did Boxer tell reporters into?
Who does WASHINGTON _?
What is Sen. Dianne Feinstein?
Who has carved out a major role in the impeachment finale by touting censure as an alternative to conviction?
What did herself say that the two of them never discussed?
Who said she opposes censure unlike Feinstein?
When did support for a censure resolution appear that closed-door deliberations on the Senate floor Wednesday's effort was doomed?
Who did she fail to call during impeachment hearings before the House Judiciary Committee?
Who said that the two of House prosecutors never discussed the contents of her affidavit?
What appeared Thursday that their effort was doomed?
Who failed to prove ``beyond a reasonable doubt'' that President Clinton committed perjury and obstructed justice in the Monica Lewinsky matter?
What was Sen. Dianne Feinstein ``appalled'' by as a stalker in a conversation with White House aide Sidney Blumenthal?
Who did Sen. Dianne Feinstein say?
What did support for a censure resolution appear Thursday?
Who is D-Calif?
What did Boxer tell reporters she is concerned that a Senate debate over censure could eat into?
What did she take at Republican handling of the impeachment process?
Who was Feinstein's California colleague?
What do I not believe the House established beyond given that high threshold?
What did Feinstein cite?
What did Boxer say unlike Feinstein?
Who failed to call key witnesses during impeachment hearings before the House Judiciary Committee?
Who is R-Utah?
What has she formed an unlikely alliance with Sen. Robert Bennett to build?
What presents a high hurdle to Feinstein and other censure advocates?
Who added?
Who did Boxer say she opposes censure unlike?
Whose behavior does not threaten the security and stability of the nation?
What released a copy of her statement Thursday?
Who said?
What do feinstein devote part of to the push for censure?
What is Sen. Robert Bennett?
What does warrant ``strong condemnation and censure''?
Who took dead aim at Republican handling of the impeachment process?
What do feinstein devote to the push for censure?
What does republican opposition to censure present to Feinstein and other censure advocates?
What does not threaten the security and stability of the nation?
Who did herself say that Clinton never told to lie?
What did Feinstein say also were marked by contradictory testimony and evidence bolstering a more innocent interpretation of events?
Who did Feinstein say charges that Clinton conspired to hide gifts with also were marked by contradictory testimony and evidence bolstering a more innocent interpretation of events?
What has Sen. Dianne Feinstein formed to build support for a censure resolution?
Who said, ``The president's behavior was immoral, deplorable and indefensible''?
What is a grave step envisioned by the Constitution's framers as a last resort when a president's actions threaten the function of government?
What does the president's behavior not threaten?
Who does not believe the House established beyond a reasonable doubt that this president is guilty of perjury and obstruction of justice given that high threshold?
Whose California colleague D-Calif?
What does it not threaten?
Who was Sen. Dianne Feinstein ``appalled'' by Clinton's characterization of Lewinsky as?
What did House prosecutors fail to prove ``beyond a reasonable doubt'' that President Clinton committed perjury and obstructed justice in?
Who was ``appalled'' by Clinton's characterization of Lewinsky as a stalker in a conversation with White House aide Sidney Blumenthal?
Who D-Calif?
What did Sen. Dianne Feinstein take dead aim at?
Who said, ``I worry about it becoming the dominant issue in the Senate''?
What did Sen. Dianne Feinstein take at Republican handling of the impeachment process?
What was Feinstein's vote expected for?
What does Clinton's behavior warrant ?
Whose behavior does warrant ``strong condemnation and censure''?
What did it appear Thursday?
Who said that the two of them never discussed the contents of her affidavit?
What did Sen. Dianne Feinstein say?
What did House prosecutors fail to prove ``beyond'' that President Clinton committed perjury and obstructed justice in the Monica Lewinsky matter?
What was expected for acquittal?
What appeared Thursday that closed-door deliberations on the Senate floor Wednesday's effort was doomed?
What did she fail to call key witnesses during?
What did House prosecutors fail to prove ``beyond a reasonable doubt'' in?
What has she formed to build support for a censure resolution?
What did herself say?
Who does republican opposition to censure present a high hurdle to?
What did Boxer tell reporters she is concerned into?
When did it appear that their effort was doomed?
What is growing?
What did herself say that the two of them never discussed the contents of?
What did Sen. Dianne Feinstein fail to call key witnesses during?
Who told reporters she is concerned that a Senate debate over censure could eat into the chamber's legislative agenda?
Who did Sen. Dianne Feinstein fail to call during impeachment hearings before the House Judiciary Committee?
What did House prosecutors fail to prove ``beyond a reasonable doubt'' that President Clinton committed in the Monica Lewinsky matter?
Who deplores the circumstances that have brought us to this point?
What has Feinstein carved out by touting censure as an alternative to conviction?
Who has been a good president for the people of the United States?
What do I not believe the House established beyond a reasonable doubt that this president is guilty of perjury and obstruction of justice?
Who said GOP House members ``prematurely released''?
Who did Sen. Dianne Feinstein say that Clinton never told to lie?
Who has the president been?
Who did Boxer tell she is concerned that a Senate debate over censure could eat into the chamber's legislative agenda?
Who cited the charge that Clinton encouraged Lewinsky to file a false affidavit in the Paula Jones sexual harassment lawsuit?
Whose characterization of Lewinsky was Sen. Dianne Feinstein ``appalled'' by as a stalker in a conversation with White House aide Sidney Blumenthal?
Who did Boxer say opposes censure unlike Feinstein?
What do I deplore?
Who did Boxer tell reporters is concerned that a Senate debate over censure could eat into the chamber's legislative agenda?
Whose vote was expected for acquittal?
Who has formed an unlikely alliance with Sen. Robert Bennett to build support for a censure resolution?
What did Sen. Dianne Feinstein say that the two of House prosecutors never discussed?
What did Sen. Phil Gramm oppose censure because he thought?
What did her three-page censure resolution condemn Clinton for ``shameful, reckless and indefensible'' behavior in in its final form?
Who has corresponded with him on other matters?
Who softened the language?
Who has sided with Clinton on many issues?
Who used tougher words to win Republican support?
Who said, ``My trust in his credibility has been badly shattered''?
When did Feinstein say, ``Everything caused problems''?
What did she need to allow a vote on the resolution?
Who was Sen. Dianne Feinstein's campaign for censure aided by?
Who said, ``victims of that freeze disaster 've just been through a year of trauma''?
What is the president?
What did Sen. Dianne Feinstein use tougher words to win?
Who did the Senate vote to acquit?
What did President Clinton admit?
What did Feinstein schedule a news conference at to discuss censure after the Senate vote to acquit Clinton?
What did Feinstein say in?
How many votes did she need to allow a vote on the resolution?
Who did it seem we lost support on one side every time picked it up on the other?
Who was another influential Democrat?
What did Feinstein schedule a news conference at 1:30 p. m. to discuss after the Senate vote to acquit Clinton?
What was Feinstein asked about?
When does WASHINGTON _?
What condemned Clinton for ``shameful, reckless and indefensible'' behavior in connection with his relationship with Monica Lewinsky in the recriminations stop's final form?
Who blocked Sen. Dianne Feinstein with a parliamentary tactic?
What did he think?
How many votes needed to allow a floor vote on her resolution could she not muster in the end?
Who would lose Republicans?
Who shocked many of her supporters and colleagues by publicly denouncing him?
Who tried to bring up her censure resolution?
Who was she referring to the now-famous finger-wagging denial by the president that he had ever ``had sexual relations with?''
What could Sen. Dianne Feinstein not muster in the end?
What did Sen. Barbara Boxer do?
What did Capitol police force Feinstein to cancel?
Who said, ``Sen. Feinstein deserves a lot of credit''?
What did Boxer say she signed an early version of?
Who became the first Senate Democrat to publicly scold Clinton for lying about his relationship to the American people?
What did Feinstein say now is in his court?
What did Boxer not support?
What did it say Clinton ``deliberately misled and deceived the American people,'' ``gave false or misleading testimony'' in?''
Who said, ``We 've just been through a year of trauma''?
What did Boxer say she signed?
What does the recriminations stop's going to take to put some of these pieces back together?
What did Lieberman praise Feinstein for being ``very persistent and very principled'' in?
What did she use tougher words to win?
What was Joseph I. Lieberman?
What forced Feinstein to cancel the news conference?
Who was she referring to the now-famous finger-wagging denial by the president with?''
What did Boxer say?
What did she use to win Republican support?
What did she need to overcome Gramm?
Who has Feinstein sided with on many issues?
Where did it seem we lost support every time we picked it up on the other?
Who does a lot of credit show that Sen. Feinstein is?
What did it seem on?
Where could she not muster the 67 votes needed to allow a floor vote on her resolution?
What has Feinstein sided with Clinton on?
Whose campaign for censure was aided by Sens. Daniel Patrick Moynihan, D-N. Y. , Robert Bennett, R-Utah and Joseph I. Lieberman?
How many votes did she only receive?
What did her three-page censure resolution condemn Clinton for ``shameful, reckless and indefensible'' behavior in connection with his relationship with Monica Lewinsky in?
What did it seem we lost support on one side every time we picked it up on?
What does Feinstein have since to discuss the Lewinsky affair with her?
Who did Boxer say signed an early version of the censure resolution?
What did we get the resolution into signed by one-third of the Senate?
Who did Feinstein shock many of by publicly denouncing him?
Who does it show that Sen. Feinstein is?
What did Sen. Dianne Feinstein soften?
Who did she become to publicly scold Clinton for lying about his relationship to the American people?
What has she corresponded with him on?
What was President Clinton present in when the president categorically denied any sexual involvement with Monica Lewinsky?
What were every adverb?
What does the recriminations stop's going to take a while to put some of back together?
Who was Sen. Barbara Boxer referring to the now-famous finger-wagging denial by the president that he had ever ``had sexual relations with?''
What did Sen. Dianne Feinstein need to overcome Gramm?
What did Sen. Phil Gramm oppose because he thought it was unconstitutional?
Who did Lieberman praise for being ``very persistent and very principled'' in her fight to bring a censure resolution to the floor?
How many votes needed to allow a floor vote on her resolution could Sen. Dianne Feinstein not muster in the end?
What does Feinstein have since to discuss the Lewinsky affair with Sen. Barbara Boxer?
Who was referring to the now-famous finger-wagging denial by the president that he had ever ``had sexual relations with that woman?''
Who was asked about her future relations with the president?
What did Sen. Dianne Feinstein's three-page censure resolution condemn Clinton for ``shameful, reckless and indefensible'' behavior in in the recriminations stop's final form?
What was placed into the Congressional Record?
What was Censure as dead as?
Who did she need 67 votes to overcome?
What does Feinstein have since rebuffed attempts by Clinton to discuss with her?
How many votes did Sen. Dianne Feinstein need to overcome Gramm?
Who praised Feinstein for being ``very persistent and very principled'' in her fight to bring a censure resolution to the floor?
Who did Lieberman praise for being ``very persistent and very principled'' in Sen. Barbara Boxer's fight to bring a censure resolution to the floor?
What responded by approving federal aid for victims of that freeze disaster, including $1. 7 million for farm workers who lost their jobs?
What were every preposition?
Who did President Clinton believe?
What was Sen. Phil Gramm?
What did Feinstein schedule at 1:30 p. m. to discuss censure after the Senate vote to acquit Clinton?
What could Sen. Dianne Feinstein not muster the 67 votes needed to allow a floor vote on her resolution in?
What did Feinstein schedule a news conference at 1:30 p. m. to discuss censure after?
What is up to the president?
Who needed 67 votes to allow a vote on the resolution?
Who was present in the Roosevelt room in January when the president categorically denied any sexual involvement with Monica Lewinsky?
What was she referring to the now-famous finger-wagging denial by the president that he had ever ``had with that woman?''
What was aided by Sens. Daniel Patrick Moynihan, D-N. Y. , Robert Bennett, R-Utah and Joseph I. Lieberman?
Who has since rebuffed attempts by Clinton to discuss the Lewinsky affair with Sen. Barbara Boxer?
What seemed we lost support on one side every time we picked it up on the other?
Who admitted an ``inappropriate relationship'' with Lewinsky?
Whose resolution was placed into the Congressional Record?
Who has since rebuffed attempts by Clinton to discuss the Lewinsky affair with her?
What did it seem we lost support on one side every time we picked up on the other?
What did Sen. Dianne Feinstein need 67 votes to allow?
What said Clinton's conduct demeaned the office of the president and ``creates disrespect for the laws of the land?''
What does a lot of credit show?
Who was Sen. Barbara Boxer referring to the now-famous finger-wagging denial by the president with?''
Who did Feinstein shock many of by publicly denouncing President Clinton?
Who was Lieberman?
What was as dead as the House campaign to convict the president?
Who made a floor speech harshly condemning Clinton's conduct?
What did Sen. Phil Gramm block Sen. Dianne Feinstein with?
What did it seem we lost support on one side every time on?
Who addressed the nation Aug. 17?
What are such as getting federal aid for citrus crops in California's central valley that were damaged in December by a freeze?
Who was Sen. Dianne Feinstein's three-page censure resolution signed by?
What has Sen. Barbara Boxer corresponded with Sen. Dianne Feinstein on?
Who praised Feinstein for being ``very persistent and very principled'' in Sen. Barbara Boxer's fight to bring a censure resolution to the floor?
Who was asked about Sen. Barbara Boxer's future relations with the president?
What were problems?
What voted to acquit Clinton?
Who acknowledged that ``people want to get past this''?
What did we try to incorporate?
What was I present in when the president categorically denied any sexual involvement with Monica Lewinsky?
Who only received 56 votes?
Who believed him?
Who is the one who brought this on?
What did it say in?''
Who would Sen. Dianne Feinstein lose?
What was that followed by?
Who did Sen. Barbara Boxer become to publicly scold Clinton for lying about his relationship to the American people?
Who said Friday, ``Everything caused problems''?
What condemned Clinton for ``shameful, reckless and indefensible'' behavior in connection with his relationship with Monica Lewinsky in its final form?
What caused Capitol police to order an emergency evacuation?
Who shocked many of Sen. Barbara Boxer's supporters and colleagues by publicly denouncing President Clinton?
Who was R-Texas?
Who was her three-page censure resolution signed by?
Who could not muster the 67 votes needed to allow a floor vote on her resolution in the end?
How many votes did Sen. Dianne Feinstein need to allow a vote on the resolution?
Who has she corresponded with on other matters?
What did she only receive?
Who said she signed an early version of the censure resolution?
Who was D-Conn?
What did she say ``We made''?
What did Sen. Phil Gramm block her with?
Who tried to incorporate every suggestion everybody made?
What did Feinstein try to bring up?
What did Sen. Dianne Feinstein need to allow a vote on the resolution?
Where could Sen. Dianne Feinstein not muster the 67 votes needed to allow a floor vote on her resolution?
What were every adjective?
What was not allowed Friday?
What did Feinstein say the ball now is in?
Who has Sen. Barbara Boxer corresponded with on other matters?
When does WASHINGTON _, Sen. Dianne Feinstein still could not find the magic language?
Who is reconciliation up to?
Where did it seem?
What does the recriminations stop's going to take a while to put back together?
Who did her three-page censure resolution condemn in connection with his relationship with Monica Lewinsky in its final form?
What did a bomb threat cause to order an emergency evacuation?
What does it's going to take a while to put back together?
Who thought it was unconstitutional?
Who did Capitol police force to cancel the news conference?
What was Feinstein's resolution placed into?
What did a bomb threat cause Capitol police to order?
What did she need 67 votes to allow?
Who opposed censure because he thought it was unconstitutional?
Who did Feinstein shock by publicly denouncing him?
Who did Sen. Barbara Boxer become the first Senate Democrat to publicly scold for lying about his relationship to the American people?
Who did I believe?
Who would she lose?
Who did a remarkable job?
Who said, ``President Clinton's trust in his credibility has been badly shattered''?
Whose future relations with the president was Feinstein asked about?
Whose supporters and colleagues did Feinstein shock many of by publicly denouncing President Clinton?
Who did Sen. Dianne Feinstein need 67 votes to overcome?
What did the statement say?''
Who needed 67 votes to overcome Gramm?
What did Sen. Dianne Feinstein's three-page censure resolution condemn Clinton for ``shameful, reckless and indefensible'' behavior in connection with his relationship with Monica Lewinsky in?
What shows that Sen. Feinstein is a person who really likes to work both sides of the aisle?
What does it's going to take to put some of these pieces back together?
What did she soften?
What was followed by an increasing chorus of Democrats who expressed their disillusionment with Clinton's behavior?
What did we get into the Record signed by one-third of the Senate?
What did Sen. Dianne Feinstein use to win Republican support?
Whose three-page censure resolution was signed by 38 senators?
Who did it seem lost support on one side every time we picked it up on the other?
How many votes did Sen. Dianne Feinstein only receive?
Who said ``We made a point''?
Who did she say ``made a point''?
Who got the resolution into the Record signed by one-third of the Senate?
What did Lieberman make?
Who scheduled a news conference at 1:30 p. m. to discuss censure after the Senate vote to acquit Clinton?
Who did Sen. Dianne Feinstein's three-page censure resolution condemn in connection with his relationship with Monica Lewinsky in the recriminations stop's final form?
What does it show?
What could she not muster in the end?
Who did not support later, tougher versions?
Who did Feinstein shock by publicly denouncing President Clinton?
What does it's going to take a while to put some of back together?
Who was her campaign for censure aided by?
What is up to him?
What was signed by 38 senators?
Who has corresponded with Sen. Dianne Feinstein on other matters?
What did he think was unconstitutional?
What did Sen. Dianne Feinstein only receive?
Who does Feinstein have since rebuffed attempts by Clinton to discuss the Lewinsky affair with?
Whose fight to bring a censure resolution to the floor did Lieberman praise Feinstein for being ``very persistent and very principled'' in?
Who blocked her with a parliamentary tactic?
When was a vote on censure not allowed?
What does Feinstein have since rebuffed attempts by Clinton to discuss with Sen. Barbara Boxer?
What did she say ?
What's going to take a while to put some of these pieces back together?
What did it seem we lost support on every time we picked it up on the other?
What could she not muster the 67 votes needed to allow a floor vote on her resolution in?
Who did Sen. Phil Gramm block with a parliamentary tactic?
What was Sen. Barbara Boxer referring to the now-famous finger-wagging denial by the president that he had ever ``had with that woman?''
What did she do?
How many votes did she need to overcome Gramm?
Who did she become the first Senate Democrat to publicly scold for lying about his relationship to the American people?
Who said the ball now is in his court?
Who has none said will be running for office?
Who was Patricia Ireland?
What is married to former senator Bob Dole?
What has the vilified Linda R. Tripp embarked on?
What said NOW officials had not spoken to Feinstein from a state rich with electoral votes?
What did President Clinton bring up at a recent fund-raising dinner in Manhattan?
Who did Berry say is ``gracious and listens'' to New Yorkers who are promoting her candidacy?
Who did the president say deplored his conduct?
Who did Berry say the first lady is ``gracious and listens'' to?
What did nOW's political action committee meet this week to plan?
What does it's no coincidence for?
What was nobody giving to Hillary Clinton's running for public office?
What said, ``There's been a little speculation that I might run for president''?
Who was Mrs. Clinton's press secretary?
Whose record did Democratic Senators Barbara Boxer of California, Patty Murray of Washington, and Carol Moseley-Braun of Illinois defend?
Who was president of the National Organization for Women?
What met this week to plan ways to promote Feinstein as vice president on the Democratic ticket in 2000?
Who _ even though none has said she will be running for office?
Who was Elizabeth Sherman?
What was Former representative Geraldine Ferraro of New York?
Who did Ireland say to?
What did Ireland say from?
Whose dignified handling of a public embarrassment won Mrs. Clinton a combination of respect and sympathy that sent her once-sagging popularity through the ceiling?
What was giving any serious consideration to Hillary Clinton's running for public office?
Whose groups say, ` Fine, show us? '
Who did Marsha Berry say now is being wooed by New York Democrats to run for an open Senate seat in 2000 It's wait and see?
What has said she will be running for office?
Who was California's senior senator?
What did Mrs. Clinton also dive into?
Who was Marsha Berry?
Who winnings?
What did Marsha Berry say now Hillary Rodham Clinton is being wooed by to run for an open Senate seat in 2000 It's wait and see?
Whose wife was Democratic lawmakers?
When did its political action committee meet to plan ways to promote Feinstein as vice president on the Democratic ticket in 2000?
Who were Olympia Snowe and Susan M. Collins?
Who became a campaign issue last fall for Democratic Senators Barbara Boxer of California, Patty Murray of Washington, and Carol Moseley-Braun of Illinois?
How many Maine's senators teamed up to seek bipartisan agreement on a finding of fact proposal to rebuke the president?
Who defended Clinton's record?
What did Senator Kay Bailey Hutchison of Texas lead?
Who did President Clinton quip as?
What did the president say?
What did three Republican female senators emerge as leaders and up-and-comers in during the impeachment trial?
What won Mrs. Clinton a combination of respect and sympathy that sent her once-sagging popularity through the ceiling?
Who has gotten attention as a tough and persistent critic of the president's behavior?
What has Dole said in?
What did its political action committee meet this week to plan?
Who did President Clinton quip that he might be remembered as to New York?
Who said now she is being wooed by New York Democrats to run for an open Senate seat in 2000 It's wait and see?
Who was Feinstein?
What said, ``We 're going to make every effort to capitalize on the Republican Congress's recently expressed and newfound interest in sexual-harassment laws and enforcement''?
What has Feinstein gotten as a tough and persistent critic of the president's behavior?
Who were accused of hypocrisy for staying silent when such charges were brought against a president who advocated for women's rights?
Who were Maine's two senators?
What say, ` Fine, show us? '
When did nOW's political action committee meet to plan ways to promote Feinstein as vice president on the Democratic ticket in 2000?
What did Marsha Berry say now she is being wooed by to run for an open Senate seat in 2000 It's wait and see?
Who did Ireland say NOW had not spoken to Feinstein from a state rich with electoral votes?
Who was his wife?
What is expected to formally announce her intention to do that this week?
Who teamed up to seek bipartisan agreement on a finding of fact proposal to rebuke the president?
Who was Democratic lawmakers?
What do polls show in?
Who was director of the Center for Women in Politics and Public Policy at the University of Massachusetts at Boston?
What did the president say deplored his conduct?
Who has embarked on a network TV image-enhancement tour?
How many Maine's senators were Olympia Snowe and Susan M. Collins?
Who did Maine's two senators team up to seek bipartisan agreement on a finding of fact proposal to rebuke?
What was Patricia Ireland president of?
What is expected to formally announce Elizabeth Sherman's intention to do that this week?
Who did Ireland say she did not expect to ``run from the room and slam the door'' on a vice presidential draft?
Who is Dole married to?
Who emerged as leaders and up-and-comers in the party during the impeachment trial?
Who did three Republican female senators emerge as in the party during the impeachment trial?
Who were accused of hypocrisy for loudly championing sexual-harassment laws?
What do Women's groups want the White House to act quickly on overhaul plan?
Who _ even though none has said Senator Dianne Feinstein will be running for office?
Who has Feinstein gotten attention as?
What did Paula Jones get?
What has Dole said she is not interested in?
Who said now Hillary Rodham Clinton is being wooed by New York Democrats to run for an open Senate seat in 2000 It's wait and see?
Whose groups said, ` We care, ``Over and over''?
What has none said for?
Who said they deplored his conduct?
What has said she is not interested in the No. 2 spot on the GOP ticket?
Who led an unsuccessful campaign to open the Senate's final, secret deliberations?
What did three Republican female senators emerge as leaders and up-and-comers in the party during?
Who was Hillary Rodham Clinton's wife?
Who say, ` Fine, show us? '
What does Monica S. Lewinsky have?
Who was not?
What was Feinstein?
Who did Ireland say NOW officials had not spoken to from a state rich with electoral votes?
Who got her money and a makeover?
What did the president say they deplored?
What was Elizabeth Sherman director of at the University of Massachusetts at Boston?
Who has a big book deal and bragging rights for a boffo performance before the House impeachment managers?
What was the public embarrassment?
Who brought it up at a recent fund-raising dinner in Manhattan?
What has none said she will be running for?
Who is former senator Bob Dole?
Who runs?
What does not happen?
Whose press secretary was Marsha Berry?
What said, ` We care, ``Over and over''?
What do women who can win high office in 2000 _ even though none has said for?
What did President Clinton quip that he might be remembered as ``the person'' who comes with Hillary to?
Who said, ` We care, ``Over and over''?
Who was a proven money-raiser?
What has said Senator Dianne Feinstein will be running for office?
Who did the president become a campaign issue last fall for?
What said she did not expect her to ``run from the room and slam the door'' on a vice presidential draft?
Who did Ireland say did not expect her to ``run from the room and slam the door'' on a vice presidential draft?
Who has Dole said is not interested in the No. 2 spot on the GOP ticket?
What did Democratic Senators Barbara Boxer of California, Patty Murray of Washington, and Carol Moseley-Braun of Illinois defend?
What did Maine's two senators team up to seek to rebuke the president?
What also is poised to stir things up?
What does a network TV image-enhancement tour's no coincidence for?
What did Berry say'' to New Yorkers who are promoting her candidacy?
What has none said Senator Dianne Feinstein will be running for?
What has said Former representative Geraldine Ferraro of New York is not interested in the No. 2 spot on the GOP ticket?
Who also dived into last fall's elections?
What failed?
Who said Hillary Rodham Clinton deplored his conduct?
What is gone?
What was a political crisis, and certainly, a personal ordeal?
Who were reelected?
What were Feminist leaders accused of?
Who was the first?
Who refuses to discuss it, or even think about it?
What has Dole said Former representative Geraldine Ferraro of New York is not interested in?
What did President Clinton bring it up at?
Who said the first lady is ``gracious and listens'' to New Yorkers who are promoting her candidacy?
Where did President Clinton quip that he might be remembered as ``the person'' who comes with Hillary?
Who is the 1996 presidential candidate?
Who quipped that he might be remembered as ``the person'' who comes with Hillary to New York?
What did the president say Hillary Rodham Clinton deplored?
What did Ireland say NOW officials had not spoken to Feinstein from?
How many Republican female senators emerged as leaders and up-and-comers in the party during the impeachment trial?
Who said Mexican drug cartels must be targeted ``like a laser beam?''
Who called Clinton's decision to certify Mexico ``a sham?''
What did bachus call?''
What were continuing in the House to strip Mexico of its certification?
What said America is ``on the verge of having a state to the south of, and Coverdell, that is an ally become a narco-terrorist?''
What did Coverdell acknowledge?
What would it ban with?
What does the work and sacrifice that other countries are making to fight?
What would the Feinstein-Coverdell proposal ban _ either front businesses or those run from drug profits _ from trading with American companies?
What is the president's decision?
How many days does Congress have from that date to overturn the president's decision?
Where has the U. S. government financially crippled a drug store chain, a poultry business and pharmaceutical laboratories connected to drug cartels?
What and sacrifices that other countries are making to fight drug trafficking?
What would it ban _ either front businesses or those run from drug profits _ from trading with American companies?
Whose related businesses would the Feinstein-Coverdell proposal ban with?
What would ban the assets of drug traffickers's related businesses _ either front businesses or those run from drug profits _ from trading with American companies?
What has financially crippled a drug store chain, a poultry business and pharmaceutical laboratories connected to drug cartels in Colombia?
What would freeze the assets of drug traffickers?
Who does the Feinstein-Coverdell proposal target considered a threat to U. S. national security?
What did Mica say is ``on the verge of having a state to the south of us that is an ally become a narco-terrorist?''
Whose related businesses would the Feinstein-Coverdell proposal ban _ either front businesses or those run from drug profits _ from trading with American companies?
What would the Treasury Department's Office of Foreign Assets Control draw up?
What is a prospect that seems highly unlikely?
What has targeted in Colombia?
What do President Clinton on Feb. 26 certify to Congress that Mexico is?
What do President Clinton on Feb. 26 certify to Congress?
Where has the U. S. government targeted?
If a foreign country loses an annual certification, what could risk losing U. S. aid?
Who would the Feinstein-Coverdell proposal freeze the assets of?
When does Congress have from that date to overturn the president's decision?
What would the Treasury Department's Office of Foreign Assets Control impose for American companies that do business with them?
Who would it freeze the assets of?
What did Coverdell say would focus on ``bad actors'' in Mexico?
What has the U. S. government financially crippled in Colombia?
Who told a news conference, ``I believe they represent a threat to the U. S.''?
What did Feinstein tell a news conference, ``I believe''?
Who would the Treasury Department's Office of Foreign Assets Control draw up a list of?
What would the Feinstein-Coverdell proposal ban the assets of drug traffickers's related businesses _ _ from trading with American companies?
What has the U. S. government financially crippled a drug store chain, a poultry business and pharmaceutical laboratories connected to drug cartels in?
What would the Feinstein-Coverdell proposal ban the assets of drug traffickers's related businesses _ with?
What would the Treasury Department's Office of Foreign Assets Control impose criminal penalties of for American companies that do business with them?
What would it freeze?
What would draw up a list of narcotics traffickers?
What did Coverdell say?
Whose decision is a prospect that seems highly unlikely?
Who acknowledged that Congress will not repeal the certification of Mexico this year?
What do mexican drug cartels 're not decertifying?
What do President Clinton on Feb. 26 certify to that Mexico is a fully cooperating drug-fighting ally?
What would it ban their related businesses _ _ from trading with American companies?
What would the Feinstein-Coverdell proposal ban with?
What targets foreign narcotics dealers considered a threat to U. S. national security?
What has been renewed 13 times since 1986 when the annual process went into effect?
What did Mica say is ``on the verge of having a state to the south of, and Coverdell, that is an ally become a narco-terrorist?''
What would ban their related businesses _ either front businesses or those run from drug profits _ from trading with American companies?
What did Feinstein tell, ``I believe they represent a threat to the U. S.''?
When does Congress have 30 days?
What would it ban their related businesses _ with?
Who did Coverdell say on?
Who 're not decertifying Mexico?
What were efforts continuing in to strip Mexico of its certification?
Who said the bill would focus on ``bad actors'' in Mexico?
Who acknowledged he faced ``an uphill battle'' and said he has no assurances that the House will actually vote on the resolution?
What do we 're not decertifying?
If a foreign country loses an annual certification, what could it risk losing?
What did Mica say on?''
What did Feinstein say like?''
What were the cartels?
Whose decision to certify Mexico ``a sham did bachus call?''
What did Mica say America is ``on?''
Who certified to Congress that Mexico is a fully cooperating drug-fighting ally?
What did bachus acknowledge?
What has 30 days from that date to overturn the president's decision?
What did Feinstein say must be targeted ``like a laser beam?''
What did Feinstein say Mexican drug cartels must be targeted ``like?''
Who did Coverdell say the bill would focus on?
Who did bachus acknowledge faced ``an uphill battle'' and said he has no assurances that the House will actually vote on the resolution?
What would the Feinstein-Coverdell proposal freeze?
What has the U. S. government targeted in?
What 're not decertifying Mexico?
What does the work and sacrifice?
Who acknowledged President Clinton on Feb. 26 faced ``an uphill battle'' and said he has no assurances that the House will actually vote on the resolution?
What were Mexico vs. the U. S.?
What does the Feinstein-Coverdell proposal target foreign narcotics dealers considered?
What said America is ``on the verge of having a state to the south of us that is an ally become a narco-terrorist?''
What did Feinstein predict that Democrats will win at next year by blaming Republicans?
Who did she accuse of having a ``pro-tobacco and anti-health care reform kind of vision?''
What did Sen. Dianne Feinstein say gun control will loom large in because of evidence that juveniles are able to get firearms easily and bring them into schools?
Who said, ``I think the dominant share of Americans are on the other side of these issues?''
What did Republicans offer on Wednesday?
What _ Sen. Dianne Feinstein?
Who said, ``I think the time is right'' for a woman on the ticket?
What did Feinstein predict at?
When is Feinstein running for reelection?
What did she say gun control will loom large in because of evidence that juveniles are able to get firearms easily and bring them into schools?
Where did Feinstein tell reporters that the issue of reining in managed care organizations is especially important?
What do managed care providers continue to take in?
What did Feinstein tell reporters that the issue of reining in managed care organizations is especially important in?
What did Feinstein also say her own campaign will yield about $2 million by the end of June?
Who did Feinstein tell that the issue of reining in managed care organizations is especially important in California?
What is the probability very strong?
Who said the speculation about her ``makes me uncomfortable?''
What do Republicans say would lead to escalating medical costs, increased insurance premiums and more uninsured people?
Who does WASHINGTON _?
Who have aides to President Clinton said will recommend that he veto the GOP version?
What were doctors?
What did Feinstein also say fund-raising efforts for 2000 will yield about $2 million by the end of June?
What is Sen. Dianne Feinstein?
What did she say?''
Whose bill of rights did Feinstein say, ``I do think''?
Who were health plans?
What have aides to President Clinton said they will recommend that he veto?
What was Feinstein asked about?
What is Sen. Dianne Feinstein's plan similar to?
What do Republicans say?
What is Feinstein running for next year?
Where did Feinstein tell reporters?
What does it build up?
Whose plan is similar to the Democratic proposal?
Who is the probability very strong that I will be?
What have aides to President Clinton said will recommend that he veto the GOP version?
What would have guaranteed patients insured access to emergency rooms?
What builds up an expectation?
What did she say, ``I think on?''
What did she say gun control will loom large in the campaign because of?
What did she say, ``I think we have established''?
Who is D-Calif?
Who said, ``I intend to be U. S. senator''?
What did Feinstein also say her own campaign fund-raising efforts for 2000 will yield by the end of June?
What do Republicans say the Democratic proposals would lead to escalating?
Who told reporters that the issue of reining in managed care organizations is especially important in California?
Who did she say, ``I think for?
Who also planned to offer their own measure regarding access to emergency rooms?
Who said, ``In California, there are real problems''?
Who did Sen. Dianne Feinstein accuse of having a ``pro-tobacco and anti-health care reform kind of vision?''
What did Feinstein also say her own campaign fund-raising efforts for 2000 will yield about $2 million by?
What is similar to the Democratic proposal?
Who was asked about speculation that she could be a vice presidential candidate on the Democratic ticket?
When are Republicans expected to approve their own narrower bill on how to regulate managed care providers?
When did Republicans offer their own managed care proposals surgery?
What did Feinstein tell reporters in?
Who said?
What have aides to President Clinton said they will recommend?
What were managed care proposals?
Who said that measure was too vague?
Who predicted that Democrats will win at the polls next year by blaming Republicans?
Who also said her own campaign fund-raising efforts for 2000 will yield about $2 million by the end of June?
Who wants to be a U. S. senator from California?
What did she say, ``I think''?
What did Sen. Dianne Feinstein's comments at a breakfast meeting with reporters come in?
Who are expected to approve their own narrower bill on Thursday on how to regulate managed care providers?
What did Feinstein downplay?
What would require that decisions on length of stay following a mastectomy be determined by the patient and Sen. Dianne Feinstein's own physician?
What did Sen. Dianne Feinstein say gun control will loom large in the campaign because of?
What have aides to President Clinton said?
What were including one designed to help women who are recovering from breast cancer?
Who intends to serve another term?
Who would a measure by Sen. Olympia Snowe require by?
Who cannot see into the future?
When are hospitals closing?
Who offered their own managed care proposals surgery on Wednesday?
What did Feinstein say, ``I do think''?
What were echoed by other Capitol Hill Democrats who contend they are forcing Republicans to take politically unpopular stances on the Senate floor opposing patients ' rights?
What is very strong that I will be a U. S. senator?
When can I not see?
What were her comments echoed by?
Who said gun control will loom large in the campaign because of evidence that juveniles are able to get firearms easily and bring them into schools?
What did Feinstein also say her own campaign by?
What did her comments at a breakfast meeting with reporters come in?
Who continue to take in large profits?
What are doctors filing for?
Who downplayed the idea?
Where did she say, ``I think?''
What did Sen. Dianne Feinstein say in?
Who say the Democratic proposals would lead to escalating medical costs, increased insurance premiums and more uninsured people?
Who have said they will recommend that he veto the GOP version?
What did she say will loom large in the campaign because of evidence that juveniles are able to get firearms easily and bring them into schools?
What are closing at alarming rates?
What did Republicans also plan to offer?
Who do I want to be?
Who are filing for bankruptcy?
Who said, ``I think we have established that women are taking an historically unprecedented role in politics''?
What is her plan similar to?
Who accused the Republicans of having a ``pro-tobacco and anti-health care reform kind of vision?''
What did she say in?
What did Sen. Dianne Feinstein say will loom large in the campaign because of evidence that juveniles are able to get firearms easily and bring them into schools?
Who would a measure by Sen. Olympia Snowe require that decisions on length of stay following a mastectomy be determined by?
What did Republicans say?
When did Feinstein predict that Democrats will win at the polls by blaming Republicans?
Who said, ``I do think a patients ' bill of rights becomes a major campaign issue''?
What are Republicans expected to approve on Thursday on how to regulate managed care providers?
Who is running for reelection next year?
What would require that decisions on length of stay following a mastectomy be determined by the patient and her own physician?
What do I intend to serve?
What did Feinstein say, ``women and Californians 've now established very strongly throughout this country''?
Who is Sen. Dianne Feinstein for most pundits?
Who was courted as a potential running mate by Vice-President Walter Mondale in 1984?
Who does she come from the same ideological wing of the party as?
Who was not there?
What _ Sen. Dianne Feinstein?
What is Feinstein not too old for now?
Who say the only reason Feinstein would accept No. 2 is so she might someday be No. 1?
What do I intend to continue to run?
What has Feinstein emerged as the nation's most recognizable Democratic woman at precisely the time that the demand for female candidates appears to far outstrip the supply with?
What is that an image?
What is Bill Horn?
When had she remained in Washington to cast a vote against Clinton's top legislative priority?
What can she run for both senator and vice president at?
Who had remained in Washington to cast a vote against Clinton's top legislative priority at the time _ the North American Free Trade Agreement?
What has intensified in light of polls indicating that Vice President Al Gore is struggling to maintain his advantage among women and Californians?
What did Ron Faucheux write she's surely?
What does no one argue with?
What did aides to former Sen. Lyndon Johnson feel the same way in 1960 of?
Who does WASHINGTON _?
What has Feinstein emerged as the nation's most recognizable Democratic woman at precisely the time with the exception of Hillary Clinton?
What is Sen. Dianne Feinstein?
Who said, ``Sen. Dianne Feinstein does not have a No. 2 personality''?
Who is Vice-President Gore and former Sen. Bill Bradley?
Who is Feinstein not only?
What had she remained in Washington to cast at the time _ the North American Free Trade Agreement?
Who wants to do another?
What then ring a familiar tone?
Who is D-Calif?
If she were to serve two terms as vice president who would Feinstein be 75 by the time she sought than when he ran for re-election?
Who was editor and publisher of Campaigns & Elections Magazine?
Where had she remained to cast a vote against Clinton's top legislative priority at the time _ the North American Free Trade Agreement?
When was she the mayor of a Democratic city?
What did Feinstein d-n. y. eded as potential running mate is much stronger than it was 15 years ago?
What do Sen. Dianne Feinstein's loyalists say is so she might someday be No. 1?
What has she established herself as a lawmaker who is tough on crime on?
What did Feinstein ultimately seek with vigor?
What was President Clinton in San Francisco at?
What had Sen. Dianne Feinstein remained in to cast a vote against Clinton's top legislative priority at the time _ the North American Free Trade Agreement?
Who has Sen. Dianne Feinstein established herself as on public education?
What did she say at the time ?
Who added that the vice presidency ``is not my interest''?
Who is she the top contender for?
What may not reach a crescendo for a little more than a year to formally nominate candidates for president and vice president?
Who intends to continue to run San Francisco?
What comes close to matching Feinstein in stature or electability of the party's six female senators and 39 representatives?
When did aides to former Sen. Lyndon Johnson feel the same way of course?
What was Sen. Dianne Feinstein the mayor of in 1984?
Who has she established as a lawmaker who is tough on crime on public education?
Where had Sen. Dianne Feinstein remained to cast a vote against Clinton's top legislative priority at the time _ the North American Free Trade Agreement?
What is Feinstein?
What do Sen. Dianne Feinstein intend to continue to run?
Who is not only the leading female contender?
What might Sen. Dianne Feinstein someday be?
What did Sen. Dianne Feinstein add?
What may the speculation over Feinstein's candidacy not reach for a little more than a year to formally nominate candidates for president and vice president?
Who said, ``women and Californians 've now established very strongly throughout this country that women have taken a historically unprecedented role in elections''?
What is presidential nominee?
Whose response to the initial inquiries then ring a familiar tone?
What do I not intend to pursue?
Who did Feinstein tell California reporters over breakfast do not know what may happen or may not happen?
What does Sen. Dianne Feinstein represent a state with?
Who is Sen. Dianne Feinstein the top contender for?
What do her response to the initial inquiries then ring?
What can the party find to a Hollywood Dream?
Who is a member of the San Diego County Board of Supervisors who is almost completely unknown elsewhere in the state?
Who d-n. y. eded The case for Feinstein as potential running mate is much stronger than it was 15 years ago?
Who is she for most pundits?
Who has long been regarded an attractive running mate for whoever wins the Democratic presidential nomination?
Who ultimately sought the nomination with vigor?
What did she add?
Who is the only two Democratic presidential candidates?
When was Sen. Dianne Feinstein the mayor of a Democratic city?
What do Sen. Dianne Feinstein's response to the initial inquiries then ring?
Who told California reporters over breakfast I do not know what may happen or may not happen?
What was Feinstein ultimately passed over in?
Who is seen as a figure who can rise above the partisanship that is so out of favor?
What does Sen. Dianne Feinstein come from as Vice-President Gore and former Sen. Bill Bradley?
Who turned 66 last month?
What has the speculation intensified in indicating that Vice President Al Gore is struggling to maintain his advantage among women and Californians?
Who is the top contender for most pundits?
What did Sen. Dianne Feinstein say at the time ?
Who is not too old for the post _ now?
What argues with the political pressure on both parties to place women on their tickets?
What did Sen. Dianne Feinstein say at ``I am interested in being mayor''?
Who is much stronger than it was 15 years ago?
Who wrote she's surely a serious VP possibility with any presidential candidate?
Who said, ``It builds up an expectation that I really do not see there''?
When can I not read?
Who represents a state with 54 electoral votes _ 20 percent of the total needed to win the presidency?
Who ultimately was passed over in favor of Rep. Geraldine Ferraro?
What did she say at ``I am interested in being mayor''?
Who did Sen. Dianne Feinstein say at the time ``am interested in being mayor''?
What was a Saturday night?
Who felt the same way in 1960 of course?
What does an event late in provide a telling example?
What does Sen. Dianne Feinstein represent with 54 electoral votes _ 20 percent of the total needed to win the presidency?
If Sen. Dianne Feinstein were to serve two terms as vice president what would Feinstein be 75 by when he ran for re-election?
What was President Clinton in at the Fairmont Hotel?
What is that that some _ friends and foe _ dispute?
Who wrote Sen. Dianne Feinstein's surely a serious VP possibility with any presidential candidate?
Who was Ron Faucheux?
What was she the mayor of in 1984?
Who has she established herself as on public education?
Who is the only announced Republican challenger?
Who comes from the same ideological wing of the party as Vice-President Gore and former Sen. Bill Bradley?
What does President Gore want to do?
Who has the former San Francisco mayor long been regarded for whoever wins the Democratic presidential nomination?
When was it?
Who is an overwhelming favorite to win re-election?
Who intend to continue to run San Francisco?
Who _ Wow!
What do her loyalists say is so she might someday be No. 1?
When had Sen. Dianne Feinstein remained in Washington to cast a vote against Clinton's top legislative priority?
What was Ron Faucheux editor and publisher of?
What does a woman with U. S. Senate and big city mayoral experience who happens to be from the nation's largest state _!
Who does not intend to pursue it?
What does she come from as Vice-President Gore and former Sen. Bill Bradley?
What has the speculation intensified in light of polls indicating?
Where was President Clinton in San Francisco?
Who may the speculation over Feinstein's candidacy not reach a crescendo for a little more than a year to formally nominate?
Who was she in 1984?
Whose loyalists say the only reason Feinstein would accept No. 2 is so she might someday be No. 1?
Who did Ron Faucheux write's surely a serious VP possibility with any presidential candidate?
Who said?
Who wants to do one thing?
Who was Feinstein courted as a potential running mate by?
Who is much stronger than the case for Feinstein was 15 years ago?
Who is a popular _ though vexing _ pastime for many Washington pundits?
Who does none come close to matching Feinstein in stature or electability of?
Who does Sen. Dianne Feinstein come from the same ideological wing of the party as?
What does she represent with 54 electoral votes _ 20 percent of the total needed to win the presidency?
What did Feinstein ultimately seek the nomination with?
Who might someday be No. 1?
Where was President Clinton at the Fairmont Hotel?
Who said, ``She does not have a No. 2 personality''?
What is that an image that some _ friends and foe _?
When was an event?
Who has Feinstein emerged as at precisely the time that the demand for female candidates appears to far outstrip the supply with the exception of Hillary Clinton?
Who was in San Francisco at the Fairmont Hotel?
What has Sen. Dianne Feinstein established herself as a lawmaker who is tough on crime on?
What does an event late in the 1994 Senate campaign provide?
Who is Sen. Dianne Feinstein seen as?
What can Sen. Dianne Feinstein run for both senator and vice president at?
Who was Feinstein courted as by Vice-President Walter Mondale in 1984?
Who said, ``We 've now established very strongly throughout this country that women have taken a historically unprecedented role in elections''?
What did aides to former Sen. Lyndon Johnson feel in 1960 of course?
What did Feinstein tell California reporters over breakfast I do not know?
Who did Feinstein tell I do not know what may happen or may not happen?
Who can Sen. Dianne Feinstein run for at the same time?
What late in the 1994 Senate campaign provides a telling example?
What is an image that some _ friends and foe _ dispute?
Who was Sen. Dianne Feinstein in 1984?
Who did she say at the time ``am interested in being mayor''?
Who cannot say what may happen?
What can find to a Hollywood Dream Team?
Who said at the time ``I am interested in being mayor''?
If she were to serve two terms as vice president what would Feinstein be 75 by when he ran for re-election?
What had she remained in to cast a vote against Clinton's top legislative priority at the time _ the North American Free Trade Agreement?
Who was the mayor of a Democratic city in 1984?
Who is Bill Horn?
Who can run for both senator and vice president at the same time?
What did Ron Faucheux write Sen. Dianne Feinstein's surely?
What is Bill Horn a member of who is almost completely unknown elsewhere in the state?
Who cannot read into the future?
What does Vice President Feinstein want to do?
Who is she seen as?
What might she someday be?
What did Feinstein say, ``We 've now established very strongly throughout this country''?
What can the party find to Dream Team?
Who can she run for at the same time?
What can I not say?
What does she represent a state with?
If Sen. Dianne Feinstein were to serve two terms as vice president who would Feinstein be 75 by the time she sought than when he ran for re-election?
Who has Sen. Dianne Feinstein established as a lawmaker who is tough on crime on public education?
Who has established herself as a lawmaker who is tough on crime on public education?
What had Sen. Dianne Feinstein remained in Washington to cast at the time _ the North American Free Trade Agreement?
What will Rep. Tom Campbell's entry Tuesday into California's 2000 Senate race's moderation be an asset in?
Whose GOP opponent in 1995 was who was not exactly a first-tier candidate?
Who was Stuart DeVeaux?
Where did Jennifer Duffy say, ``Rep. Tom Campbell's entry Tuesday into California's 2000 Senate race's the best candidate''?
Who does Fong have yet to endorse?
What must Feinstein now gird for?
Who was former Rep. Michael Huffington?
What did what Huffington had in ample supply pump $29 million of his own resources into?
Who did Fong say will be ``whomever can raise the most money?''
What has always been treated as an outsider at the House?
Who did Campbell say no less than five times that he was at a news conference last night in Washington?
What showed her favorable ratings well above 50 percent?
What is none of the other candidates from that belief that Campbell says?
What did Feinstein's camp maintain?
Who 'mes someone who's got a chance to actually win?
What must Rep. Tom Campbell's entry Tuesday into California's 2000 Senate race first convince conservative Republican primary voters that he is?
What do Rep. Tom Campbell's entry Tuesday into California's 2000 Senate race 'm?
Whose GOP opponent in 1995 was former Rep. Michael Huffington?
Who did Campbell say will base his Senate run on the intellectual notion of individual liberty?
Whose camp maintained that they took nothing for granted?
What will it be in a contest against a woman whom &LR; Campbell has so far refused to criticize?
Who must first convince conservative Republican primary voters that he is their best choice?
Who said, ``Tom Campbell has won elections''?
What was one of only seven Republicans to vote against Newt Gingrich's bid to be re-elected as speaker in January 1997?
Who must now gird for another tough contest?
Who 'mes as fiscally conservative as anyone in the field?
Who said, ``Campbell is a much smarter, more experienced and much more adroit candidate'' than Feinstein's previous Senate opponents''?
What will none of the other candidates be in a contest against a woman whom &LR; Campbell has so far refused to criticize?
Who was an editor for the Cook Report?
What does the sudden intensity diminish?
What did Feinstein's camp maintain that they took for granted?
What will be an asset in the contest with Feinstein?
What will be a tough sell in a contest against a woman whom &LR; Campbell has so far refused to criticize?
What puzzled not only because it was made after sunset from the Republican Party headquarters on Capitol Hill?
What did Campbell say on?
Who said, ``The political climate is going to be significantly better for Tom Campbell in 2000 than it was for Matt Fong running in 1998''?
What did Campbell say he will base his Senate run on?
Who said, ``Rep. Tom Campbell's entry Tuesday into California's 2000 Senate race hates that in the House''?
Who said, ``Dianne Feinstein is moderate left''?
What does Feinstein enjoy for all of the potential lines of attack?
What did what Huffington had in ample supply pump into the campaign?
Who must Rep. Tom Campbell's entry Tuesday into California's 2000 Senate race first convince that he is their best choice?
Who was WASHINGTON _ Dianne Feinstein's campaign manager?
What maintained that they took nothing for granted?
What was money?
What did Campbell say he will base on the intellectual notion of individual liberty?
What must he first convince conservative Republican primary voters that he is?
Who was he to vote against Newt Gingrich's bid to be re-elected as speaker in January 1997?
What did Campbell enter?
Who said, ``Barbara Boxer was far left''?
What was Campbell?
Who remains the favorite?
Who was Steve Schmidt?
Who was Kam Kuwata?
Who said Tuesday, ``Senator Feinstein has been a good senator''?
What 'm someone who's got a chance to actually win?
Who was a spokesman for the California Republican Party?
Who said, ``Rep. Tom Campbell's entry Tuesday into California's 2000 Senate race's the best candidate that Republicans have in the field''?
Who has consistently voted against his GOP colleagues on matters ranging from abortion to gun control?
What did a Field Poll released last week show WASHINGTON _ Dianne Feinstein's favorable ratings well above?
Who will be a tough sell in a contest against a woman whom &LR; Campbell has so far refused to criticize?
What will his moderation be an asset in?
Who was political director for the Democratic Senate Campaign Committee?
What is Fong now a state co-chair of?
What do those who know him say Campbell has grown increasingly frustrated in?
What are Republicans also counting on to help whomever runs against Feinstein?
Who said, ``I believe a person should have a personal life as free from government intrusion as possible''?
What instantly make him the front-runner in a crowded field of largely unknown GOP candidates?
What did Fong say?''
What is over?
Who has Campbell consistently voted against on matters ranging from abortion to gun control?
What do none of the other candidates _ Ron Unz, Ray Haynes, Bill Horn or J. P. Gough _ has?
Who was her campaign manager?
Who she lost to?
Who was one of only seven Republicans to vote against Newt Gingrich's bid to be re-elected as speaker in January 1997?
What will it be a tough sell in?
What 'm as fiscally conservative as anyone in the field?
What instantly make Rep. Tom Campbell's entry Tuesday into California's 2000 Senate race the front-runner in a crowded field of largely unknown GOP candidates?
Who said, ``At the same time that we 're looking into accusations of Chinese spying, she's having dinner with Jiang Zemin''?
Who's going to break a sweat?
Whose announcement puzzled many observers _?
What does she's going to break?
Who did Campbell's announcement puzzle _?
What maintained that WASHINGTON _ Dianne Feinstein took nothing for granted?
Whose camp maintained that WASHINGTON _ Dianne Feinstein took nothing for granted?
Who was he one of to vote against Newt Gingrich's bid to be re-elected as speaker in January 1997?
Who is now a state co-chair of George W. Bush's campaign?
What did Fong say Feinstein's GOP opponent in 1995 showed?
Who was Feinstein's GOP opponent in 1995?
What say Campbell has grown increasingly frustrated in the House?
Who do those who know him say has grown increasingly frustrated in the House?
Whose electoral advantages do none of the other candidates _?
What did Rep. Tom Campbell's entry Tuesday into California's 2000 Senate race immediately transform the sleepy contest into?
Who has always been treated as an outsider at the House?
Who was in what is likely to emerge as a campaign theme?
What is from that belief that Campbell says he draws his support for legal abortions, as well as his opposition to a personal income tax?
Who must he first convince that he is their best choice?
What pumped $29 million of his own resources into the campaign?
Who was who was not exactly a first-tier candidate?
Who is from that belief that Campbell says he draws his support for legal abortions, as well as his opposition to a personal income tax?
What does Feinstein enjoy a broad base of support for?
What was the Cook Report?
Who said, ``He hates it in the House''?
What is it from?
Whose campaign manager was Kam Kuwata?
Who said the best candidate will be ``whomever can raise the most money?''
Who was a GOP strategist who served as former Gov. Pete Wilson's communications director?
Who also are counting on the strong coattails of the GOP presidential nominee to help whomever runs against Feinstein?
Who lost to Pete Wilson?
What did Jennifer Duffy say, ``Rep. Tom Campbell's entry Tuesday into California's 2000 Senate race's the best candidate in''?
Who did that push into making the gamble?
Who was Jim Jordan?
What immediately transformed the sleepy contest into a spirited showdown of national significance?
What does Feinstein abhor campaigning perhaps more than any other politician at?
What did a Field Poll released last week show her favorable ratings well above?
Whose GOP opponent in 1995 did Fong say?
Who may not have to run a marathon?
Whose GOP opponent in 1995 did Fong say showed that Dianne Feinstein is vulnerable?
Who said he will base his Senate run on the intellectual notion of individual liberty?
Who entered the race?
What did Campbell's announcement puzzle?
What may she not have to run?
Whose announcement puzzled not only because it was made after sunset from the Republican Party headquarters on Capitol Hill?
What does Jennifer Duffy's going to break?
What do I 'm as fiscally conservative as?
What will his moderation be in the contest with Feinstein?
What has he always been treated as an outsider at?
Who has Rep. Tom Campbell's entry Tuesday into California's 2000 Senate race always been treated as at the House?
What must he first convince conservative Republican primary voters?
What did Rep. Tom Campbell's entry Tuesday into California's 2000 Senate race immediately transform into a spirited showdown of national significance?
What does Feinstein remain?
Who was a Stanford Law professor who is regarded by colleagues as perhaps the most cerebral member of Congress?
What was Feinstein's GOP opponent in 1995?
What is it from that belief that Campbell says?
Who does Feinstein abhor campaigning perhaps more than at her level?
Who said Feinstein's GOP opponent in 1995 showed that Dianne Feinstein is vulnerable?
What is none of the other candidates from?
What diminishes the likelihood that Feinstein will be named to the Democratic ticket as either Al Gore or Bill Bradley's running mate?
What has Campbell consistently voted against his GOP colleagues on?
Who has he always been treated as at the House?
What do I 'm?
What are Republicans also counting on the strong coattails of the GOP presidential nominee to help?
What has Rep. Tom Campbell's entry Tuesday into California's 2000 Senate race always been treated as an outsider at?
What is Fong now?
What did Jennifer Duffy say, ``He's the best candidate in''?
Who must now engage in a far more aggressive campaign?
Whose favorable ratings did a Field Poll released last week show well above 50 percent?
Who did Fong say showed that Dianne Feinstein is vulnerable?
Whose communication director was Steve Schmidt?
What pushed Campbell into making the gamble?
What did Fong say?
What will Rep. Tom Campbell's entry Tuesday into California's 2000 Senate race's moderation be in the contest with Feinstein?
Who enjoys a broad base of support for all of the potential lines of attack?
What may Jennifer Duffy not have to run?
Who said, ``Feinstein has demonstrated she can be an independent voice for the people of California''?
What did what Huffington had in ample supply pump $29 million of into the campaign?
What did Campbell say no less than five times at a news conference last night in Washington?
Who was Dan Schnur?
What must Rep. Tom Campbell's entry Tuesday into California's 2000 Senate race first convince conservative Republican primary voters?
Who was Jennifer Duffy?
What did Campbell say, ``I believe as''?
What showed WASHINGTON _ Dianne Feinstein's favorable ratings well above 50 percent?
What does Feinstein enjoy a broad base of for all of the potential lines of attack?
What did Feinstein's camp maintain that WASHINGTON _ Dianne Feinstein took for granted?
When did Campbell say, ``Senator Feinstein has been a good senator''?
What must first convince conservative Republican primary voters that he is their best choice?
Who do none of the other candidates _ has Campbell's electoral advantages?
What must Feinstein now engage in?
Who _ Ron Unz, Ray Haynes, Bill Horn or J. P. Gough _ has Campbell's electoral advantages?
What was what Huffington had in ample supply?
Whose electoral advantages do none of the other candidates _ Ron Unz, Ray Haynes, Bill Horn or J. P. Gough _ has?
What was a nonpartisan political newsletter that handicaps congressional races?
What do those who know him say in?
What do none of the other candidates _?
Whose experience, fund-raising ability and moderate positions instantly make him the front-runner in a crowded field of largely unknown GOP candidates?
Where did Jennifer Duffy say, ``He's the best candidate''?
What did a Field Poll released last week show well above 50 percent?
What will be hard to make?
What did WASHINGTON _ Dianne Feinstein's campaign manager say, ``Feinstein has demonstrated for''?
What puzzled many observers _?
Who was Rep. Tom Campbell's entry Tuesday into California's 2000 Senate race to vote against Newt Gingrich's bid to be re-elected as speaker in January 1997?
Who was Fong's communication director?
What did Campbell say no less than five times that he was a ``fiscal conservative,'' touting his support of small government and less taxes at?
Who said, ``He's the best candidate that Republicans have in the field''?
What did her campaign manager say, ``Feinstein has demonstrated for''?
Who has yet to endorse a candidate in the GOP race?
Whose campaign manager said, ``Feinstein has demonstrated she can be an independent voice for the people of California''?
Whose campaign is Fong now a state co-chair of?
Whose easy ride to re-election is over?
What will none of the other candidates be a tough sell in?
Who abhors campaigning perhaps more than any other politician at her level?
What do Rep. Tom Campbell's entry Tuesday into California's 2000 Senate race 'm as fiscally conservative as?
What was the measure's approval?
Who said banning these generic AIDS drugs in Africa would have caused needless suffering and death in countries where AIDS is so widespread it is a public health emergency?
What did AIDS groups say is critical because the vast majority of the world's HIV and AIDS cases are in developing countries?
What make cheaper generic versions?
What are countries as?
What can people not afford expensive drug cocktails at?
What are the vast majority of the world's HIV and AIDS cases in?
What did Sen. Dianne Feinstein say. . . is clearly in the national interest to prevent the further spread of HIV AIDS in Africa?
What did WASHINGTON _ approved a measure that would help guarantee access to cheap generic AIDS drugs for African countries that have been devastated by the epidemic?
What did Sen. Dianne Feinstein say represent 83 percent of the total HIV and AIDS-related deaths worldwide?
What do countries make?
What did she say. . . is clearly in the national interest to prevent the further spread of HIV AIDS in Africa?
What did Feinstein say in?
What are such as India?
What did she say have died from the disease?
What had the American pharmaceutical industry pressed Congress to stop from producing generic versions of their drugs?
Who spoke on the Senate floor?
Who said those deaths represent 83 percent of the total HIV and AIDS-related deaths worldwide?
What was AIDS Actions?
What did she say represent 83 percent of the total HIV and AIDS-related deaths worldwide?
What was a major defeat for the American pharmaceutical industry?
What did Feinstein say banning would have caused needless suffering and death in countries where AIDS is so widespread it is a public health emergency?
What can people not afford at developing countries?
What did Feinstein say are infected with HIV or AIDS?
What did Feinstein say with?
What do trade officials and lobbyists for U. S. drug companies press Congress to protect?
What are unavailable?
Who said, ``The impact of AIDS in Africa is huge''?
What are in developing countries?
Who does not have generic drugs?
What cannot afford expensive drug cocktails at developing countries?
What did Sen. Dianne Feinstein say those deaths represent worldwide?
Who was a Washington advocacy group?
Who press Congress to protect intellectual property rights?
Where did Feinstein say banning these generic AIDS drugs in Africa would have caused needless suffering and death?
What continues to be a major threat to the well being of the entire African continent?
What do generic drugs tend to be significantly cheaper than brand name?
What began in 1997?
What had pressed Congress to stop foreign countries from producing generic versions of their drugs?
What did WASHINGTON _ The Senate on Wednesday approved?
What did she say about one-third, or 11. 5 million these people, have died from?
Who said. . . It is clearly in the national interest to prevent the further spread of HIV AIDS in Africa?
What did she say?
What did she say those deaths represent worldwide?
What does it continue to be?
What did AIDS groups applaud?
Who said about 34 million people in Africa _ about the size of the population of California _ are infected with HIV or AIDS?
When did the conflict pitting intellectual property rights vs. access to AIDS drugs begin?
What did Feinstein speak on?
What did Sen. Dianne Feinstein say those deaths represent 83 percent of worldwide?
What did Sen. Dianne Feinstein say. . . the impact of AIDS in Africa is clearly in?
Who said about one-third, or 11. 5 million these people, have died from the disease?
Who said. . . the impact of AIDS in Africa is clearly in the national interest to prevent the further spread of HIV AIDS in Africa?
Who D-Calif?
What did Sen. Dianne Feinstein say about one-third, or 11. 5 million these people, have died from?
What did Feinstein say about 34 million people in Africa _ about the size of the population of California _ are infected with?
What did Feinstein say banning these generic AIDS drugs in Africa would have caused needless suffering and death in?
What _ The Senate on Wednesday approved a measure that would help guarantee access to cheap generic AIDS drugs for African countries that have been devastated by the epidemic?
What can AIDS drugs cost $12,000 to a year?
How many people in Africa _ about the size of the population of California _ did Feinstein say are infected with HIV or AIDS?
Who was executive director for AIDS Actions?
What tend to be significantly cheaper than brand name AIDS drugs?
What can cost $12,000 to $15,000 a year?
Where did Feinstein say?
What did Sen. Dianne Feinstein say?
Who have fought back?
Who was Daniel Zingale?
When did U. S. drug companies appear poised to win a battle in that fight early?
What did Sen. Dianne Feinstein say have died from the disease?
What did U. S. drug companies appear poised to win early on Wednesday?
What did she say those deaths represent 83 percent of worldwide?
What said the price of AIDS drugs is critical because the vast majority of the world's HIV and AIDS cases are in developing countries?
What do you not have?
What do trade officials and lobbyists for U. S. drug companies press to protect intellectual property rights?
What had the American pharmaceutical industry pressed to stop foreign countries from producing generic versions of their drugs?
What did Feinstein say banning these generic AIDS drugs in Africa would have caused in countries where AIDS is so widespread it is a public health emergency?
What do generic drugs tend to be significantly cheaper than AIDS drugs?
What appeared poised to win a battle in that fight early on Wednesday?
What does the impact of AIDS in Africa continue to be?
What did WASHINGTON _?
What did she say. . . It is clearly in?
What did AIDS groups say in?
What applauded the measure's approval?
Who has the Immigration and Naturalization Service ordered the American relatives of Elian Gonzalez to return the boy to in Cuba?
What killed his mother, her boyfriend and nine other people?
Who just hopes it's soon because politics and political movements should not use children to meet their priorities?
Who did Feinstein say Reps. Maxine Waters told that U. S. law and immigration policies are on their side?
What did Feinstein say Reps. Maxine Waters told Rodriguez and Quintana that U. S. law and immigration policies are on?
What also met with Attorney General Jane Reno in hopes of persuading her to withdraw the INS order to send the boy back to Cuba?
What did Feinstein say she would do?
Who did Feinstein, d-calif ``I have just spent some time with''?
Who must we find for calm seas?
Who did the women meet with Sen. Arlen Specter besides?
Who is 6?
Who D-Calif ``I have just spent some time with two women who were very intimidated''?
Who did Feinstein describe as ``heartbroken'' and ``sobbing''?
Who does Elian have?
Who did Dominican Sister Jeanne O'Laughlin say: ``has been in the torment of the seas''?
Who was found clinging to an inner tube off the coast of Florida on Nov. 25 after the boat carrying him to the United States capsized?
Whose relatives in Florida are fighting to prevent his return to Cuba?
Who said she told Rodriguez and Quintana that U. S. law and immigration policies are on their side?
What killed his mother, Sen. Dianne Feinstein on Friday's boyfriend and nine other people?
Who do Gonzalez's relatives in Florida argue that it was the wish of?
What capsized?
Who said ``a gold chain'' are confusing the 6-year-old boy?
Who said: ``The child has been in the torment of the seas''?
Where did she add?''
What has the Immigration and Naturalization Service ordered the American relatives of Elian Gonzalez to return the boy to his father in?
What did Dominican Sister Jeanne O'Laughlin say: now the child's been in?
Who did O'Laughlin also meet with in hopes of persuading her to withdraw the INS order to send the boy back to Cuba?
Who followed a meeting with members of Congress in Washington?
Who can remain with his Florida relatives?
What do Gonzalez's relatives in Florida argue?
What do I just hope?
Who described 45 minutes with Raquel Rodriguez and Mariela Quintana as ``heartbroken'' and ``sobbing''?
What are Gonzalez's relatives in Florida fighting to prevent?
What was Elian Gonzalez at the time?
What did Dominican Sister Jeanne O'Laughlin say: ``The child has been in''?
How many minutes with Raquel Rodriguez and Mariela Quintana did Feinstein describe as ``heartbroken'' and ``sobbing''?
What did Feinstein say Reps. Maxine Waters told Rodriguez and Quintana on?
What do Gonzalez's relatives in Florida argue that it was?
Who is Juan Miguel Gonzalez?
Who did the women meet with besides Feinstein?
Who should politics and political movements not use to meet their priorities?
What did Feinstein describe as ``heartbroken'' and ``sobbing''?
Who called congressional efforts to grant Elian Gonzalez citizenship so he can remain with his Florida relatives are ``terrible?''
What does &UR; &LR; &ql; at?
What did the Florida nun whose Miami Beach home was used earlier in the week for a meeting between the boy and his grandmothers abruptly come out in?
Who must find for him calm seas?
Who described them as ``heartbroken'' and ``sobbing''?
What did she add to?''
Who did Feinstein say told Rodriguez and Quintana that U. S. law and immigration policies are on their side?
Who has the Immigration and Naturalization Service ordered to return the boy to his father in Cuba?
Who abruptly came out in favor of keeping the boy in the United States?
What did Feinstein describe them as?
Who abruptly threw off Sen. Dianne Feinstein on Friday's impartiality?
Who did the boat carrying him to the United States kill?
What did Feinstein say she told Rodriguez and Quintana on?
Who can Elian Gonzalez remain with?
Who has a father who loves him and has a home for him in Cuba?
Whose father is Juan Miguel Gonzalez?
Who are fighting to prevent Sen. Dianne Feinstein on Friday's return to Cuba?
Whose relatives in Florida are fighting to prevent Sen. Dianne Feinstein on Friday's return to Cuba?
What was the gold chain?
What is Elian Gonzalez?
Where did Reps. Maxine Waters add?''
What has ordered the American relatives of Elian Gonzalez to return the boy to his father in Cuba?
Where did Feinstein say Reps. Maxine Waters told Rodriguez and Quintana?
What did the grandmothers spend a third day Friday meeting with lawmakers on?
What do I just hope's soon because politics and political movements should not use children to meet their priorities?
Who did Feinstein, d-calif ``with''?
Who said she would do ``whatever I can'' to protect their rights?
What did Feinstein call?''
What was Sen. Arlen Specter?
Who did Feinstein say she told that U. S. law and immigration policies are on their side?
What was a baseball cap?
What should politics and political movements not use children to meet?
What did O'Laughlin also meet with Attorney General Jane Reno in?
Who is his father?
What should not use children to meet their priorities?
Who was R-Pa?
Who met with Sen. Arlen Specter besides Feinstein?
Who was 5 at the time?
Who said: now the child's been in the torment of political agendas?
Who said Reps. Maxine Waters told Rodriguez and Quintana that U. S. law and immigration policies are on their side?
Who did Dominican Sister Jeanne O'Laughlin say: now's been in the torment of political agendas?
Where did Feinstein say Reps. Maxine Waters told Rodriguez and Quintana that U. S. law and immigration policies are?
What did Dominican Sister Jeanne O'Laughlin say: now he's been in?
Who spent a third day Friday meeting with lawmakers on Capitol Hill?
Where did Feinstein say she told Rodriguez and Quintana that U. S. law and immigration policies are?
What oversees the immigration agency?
What does WASHINGTON _ With?
What does Reno oversee?
Who has the Immigration and Naturalization Service ordered the American relatives of Elian Gonzalez to return to his father in Cuba?
What do I believe?
Who did Feinstein say would do ``whatever I can'' to protect their rights?
What was the baseball cap?
What did the Florida nun whose Miami Beach home was used earlier in the week for a meeting between the boy and Elian Gonzalez's grandmothers abruptly throw off?
What did Feinstein describe 45 minutes with Raquel Rodriguez and Mariela Quintana as?
Where did Feinstein say she told Rodriguez and Quintana?
Where did Feinstein say?
Who argue that it was the wish of his mother for the boy to live in the United States?
What did Feinstein say?
Whose relatives in Florida argue that it was the wish of his mother for the boy to live in the United States?
Who did Feinstein, d-calif ``have just spent some time with two women who were very intimidated''?
What did Dominican Sister Jeanne O'Laughlin follow?
What must we find for him calm?
What did the Florida nun whose Miami Beach home was used earlier in the week for a meeting between the boy and his grandmothers abruptly throw off?
What was a trip to Disney Land and American razzle-dazzle?
What refused to budge?
Where did the grandmothers spend a third day Friday meeting with lawmakers?
What did Feinstein call are ``terrible?''
Who is the boy's father?
What did Feinstein say she told Rodriguez and Quintana that U. S. law and immigration policies are on?
What did Feinstein say on?
What did Reps. Maxine Waters add to?''
Where has the Immigration and Naturalization Service ordered the American relatives of Elian Gonzalez to return the boy to his father?
Who did the boat carrying Elian Gonzalez to the United States kill?
When did Feinstein, d-calif ``I have just spent with two women who were very intimidated''?
Who believes that justice is going to find its way?
When did Feinstein describe as ``heartbroken'' and ``sobbing''?
When was Elian Gonzalez 5?
Who can he remain with?
Who are fighting to prevent his return to Cuba?
Who abruptly threw off her impartiality?
Who said: now he's been in the torment of political agendas?
Who would be permitted to run for both vice president and senator on the same ballot?
What has she benefited from?
What did Campbell begin with a call for replacing the income tax with a national sales tax?
What did Field say was ``the perfect position''?
What do we take very seriously?
Who did they assume had to be a liberal?
What did last year sign up small donors in?
What did people assume Dianne had to be?
What did Campbell begin his campaign with?
Who defeated John Seymour?
Who began his campaign with a call for allowing local governments to initiate programs to provide free drugs to drug addicts?
What has she also benefited from by Clinton _ turning gun control into a tough-on-crime position?
What has Dianne benefited from?
What is as good as it has ever been for Feinstein?
What is Dianne's popularity in California?
What did Field say it was ?
What does the public trust's from 10 years ago?
What did Feinstein also recall in?
What did Dianne's campaign spend nearly $900,000 on?
What does her support run the gamut of?
Who has it ever been for?
Who said, ``He's sort of a strange candidate''?
What has Feinstein the tough-on-crime position embraced as to Dianne's legislative career?
What do I not pay attention to?
Whose campaign spent nearly $900,000 on an intense telemarketing campaign?
What has Dianne also benefited from one major centrist move by Clinton _ turning into a tough-on-crime position?
What has Dianne also benefited from one major centrist move by Clinton _ turning gun control into?
What did Dianne's campaign sign up small donors in?
Who say they want to see what kind of advertising Campbell airs?
What's a long way from 10 years ago?
Who have campaign advisers been with through all her campaigns?
Who has this ever been for?
When did Feinstein also recall that she was mentioned in the same way?
What did Feinstein seize during the impeachment controversy?
What are cuts across ethnic and gender lines?
Who said ``She's perceived as carrying herself with dignity and grace''?
What did Feinstein express at President Clinton's personal conduct while maintaining support for his policies?
Who was the outsider then?
What does she hold a commanding lead in the polls: 5 to 1 over Campbell in?
Whose time has been spent preparing for the general election?
Who do Feinstein campaign officials say want to see what kind of advertising Campbell airs?
Who was Dianne?
Who has Feinstein endorsed?
What did her campaign sign up small donors in?
What does this get in?
Who has benefited from the public perception that Clinton's centrist policies have been effective in spurring the nation's economic boom?
Who have been with Dianne through all her campaigns?
When did Huffington's blitz begin?
What did Kuwata say people have not made?
What is she at?
What did Huffington run on television?
What does Dianne also have in place?
Who ran ads on television?
What took people a long time to figure that out because Dianne was the mayor of San Francisco?
Who did people assume had to be a liberal?
Whose incomplete term was she finishing?
What does Emeryville attorney Michael Schmier admit he has no money with to mount a challenge against Feinstein?
What took people a long time to figure that out because she was the mayor of San Francisco?
What do a possible running mate for Vice President Al Gore not pay to it?
What did Field say the middle ground was ?
Who has Dianne also benefited from one major centrist move by turning gun control into a tough-on-crime position?
What does she also have in a veteran team of campaign advisers of the past decade?
What did Kuwata say we have not made?
What assumed Dianne had to be a liberal?
Who does she also have in place a veteran team of of the past decade?
Who was Feinstein then?
What gets in politics?
What has she been biding her time during, confidently preparing to take on Rep. Tom Campbell in November?
Who said, ``Rep. Tom Campbell's sort of a strange candidate''?
Who assumed she had to be a liberal?
What did pollster Mervin Field say ``with''?
Who 're still trying to figure out if we 're going to go on TV in the primary?
What did Feinstein express outrage at while maintaining support for President Clinton's policies?
Who do not pay attention to it?
What did Feinstein also recall that Dianne was mentioned in in 1984?
Whose only opposition in the Democratic primary is Emeryville attorney Michael Schmier?
What has ever been for Feinstein?
What is Dianne at?
What do Feinstein campaign officials say?
What is Emeryville attorney Michael Schmier?
Who was Wilson's hand-picked successor?
What would be much to the evident relief of Feinstein of the 11-month campaign?
Who did Rep. Tom Campbell's unconventional proposals mystify?
Who ran for the Senate?
What do a possible running mate for Vice President Al Gore not pay attention to?
What said a centrist who snubs the outer edges of political ideology ``has not done or said anything that turns the California public off''?
What is Feinstein?
What are party lines?
Who is Rep. Tom Campbell?
Who thinks the campaign will play itself out in less than traditional ways?
Who also recalled that Dianne was mentioned in the same way in 1984?
Who does Emeryville attorney Michael Schmier admit has no money with which to mount a challenge against Feinstein?
What did Dianne's campaign spend on an intense telemarketing campaign?
Who also recalled that she was mentioned in the same way in 1984?
What did Huffington come within?
What does Emeryville attorney Michael Schmier admit with?
Who did his unconventional proposals mystify?
What 're still trying to figure out if we 're going to go on TV in the primary?
What does she's always been?
What do I think the campaign will play itself out in?
What does it's from 10 years ago?
Who did she defeat?
Who got more votes than any Senate candidate in American history?
What did her campaign spend nearly $900,000 on?
What said the middle ground was ``the perfect position''?
What does she also have in place?
What has Dianne also benefited from by Clinton _ turning gun control into a tough-on-crime position?
What have campaign advisers been with Dianne through?
Who was on the ballot again?
What began in January?
What did people assume?
What do Feinstein campaign officials say want to see what kind of advertising Campbell airs?
Whose personal conduct did Feinstein express outrage at while maintaining support for President Clinton's policies?
What did Feinstein seize the middle ground during?
What do I think believe?
Where does she hold a commanding lead in the polls: 5 to 1 over Campbell?
What did Attorney General John Van de Kamp have?
What did she tell the Chronicle during last weekend, ``People know me''?
Who does not take him for granted?
Who expressed outrage at President Clinton's personal conduct while maintaining support for his policies?
What do Feinstein campaign officials say they want to see?
What cuts across party lines?
What did they assume she had to be?
Who does Dianne also have in place a veteran team of of the past decade?
Who said, ``Dianne has always appealed to the same middle everybody talked about Clinton appealing to''?
What do I think the campaign will play out in less than traditional ways?
Who's always been a centrist?
What do I not pay to it?
Who had the support of virtually every major state?
Who do not take Feinstein media consultant Bill Carrick for granted?
What has Feinstein's time been spent preparing for?
Who declined to comment on the possibility of running with him?
What do I think?
Who was political ideology?
Whose legislative career has Feinstein the tough-on-crime position embraced as a central issue to?
Who came within 163,000 votes of defeating her?
Who admits he has no money with which to mount a challenge against Feinstein?
Who has unpleasant memories of the the race against Huffington all but two weeks?
When did Feinstein also recall that Dianne was mentioned in the same way?
Who do I not take for granted?
What was Feinstein on again?
What would that be much to?
What did she win?
Whose personal conduct did Feinstein express outrage at while maintaining support for his policies?
What has Feinstein embraced as a central issue to Dianne's legislative career?
Whose unconventional proposals mystified Feinstein and Dianne's top advisers?
When has she been biding during the primary campaign, confidently preparing to take on Rep. Tom Campbell in November?
Who said people have not made that decision?
Who did she lose narrowly to?
What did Feinstein express outrage at while maintaining support for his policies?
What did Campaign manager Kam Kuwata say in?
Who is the presumptive Republican nominee?
What has Feinstein embraced as a central issue to her legislative career?
What was she the mayor of?
What does she hold in the most recent Field Poll?
Who lost narrowly to Republican Pete Wilson?
What mystified Feinstein and Dianne's top advisers?
Where does Dianne also have a veteran team of campaign advisers of the past decade?
What did Huffington spend attacking Feinstein?
Who is sitting on a campaign treasury of more than $2. 6 million?
What did they assume?
Who is at her most passionate when decrying the ``trickle-down of guns to children'' and the ``nation'' awash in guns?
What runs the gamut of the political spectrum?
Who has she also benefited from one major centrist move by turning gun control into a tough-on-crime position?
What does it get in?
What did Dianne decline to comment on?
Who was the mayor of San Francisco?
What was Feinstein?
Who does Emeryville attorney Michael Schmier admit he has no money with which to mount a challenge against?
What is Feinstein sitting on?
Who was finishing Wilson's incomplete term?
What does Emeryville attorney Michael Schmier admit he has with which to mount a challenge against Feinstein?
What did Campbell begin with a call for allowing local governments to initiate programs to provide free drugs to drug addicts?
When does Dianne also have in place a veteran team of campaign advisers?
What did she decline to comment on?
Who has the tough-on-crime position embraced as a central issue to Dianne's legislative career?
Who is expected to begin a statewide TV advertising effort late this week or early next week?
What did she run for?
What did Feinstein also recall that she was mentioned in in 1984?
What may not be as good as it gets in politics?
Who did she get more votes than?
Who was she?
What is one reason she is frequently mentioned as a possible running mate for Vice President Al Gore?
Who has benefited from the public perception that she has been a consistent supporter of legislation to drive down the federal budget deficit?
What have campaign advisers been with her through?
Who said?
Who seized the middle ground during the impeachment controversy?
Who has endorsed Gore?
Who expressed outrage at President Clinton's personal conduct while maintaining support for President Clinton's policies?
What is her popularity in California?
Who do Rep. Tom Campbell not take for granted?
What do I think will play itself out in less than traditional ways?
Who said, ``Rep. Tom Campbell's gut relaxed?''
What does her support cut across?
What assumed she had to be a liberal?
What did Huffington run ads on?
Who said it was ``the perfect position''?
Who said we have not made that decision?
Who won the primary?
Who take the public trust very seriously?
What did she get than any Senate candidate in American history?
Who said, ``My gut relaxed?''
What did Kuwata say have not made that decision?
Who does not pay attention to it?
Where does she also have a veteran team of campaign advisers of the past decade?
Who was John Seymour?
Who began his campaign with a call for replacing the income tax with a national sales tax?
What was she finishing?
What does her support run?
Whose blitz began in January?
Whose popularity in California is one reason she is frequently mentioned as a possible running mate for Vice President Al Gore?
Who told the Chronicle during an interview last weekend, ``People know me''?
What has she also benefited from one major centrist move by Clinton _ turning into a tough-on-crime position?
Who has been biding her time during the primary campaign, confidently preparing to take on Rep. Tom Campbell in November?
Who is her only opposition in the Democratic primary?
What was Dianne the mayor of?
What spent nearly $900,000 on an intense telemarketing campaign?
What does Emeryville attorney Michael Schmier admit he has no money with which to mount against Feinstein?
Who also has in place a veteran team of campaign advisers of the past decade?
What has Feinstein the tough-on-crime position embraced as to her legislative career?
Who have been with her through all her campaigns?
What mystified Feinstein and her top advisers?
When does she also have in place a veteran team of campaign advisers?
What did Feinstein express at President Clinton's personal conduct while maintaining support for President Clinton's policies?
What has she also benefited from one major centrist move by Clinton _ turning gun control into?
When has been spent preparing for the general election?
What does Dianne also have in a veteran team of campaign advisers of the past decade?
Who has the tough-on-crime position embraced as a central issue to her legislative career?
Whose hand-picked successor was John Seymour?
Who did Huffington spend $30 million attacking?
What did her campaign spend on an intense telemarketing campaign?
Who is now 67?
Who is Dianne's only opposition in the Democratic primary?
What did Attorney General John Van de Kamp have the support of?
Who declined to comment on the possibility of running with Feinstein?
Who did pollster Mervin Field say ``'s perceived as carrying herself with dignity and grace''?
What does Dianne's always been?
Who did Kuwata say have not made that decision?
Who holds a commanding lead in the polls: 5 to 1 over Campbell in the most recent Field Poll?
Who also has benefited from one major centrist move by Clinton _ turning gun control into a tough-on-crime position?
Who is running largely to protest the dwindling number of appellate cases that are published for public review?
What has Feinstein the tough-on-crime position embraced as a central issue to?
Who spent $30 million attacking Feinstein?
What do I think in?
Who thinks people believe?
How many mothers did dees-Thomases say she expects to demonstrate in Washington Sunday?
Who did dees-Thomases say expects at least 150,000 mothers to demonstrate in Washington Sunday?
Who would buyers of new guns pay a $25 fee to to get licenses?
Who said the legislation is needed because each day 80 people are killed by guns in the United States?
What are 80 people killed by guns in?
Who added, ` We have rights to walk down the street?
Where did Donna Dees-Thomases also predict?
What does the organization also favor?
Who said the main objective of the march is to urge women to find out how their lawmakers are voting on gun control legislation?
Who said she expects at least 150,000 mothers to demonstrate in Washington Sunday?
Whose kids does a mother have to know?
What would the legislation also require?
What did she say the Million Mom March is just ``?''
What also favors gun registration?
What would current owners of handguns and semiautomatic firearms that can use detachable ammunition clips have up to 10 years to get licenses under?
Who also predicted that tens of thousands of women will turn out to protest in Denver, Atlanta, Chicago and Los Angeles?
When did the senator say?''
What did Donna Dees-Thomases of Short Falls founder of the Million Mom March, say Feinstein's gun-licensing legislation is?
Who added, ` We have rights to get shot?
What did she say on?
Who was D-N. J.?
Where did dees-Thomases say she expects at least 150,000 mothers to demonstrate Sunday?
What is the most controversial part of the stalled bill?
Who added, ` applicants have rights to get shot?
Who do you want to you get a fishing license?
Who would also have to sign a pledge to keep weapons safely stored?
What did she say?''
Who said that ``for years applicants 've been hearing from gun owners who say they have rights?''
What did she say is just ``the beginning of an effort to mobilize women?''
Who added, ` applicants have rights to walk down the street?
What did she also predict in?
Who would have up to 10 years to get licenses under Feinstein's proposal?
Who did Sen. Dianne Feinstein say does not expect her measure to pass this year?
What would the legislation also stop the import of?
What would also require safety locks on handguns?
When would applicants have to provide?
What would applicants also have to sign?
Who would also have to pass a background check and a written firearm-safety test?
What do you want to hunt?
What would the legislation also ban to minors?
Who said she does not expect her measure to pass this year?
What did she say the Million Mom March is just ``the beginning of?''
Who are also pushing for passage of gun control measures in the so-called juvenile justice bill?
What would also stop the import of high capacity ammunition clips?
What did Feinstein say by?
What would also have to sign a pledge to keep weapons safely stored?
What did Sen. Barbara Boxer say?''
What would the legislation also stop?
What did dees-Thomases say she expects at least 150,000 mothers to demonstrate in Washington?
What did she predict it will be buoyed by?
When was the so-called juvenile justice bill passed in different forms by both houses of Congress?
What was Washington?
Who wants to hunt when you want a gun?
Who has to know that Sen. Dianne Feinstein's kids are safe?
What was Sen. Frank R. Lautenberg the chief co-sponsor of?
What did Donna Dees-Thomases of Short Falls founder of the Million Mom March, say is her top priority?
When would current owners of handguns and semiautomatic firearms that can use detachable ammunition clips have up to get licenses under Feinstein's proposal?
What was the so-called juvenile justice bill passed in different forms by last year?
What is a measure that would require that private dealers at gun shows check the backgrounds of would-be firearm buyers?
What did Donna Dees-Thomases also predict that tens of thousands of women will turn out to protest in?
What was passed in different forms by both houses of Congress last year?
What did Sen. Frank R. Lautenberg say?
Where did dees-Thomases say?
What has been stalled in a conference committee for more than 10 months?
What would the legislation also ban the sale of to minors?
Where are 80 people killed by guns?
Who has to know that her kids are safe?
What did Donna Dees-Thomases say is to urge women to find out how their lawmakers are voting on gun control legislation?
What did she say?
What has the legislation been stalled in for more than 10 months?
Who did she say does not expect her measure to pass this year?
What would also have to pass a background check and a written firearm-safety test?
What would they also have to pass?
What would also ban the sale of assault weapons to minors?
Who did Feinstein say to?
Who would have to provide their date and place of birth?
Where did Donna Dees-Thomases also predict that tens of thousands of women will turn out to protest?
Who said that ``for years we 've been hearing from gun owners who say they have rights?''
Who said, ``applicants put that on our agenda since day one''?
Who said, ``We put that on our agenda since day one''?
When has the legislation been stalled in a conference committee?
Who wants to hunt you get a fishing license?
What did she predict by?
What are the march organizers also pushing for?
What would applicants have to provide their date and place of?
What did Donna Dees-Thomases say on?
Who was the chief co-sponsor of the measure?
Whose gun-licensing legislation did Donna Dees-Thomases of Short Falls founder of the Million Mom March, say?
What did Sen. Dianne Feinstein say?
Where did she also predict that tens of thousands of women will turn out to protest?
What did she also predict that tens of thousands of women will turn out to protest in?
What did Sen. Barbara Boxer say is just ``the beginning of an effort to mobilize women?''
Who said the Million Mom March is just ``the beginning of an effort to mobilize women?''
Who do you want to hunt get a fishing license?
Whose gun-licensing legislation did Donna Dees-Thomases of Short Falls founder of the Million Mom March, say is her top priority?
Who did dees-Thomases say she expects to demonstrate in Washington Sunday?
What does a mother have to know?
What did she say she does not expect?
What would applicants also have to pass?
Who do you want to when you want a gun?
What did dees-Thomases say in?
What did Feinstein say is needed because each day 80 people are killed by guns in the United States?
Whose proposal would current owners of handguns and semiautomatic firearms that can use detachable ammunition clips have up to 10 years to get licenses under?
Who said the Senate ``does not have enough votes to pass sensible gun control legislation'' because of the power of the National Rifle Association?
What would buyers of new guns pay a $25 fee to a firearms dealer or a state-certified entity to get?
What did she say is to urge women to find out how their lawmakers are voting on gun control legislation?
Who asked, ``What could be a better fight''?
What are 80 people killed by in the United States?
What would current owners of handguns and semiautomatic firearms that can use detachable ammunition clips have up to 10 years to get under Feinstein's proposal?
What would buyers of new guns pay to a firearms dealer or a state-certified entity to get licenses?
What did Sen. Barbara Boxer say the Million Mom March is just ``?''
What did dees-Thomases say she expects at least 150,000 mothers to demonstrate in Sunday?
What did Sen. Barbara Boxer say the Million Mom March is just ``the beginning of?''
What do you want to hunt you get?
What was Sen. Frank R. Lautenberg?
Who said only one lobby can stand up to the NRA _ women?
What would they also have to sign?
Who did Feinstein say only one lobby can stand up to?
Where did she also predict?
Who said Feinstein's gun-licensing legislation is her top priority?
Who said, ``This is about mothers taking responsibility for themselves''?
What did Sen. Dianne Feinstein say she does not expect?
How many people are killed by guns in the United States?
What was D. C.?
What did Donna Dees-Thomases of Short Falls founder of the Million Mom March, say?
What did Donna Dees-Thomases also predict in?
Who would pay a $25 fee to a firearms dealer or a state-certified entity to get licenses?
What did Feinstein say can stand up to the NRA _ women?
What are killed by guns in the United States?
What was the so-called juvenile justice bill passed in by both houses of Congress last year?
Who would the legislation also ban the sale of assault weapons to?
Who was D-Calif?
Who acknowledged that Sens. Barbara Boxer's more sweeping measure has almost no chance to pass the current Congress?
What do you want to?
What did thousands of women begin traveling to Washington for a Mother's Day rally on the National Mall in?
What did she say she believes?
What did Sens. Barbara Boxer say she believes she could have saved by shooting the gunman?
What did California Sen. Dianne Feinstein introduce legislation Tuesday to register their firearms WASHINGTON _ Declaring that the power of a million moms can defeat?
Who will be the keynote speaker at the pro-gun march?
Who acknowledged that her more sweeping measure has almost no chance to pass the current Congress?
What was Gratia-Hupp in in 1991 when a lone gunman killed 21 people in a shooting spree?
Who did Sens. Barbara Boxer say she believes could have saved lives by shooting the gunman?
What did Feinstein say in?
Who talked of the misery inflicted on thousands of families and the loss of freedom for so many kids?
What did California Sen. Dianne Feinstein introduce legislation Tuesday to require that gun owners obtain licenses WASHINGTON _ Declaring?
What would the Democratic senator's legislation impose on gun owners similar to those that exist for drivers?
What did Jim Manown say favor strict enforcement of the existing laws?
What did March's leaders say licensing and registration is?
What did Claudette Perry of Washington, D. C. , push through in 1994 as a first-term senator?
Who did she warn that they have a choice of either ``signing on to active gun control legislation'' or signing out in November?
Who did its leaders say is their top priority?
Who did she say believes she could have saved lives by shooting the gunman?
Whose leaders said licensing and registration is their top priority?
Who would need licenses?
What did she warn lawmakers?
Where did thousands of women begin traveling for a Mother's Day rally on the National Mall in support of gun control?
What did organizers say?''
Who warned lawmakers that they have a choice of either ``signing on to active gun control legislation'' or signing out in November?
Whose news conference included harrowing stories from individuals whose families have been shattered by guns?
Who introduced her measure as thousands of women began traveling to Washington for a Mother's Day rally on the National Mall in support of gun control?
Who did Manown accuse of engaging in little more than a publicity stunt?
What did its leaders say licensing and registration is?
What did she say?
What did Manown say ``Anyone who is familiar with the landscape of the Congress knows''?
What welled up in her eyes?
What did March's leaders say?
Who was Jim Manown?
Who did Jim Manown say favor strict enforcement of the existing laws?
Who was joined by Sens. Barbara Boxer?
What did Feinstein choose to introduce the measure, nearly a year in?
What does the senator ever choose to leave?
Whose more sweeping measure did Feinstein acknowledge?
When was Gratia-Hupp in a restaurant in Killeen when a lone gunman killed 21 people in a shooting spree?
What do you want to buy?
When did Claudette Perry of Washington, D. C. , push through a ban on assault weapons as a first-term senator?
What would be recorded and the information transmitted to the Treasury Department?
What did tears roll down?
Who was Feinstein flanked by?
Whose legislation would impose requirements on gun owners similar to those that exist for drivers?
What did she say she believes she could have saved by shooting the gunman?
What included harrowing stories from individuals whose families have been shattered by guns?
What did Claudette Perry of Washington, D. C. , talk of?
What did California Sen. Dianne Feinstein introduce legislation Tuesday to register gun owners's firearms WASHINGTON _ Declaring that the power of a million moms can defeat?
What did California Sen. Dianne Feinstein introduce legislation Tuesday to register their firearms _ Declaring that the power of a million moms can defeat the gun lobby?
What did thousands of women begin traveling to for a Mother's Day rally on the National Mall in support of gun control?
Who said they ``want to show the American public that not all women are pro-gun control?''
What did Claudette Perry of Washington, D. C. , warn lawmakers?
What began traveling to Washington for a Mother's Day rally on the National Mall in support of gun control?
Who said they favor strict enforcement of the existing laws?
What did organizers say they ``want to show the American public?''
Who said licensing and registration is their top priority?
What did Sens. Barbara Boxer say?
What did Feinstein say?''
When will Texas state Rep. Suzanna Gratia-Hupp be the keynote speaker?
Who mocked Feinstein's proposed restrictions?
What did Feinstein say will change if Democrats prevail in November's election?
What was D. C.?
What would licenses cost?
What did Feinstein say in, ``The time has come to say enough is enough and demand of Congress the passage of commonsense gun laws''?
What did she talk of?
What rolled down the cheeks of many others gathered in Senate hearing room?
Who was San Francisco's mayor nearly two decades ago?
Who did March's leaders say is their top priority?
What are they now languishing in?
Who pushed through a ban on assault weapons in 1994 as a first-term senator?
Who was Texas?
Who wants to fish?
Who were not approved by the House?
What were they not approved by?
Who introduced legislation Tuesday to register their firearms WASHINGTON _ Declaring that the power of a million moms can defeat the gun lobby?
How many marches will be on opposite sides of the Washington Monument?
Who is this?
What would cost $25?
Who stood with Feinstein at Tuesday's news conference?
What will the Million Mom March go east from the monument to?
Who will Texas state Rep. Suzanna Gratia-Hupp be at the pro-gun march?
What will be on opposite sides of the Washington Monument?
What did Feinstein acknowledge?
Who would the Democratic senator's legislation impose requirements on?
When will go west toward the Lincoln Memorial?
Whose Day rally did thousands of women begin traveling to Washington for on the National Mall in support of gun control?
What did Feinstein acknowledge that her more sweeping measure has?
What do Gun supporters mock?
What is the women in America?
What will the Armed Informed Mothers ' March go west toward?
What are now languishing in a conference committee?
What did its leaders stand with Feinstein at?
What did tears well up in?
Who did March's leaders stand with at Tuesday's news conference?
When did she push through a ban on assault weapons as a first-term senator?
Who did she say she believes could have saved lives by shooting the gunman?
What are fundamentally skeptical that gun regulation will reduce violent crimes?
Who did she push through a ban on assault weapons in 1994 as?
Who chose to introduce the measure, nearly a year in the making?
What did California Sen. Dianne Feinstein introduce legislation Tuesday to register gun owners's firearms _ Declaring that the power of a million moms can defeat the gun lobby?
What was Killeen?
What did thousands of women begin traveling to Washington for a Mother's Day rally on in support of gun control?
Who was a spokesman for the National Rifle Association?
What did Claudette Perry of Washington, D. C. , warn lawmakers that they have?
What did Jim Manown say they favor strict enforcement of?
Who introduced legislation Tuesday to register gun owners's firearms WASHINGTON _ Declaring that the power of a million moms can defeat the gun lobby?
What did Manown say ``knows that this bill is not is &LR; going anywhere''?
What did she warn lawmakers that they have?
Whose leaders stood with Feinstein at Tuesday's news conference?
Who accused Feinstein of engaging in little more than a publicity stunt?
What was Washington?
Who wants to hunt?
Who was she?
Who was Claudette Perry of Washington, D. C. , ?
What will the two marches be on?
What did Feinstein acknowledge that Sens. Barbara Boxer's more sweeping measure has?
Who gets a hunting license?
What were not approved by the House?
Who said she believes she could have saved lives by shooting the gunman?
What will go east from the monument to the Capitol?
What do you get?
What did Feinstein say that the most powerful lobby in Washington is?
What did she push through in 1994 as a first-term senator?
Who was &LR; sh1 &LR; Boxer Present Feinstein joined by?
Who are now languishing in a conference committee?
What did Feinstein's news conference include?
Whose firearms did California Sen. Dianne Feinstein introduce legislation Tuesday to register WASHINGTON _ Declaring that the power of a million moms can defeat the gun lobby?
What did thousands of women begin traveling to Washington for on the National Mall in support of gun control?
What was Sens. Barbara Boxer?
Who introduced legislation Tuesday to require that gun owners obtain licenses WASHINGTON _ Declaring that the power of a million moms can defeat the gun lobby?
Who ever chooses to leave public service?
Who did its leaders stand with at Tuesday's news conference?
What did Sens. Barbara Boxer say she believes?
Who gets a fishing license?
What did California Sen. Dianne Feinstein introduce legislation Tuesday to require WASHINGTON _ Declaring that the power of a million moms can defeat the gun lobby?
What welled up in Claudette Perry of Washington, D. C. ,'s eyes?
Who said the political climate in Washington will change if Democrats prevail in November's election?
What will a Dallas-based group called the Second Amendment Sisters hold?
What would owners of handguns, and semiautomatic firearms that use detachable magazines, need?
Where will the two marches be?
Who did tears roll down the cheeks of?
Who do you want to?
When is being sponsored by a nonpartisan group?
Who did Sens. Barbara Boxer say believes she could have saved lives by shooting the gunman?
Whose proposed restrictions do Gun supporters mock?
Who wants to buy a gun?
What did Feinstein say?
What would impose requirements on gun owners similar to those that exist for drivers?
What will hold a counter-march to draw attention to the lives that are saved by guns every year?
What will the Million Mom March go east from to the Capitol?
What did California Sen. Dianne Feinstein introduce legislation Tuesday to register gun owners's firearms WASHINGTON _ Declaring?
What is the march being sponsored by?
What did California Sen. Dianne Feinstein introduce legislation Tuesday to register their firearms WASHINGTON _ Declaring?
What would all sales of such weapons be recorded transmitted to the Treasury Department?
What did California Sen. Dianne Feinstein introduce legislation Tuesday to require that gun owners obtain licenses WASHINGTON _ Declaring that the power of a million moms can defeat?
What did its leaders say?
What did March's leaders stand with Feinstein at?
Who was in a restaurant in Killeen in 1991 when a lone gunman killed 21 people in a shooting spree?
Who said that the most powerful lobby in Washington is the gun lobby?
What did Jim Manown say they favor?
What were passed by the Senate last year?
What did Manown say ?
What did California Sen. Dianne Feinstein introduce legislation Tuesday to register WASHINGTON _ Declaring that the power of a million moms can defeat the gun lobby?
What did Feinstein introduce as thousands of women began traveling to Washington for a Mother's Day rally on the National Mall in support of gun control?
Who said ``Anyone who is familiar with the landscape of the Congress knows that this bill is not is &LR; going anywhere''?
Who did Claudette Perry of Washington, D. C. , push through a ban on assault weapons in 1994 as?
Who was flanked by march organizers?
Who was valued at between $250,000 and $500,000 in Feinstein's 1996 financial disclosure statement?
What is a Hong Kong-based joint venture?
What was Shanghai Pacific Partners valued between on her 1996 form?
If Dianne Feinstein had done something that's not complete, would not when have heard about it?
What was raised in 1996 by SACRAMENTO _ U. S. Sen. Dianne Feinstein's last GOP opponent?
What was SACRAMENTO _ U. S. Sen. Dianne Feinstein's 2000 economic statement filed earlier this month with?
Who did Blum say had invested as much as $2 million in various Chinese ventures in 1997?
What did Feinstein say Thursday in?
Who see empty columns?
What did Kuwata say none of Blum's Chinese investments turned?
What is Golden China, L. P.?
What's SACRAMENTO _ U. S. Sen. Dianne Feinstein's responsibility?
What were listed at between $500,000 to $1 million?
Who has vowed not to make Blum's far-flung business dealings an issue?
When did Blum say he had invested as much as $2 million in various Chinese ventures?
Who said none of Blum's Chinese investments turned a profit?
Who did GOP Rep. Tom Campbell say Feinstein left blanks on her 1999 federal statement of economic interests that could mask substantial investment in China by?
What were Golden China, L. P.'s assets listed at between $500,000 to?
Whose 2000 economic statement was filed earlier this month with the Senate Ethics Committee?
What did Blum promise to in 1997?
Who did Campbell say Thursday he was criticizing?
Who does the 1999 statement show maintaining a $100,000 to $250,000 investment in Newbridge Capital Ltd. that coordinates Blum's investments in China?
What is Newbridge Capital Ltd.?
What was Shanghai Pacific Partners valued between $500,000 and $1 million on?
Who did GOP Rep. Tom Campbell say left blanks on her 1999 federal statement of economic interests that could mask substantial investment in China by Blum?
What does show Blum maintaining a $100,000 to $250,000 investment in Newbridge Capital Ltd. that coordinates Blum's investments in China?
When did Feinstein say that she and her husband dumped all their investments in China after the May 1999 economic statement was filed?
Who said, ``Neither Dianne nor her husband have any holdings in mainland China''?
What has dogged Feinstein since she was elected to the Senate in 1992?
What did GOP Rep. Tom Campbell say on?
Who did Kuwata say was wrong when he said Feinstein had left the value of 14 investments blank?
What did Campbell say Feinstein could settle by releasing her 2000 economic statement?
What did Feinstein say Thursday that she and her husband dumped all their investments in after the May 1999 economic statement was filed?
Who was Kam Kuwata?
What did Blum say he had invested as much as $2 million in in 1997?
What was her 2000 economic statement filed earlier this month with?
What do GOP Rep. Tom Campbell see?
Who was her billionaire husband?
What was SACRAMENTO _ U. S. Sen. Dianne Feinstein elected to in 1992?
What was raised in 1996 by her last GOP opponent?
What was she elected to in 1992?
When was her 2000 economic statement filed with the Senate Ethics Committee?
What's her responsibility?
When was the possibility of a conflict of interest raised by her last GOP opponent?
What was Golden China valued at in Feinstein's 1996 financial disclosure statement?
What did Feinstein say Thursday that she and her husband dumped in China after the May 1999 economic statement was filed?
Who was SACRAMENTO _ U. S. Sen. Dianne Feinstein's last GOP opponent?
Who was Mike Huffington?
What do you go to?
Who was Feinstein?
Who sees empty columns?
What did Kuwata say, ``I think by''?
What has Campbell vowed not to make?
What did Blum say in in 1997?
Who said, ``I think we 'll abide by the rules of the ethics committee''?
Who has the issue of her husband's investments dogged since she was elected to the Senate in 1992?
Who did Blum found the charity in 1979 to help oppressed by the Chinese government?
Whose requests was the ethics committee?
Whose 1999 statement also included another limited partnership called Shanghai Pacific Partners?
What did Kuwata say?
What will make the document public next month under the value of 14 investments's normal policy?
What did Blum say he had invested in various Chinese ventures in 1997?
What did GOP Rep. Tom Campbell say Feinstein left on her 1999 federal statement of economic interests that could mask substantial investment in China by Blum?
Who insisted she maintained a ``fire wall'' between her senatorial duties and Blum's far-flung financial dealings in the past?
Who said he had invested as much as $2 million in various Chinese ventures in 1997?
What will that be after?
Where did Feinstein say Thursday?
Who charged Thursday that her support of normalizing trade with China could financially benefit her billionaire husband?
Whose assets were listed at between $500,000 to $1 million?
Who said Feinstein could settle the issue by releasing her 2000 economic statement?
What does the 1999 statement show Blum maintaining?
What did she insist in the past?
Who said Thursday that she and her husband dumped all their investments in China after the May 1999 economic statement was filed?
What did Kuwata say, ``GOP Rep. Tom Campbell think by''?
Who said Thursday he was criticizing Feinstein?
Whose last GOP opponent was the possibility of a conflict of interest raised in 1996 by?
What does that's?
What did SACRAMENTO _ U. S. Sen. Dianne Feinstein's Republican opponent charge Thursday?
Who was Richard Blum?
Who was Blum?
What did Blum promise that any future profits from China would be donated to in 1997?
What was valued between $500,000 and $1 million on her 1996 form?
Whose campaign manager was Kam Kuwata?
Who did she insist maintained a ``fire wall'' between her senatorial duties and Blum's far-flung financial dealings in the past?
Where did Feinstein say Thursday that she and her husband dumped all their investments after the May 1999 economic statement was filed?
What was the ethics committee?
When was SACRAMENTO _ U. S. Sen. Dianne Feinstein's 2000 economic statement filed with the Senate Ethics Committee?
Whose Republican opponent charged Thursday that her support of normalizing trade with China could financially benefit her billionaire husband?
What was Golden China valued at between $250,000 and $500,000 in?
Who was Feinstein's campaign manager?
What was it valued at?
What was filed earlier this month with the Senate Ethics Committee?
What did Blum found the charity in 1979 to help Tibetans oppressed by?
What also included another limited partnership called Shanghai Pacific Partners?
Who said, ``Failure to disclose is the senator's responsibility''?
Who go to the pages?
Who founded the charity in 1979 to help Tibetans oppressed by the Chinese government?
Whose 1996 financial disclosure statement was Golden China valued at between $250,000 and $500,000 in?
What did Campbell say?
Who has the issue of SACRAMENTO _ U. S. Sen. Dianne Feinstein's husband's investments dogged since she was elected to the Senate in 1992?
When was the possibility of a conflict of interest raised by SACRAMENTO _ U. S. Sen. Dianne Feinstein's last GOP opponent?
What was valued at less than $1,000?
Who did SACRAMENTO _ U. S. Sen. Dianne Feinstein's Republican opponent charge Thursday that her support of normalizing trade with China could financially benefit?
What were Golden China, L. P.'s assets listed at to $1 million?
Who was elected to the Senate in 1992?
If Dianne Feinstein had done something that's not complete, would not who have heard about it?
What was filed?
What will be after the Senate vote on granting China permanent normal trade status?
Who said?
When did Blum found the charity to help Tibetans oppressed by the Chinese government?
Who promised that any future profits from China would be donated to the American Himalayan Foundation in 1997?
Who did Campbell say could settle the issue by releasing her 2000 economic statement?
When was she elected to the Senate?
When did Blum promise that any future profits from China would be donated to the American Himalayan Foundation?
What did GOP Rep. Tom Campbell say Feinstein left blanks on by Blum?
Who said Feinstein left blanks on her 1999 federal statement of economic interests that could mask substantial investment in China by Blum?
Who said Campbell was wrong when he said Feinstein had left the value of 14 investments blank?
What did Kuwata say turned a profit?
What was valued between $500,000 and $1 million on SACRAMENTO _ U. S. Sen. Dianne Feinstein's 1996 form?
Who was her last GOP opponent?
Who said, ``GOP Rep. Tom Campbell think 1997 'll abide by the rules of the ethics committee''?
Whose responsibility does that's?
What do GOP Rep. Tom Campbell go to?
Whose last GOP opponent was Mike Huffington?
Who was the possibility of a conflict of interest raised in 1996 by?
When was SACRAMENTO _ U. S. Sen. Dianne Feinstein elected to the Senate?
When did SACRAMENTO _ U. S. Sen. Dianne Feinstein's Republican opponent charge that her support of normalizing trade with China could financially benefit her billionaire husband?
If Dianne Feinstein had done something that's not complete, would not what have we heard about?
What was Tom Campbell's requests?
If Dianne Feinstein had done something that's not complete, would not what have 1997 heard about?
Whose far-flung business dealings an issue has Campbell vowed not to make?
Whose 1996 form was Shanghai Pacific Partners valued between $500,000 and $1 million on?
What did Blum found in 1979 to help Tibetans oppressed by the Chinese government?
What is one of Blum's limited partnerships that holds an interest in Newbridge?
What do you see?
What did she insist she maintained in the past?
What will make the document public next month under its normal policy?
Who goes to the pages?
What will the committee make the document public next month under?
What did Feinstein's 1999 statement also include?
When did she insist she maintained a ``fire wall'' between her senatorial duties and Blum's far-flung financial dealings?
What was Shanghai Pacific Partners valued between on SACRAMENTO _ U. S. Sen. Dianne Feinstein's 1996 form?
What were Boxer and Feinstein both running for?
How many remaining years of Pete Wilson's term did Feinstein win her election that year to serve out when he resigned his Senate seat to become governor?
What was Gov. Martha Layne Collins of Kentucky selected as in 1984?
Who was the only Democratic woman senator who had not been appointed to fill a position at the time?
What did the two women previously chair as single chairpersons?
What will Feinstein and Boxer make opening remarks at the convention over votes and official business from?
Who was D-Md?
How many women previously chaired Democratic conventions as single chairpersons?
Who was selected as the chair of the convention held in San Francisco in 1984?
What did Feinstein win Kay Bailey Hutchison's election that year to serve out the remaining two years of when he resigned his Senate seat to become governor?
Who does the Senate now have?
What begins Aug. 14th and preside?
What was Sen. Barbara Mikulski?
Whose term did Feinstein win her election that year to serve out the remaining two years of when he resigned his Senate seat to become governor?
Who did Boxer recall watching?
Whose election did Boxer also win?
Who is D-La?
What will Feinstein and Boxer make over votes and official business from the dais?
What is Sens. Mary Landrieu?
What now has nine women: Feinstein, Boxer, Mikulski and Sens. Mary Landrieu?
When does the convention begin 14th and preside?
What did the Democratic National Committee also announce Thursday that California Gov. Gray Davis will serve as?
When did both speak at the convention?
How many women: Feinstein, Boxer, Mikulski and Sens. Mary Landrieu does the Senate now have?
Who also won her election?
When did the Democratic National Committee also announce that California Gov. Gray Davis will serve as the convention's honorary chair?
What did Feinstein say the convention would shine a spotlight on the fact that California _ the largest state in the country with 34 million people?
Who announced Thursday they will wield gavels during the 2000 Democratic National Convention in Los Angeles next month as the first two women co-chairs of a national political convention?
What did both speak at that year?
What spoke at the convention that year?
What &QL;?
When was Mikulski the only Democratic woman senator who had not been appointed to fill a position?
Who were both running for Senate seats in 1992?
What did Feinstein say on _ has elected two women senators?
Who recalled, ``It was an amazing experience''?
What will Feinstein and Boxer make opening remarks at the convention over from the dais?
Who won her election that year to serve out the remaining two years of Pete Wilson's term when he resigned his Senate seat to become governor?
What did Feinstein say the convention would shine a spotlight on with 34 million people _ has elected two women senators?
What did Boxer also win?
Who did Feinstein say the convention would shine a spotlight on the fact that California _ the largest state in the country with 34 million people _ has elected?
What also announced Thursday that California Gov. Gray Davis will serve as the convention's honorary chair?
Who said in an interview, ``This shows the openness of the party to women''?
What did WASHINGTON _ Sens. Dianne Feinstein and Barbara Boxer announce Thursday during?
Who did Democrats choose?
Who also won Kay Bailey Hutchison's election?
What did WASHINGTON _ Sens. Dianne Feinstein and Barbara Boxer announce Thursday they will wield gavels during the 2000 Democratic National Convention in Los Angeles next month as?
Who chose Texas Gov. Ann Richards to chair their New York convention?
What did the Democratic National Committee also announce Thursday as?
Who recalled watching Sen. Barbara Mikulski?
Who was Mikulski at the time?
Who recalled, ``both was an amazing experience''?
Who previously chaired Democratic conventions as single chairpersons?
When was Gov. Martha Layne Collins of Kentucky selected as the chair of the convention held in San Francisco?
Whose term did Feinstein win Kay Bailey Hutchison's election that year to serve out the remaining two years of when he resigned his Senate seat to become governor?
What did Feinstein say in, ``This shows the openness of the party to women''?
When did Feinstein win Kay Bailey Hutchison's election that year to serve out when he resigned his Senate seat to become governor?
When did Feinstein win her election that year to serve out when he resigned his Senate seat to become governor?
Who did the two women previously chair Democratic conventions as?
What did Feinstein say the convention would shine a spotlight on the fact that California _ the largest state in the country with _ has elected two women senators?
What did Feinstein win her election that year to serve out the remaining two years of when he resigned his Senate seat to become governor?
Who will make opening remarks at the convention over votes and official business from the dais?
What did Ali say too much credit's a good election cycle to be?
What did the School of Politics and Economics at Claremont Graduate University show?
Who was first elected to the Senate in 1992 to fulfill the last two years of a six-year term?
What did Campbell senior strategist Sean Walsh acknowledge: ``people have to raise ID and profile?''
When does it always start?
Where did each receive 44 percent of the vote?
What did democratic Sen. Dianne Feinstein narrowly lose a bid for the U. S. Senate primary in 1992 to ultra-conservative Bruce Herschenson had he faced her?
What was ultra-conservative Bruce Herschenson defeated in the general election by liberal Democrat Barbara Boxer _ in?
Where does the poll also show the senator from San Francisco ahead except for the Central Valley?
Who was the poll conducted by in Rockville?
Who was Md.?
Who did Ali say is ``the kind of Republican who could win a statewide election''?
How many weeks was the last poll on the Feinstein-Campbell race before California's March primary?
What did each receive at the Central Valley?
What did democratic Sen. Dianne Feinstein return to in a special election in 1995 after a brief term in the state Legislature?
What also shows the senator from San Francisco ahead in every region of the state except for the Central Valley?
What did Ali say's a good election cycle to be an incumbent?
Who said they planned to unleash ads this summer that will help the moderate congressman turn the numbers around?
When did she stand for re-election?
What did democratic Sen. Dianne Feinstein return to Congress in after a brief term in the state Legislature?
Who said Feinstein probably earned points among Democrats and Republicans alike by coming out early in her criticisms of President Clinton's affair with White House intern Monica Lewinsky?
What did Campbell senior strategist Sean Walsh acknowledge: ``have to raise his name ID and profile?''
What did each receive 44 percent of at the Central Valley?
Who 're not going to rock the boat by throwing out the status quo?
Who acknowledged: ``We have to raise his name ID and profile?''
What did Ali say I do not see?
Who narrowly beat back a challenge from Republican Michael Huffington?
Who was defeated in the general election by liberal Democrat Barbara Boxer _ in turn?
What do people 're not going to rock by throwing out the status quo?
What is Campbell's second stint in Congress?
What is Campbell?
Who was Feinstein far ahead of among ethnic groups and Caucasians alike?
Who do voters appreciate that even if the people who work with her do not, said?
Who did the poll also show that 26 percent of Republicans said they preferred?
Who did he serve as?
What received 44 percent of the vote at the Central Valley?
What did the poll show Feinstein with a formidable 57 percent to 34 percent lead among?
What did he return to Congress in after a brief term in the state Legislature?
Who did the poll also show that 26 percent of Republicans said preferred Feinstein?
What showed her independence and values and toughness?
Who 've got a job?
What did each receive 44 percent of the vote at?
What did democratic Sen. Dianne Feinstein narrowly lose a bid for the U. S. Senate primary in 1992 to ultra-conservative Bruce Herschenson?
What also showed that 26 percent of Republicans said they preferred Feinstein?
Who were the questions posed to?
What did he narrowly lose a bid for the U. S. Senate primary in 1992 to ultra-conservative Bruce Herschenson a race many observers believed Campbell would have won had?
What did Feinstein score?
Who does the poll also show ahead in every region of the state except for the Central Valley?
When did democratic Sen. Dianne Feinstein stand for re-election?
What is money in the bank?
What do voters appreciate?
Whose firm conducted the poll July 17 through 19?
Who said SAN FRANCISCO _ Republican Rep. Tom Campbell of California do not see a scenario where Campbell could pull off an upset?
What was the last poll on the Feinstein-Campbell race two weeks before?
When is this?
What did Ali say SAN FRANCISCO _ Republican Rep. Tom Campbell of California do not see?
What always starts with the economic times?
What were posed to 827 registered voters who vote regularly in state elections?
What has SAN FRANCISCO _ Republican Rep. Tom Campbell of California gained no headway in?
Who served as a U. S. representative between 1988 and 1992?
What did Walsh say was gearing up for an aggressive race, and planned to start defining the soft-spoken congressman long before Labor Day?
What do you 've got?
Who was far ahead of Campbell among ethnic groups and Caucasians alike?
Who was ultra-conservative Bruce Herschenson defeated in the general election by in turn?
What do Incumbents get when things go well and too much blame when things go bad?
What did democratic Sen. Dianne Feinstein narrowly lose in 1992 to ultra-conservative Bruce Herschenson a race many observers believed Campbell would have won had he faced her?
What was Feinstein first elected to in 1992 to fulfill the last two years of a six-year term?
What did Campbell campaign officials say?
What did he narrowly lose in 1992 to ultra-conservative Bruce Herschenson a race many observers believed Campbell would have won had he faced her?
What did the poll also show that 26 percent of Republicans said?
Who returned to Congress in a special election in 1995 after a brief term in the state Legislature?
What did democratic Sen. Dianne Feinstein return to Congress in a special election in 1995 after?
Who did Walsh say has been called ``the smartest man in Congress'' by Roll Call magazine?
What was ultra-conservative Bruce Herschenson defeated in by liberal Democrat Barbara Boxer _ in turn?
Who appreciate that even if the people who work with her do not, said Jeffe?
What did Ali's firm conduct the poll July 17 through?
What did Walsh say by?
Who did Campbell campaign officials say they planned to unleash ads this summer that will help turn the numbers around?
Who did Ali say do not see a scenario where Campbell could pull off an upset?
Who were divided equally?
Who did he narrowly lose a bid for the U. S. Senate primary in 1992 to a race many observers believed Campbell would have won had he faced her?
What did he acknowledge: ``We have to raise ID and profile?''
What was conducted by Del Ali of Research 2000 in Rockville?
Who said the Silicon Valley congressman is ``the kind of Republican who could win a statewide election''?
Who narrowly lost a bid for the U. S. Senate primary in 1992 to ultra-conservative Bruce Herschenson a race many observers believed Campbell would have won had he faced her?
When did Ali say it's to be an incumbent?
When was Feinstein first elected to the Senate to fulfill the last two years of a six-year term?
Who said I do not see a scenario where Campbell could pull off an upset?
What was Rockville?
Who said, ``We have not yet begun to fight''?
What was compared to a 23 percent rating for Campbell?
Who has gained no headway in his bid to unseat Democratic Sen. Dianne Feinstein?
What did she narrowly beat back?
What did the poll show Feinstein with among those who had picked Campbell campaign officials's choice for U. S. Senate if the election were held today?
What showed Political analyst Sherry Bebitch Jeffe of the School of Politics and Economics at Claremont Graduate University's independence and values and toughness?
Who said Campbell has been called ``the smartest man in Congress'' by Roll Call magazine?
What does it have a margin of?
What did it show?
What did he narrowly lose a bid for the U. S. Senate primary in 1992 to ultra-conservative Bruce Herschenson?
What did democratic Sen. Dianne Feinstein narrowly beat back?
Who acknowledged: ``people have to raise his name ID and profile?''
What did the poll also show that 26 percent of Republicans said preferred Feinstein?
Who did he acknowledge: ``have to raise his name ID and profile?''
What did he return to Congress in a special election in 1995 after?
When did he narrowly lose a bid for the U. S. Senate primary to ultra-conservative Bruce Herschenson a race many observers believed Campbell would have won had he faced her?
Who did the poll also show?
Who did Ali say the Silicon Valley congressman is ``the kind of who could win a statewide election''?
Who said it's a good election cycle to be an incumbent?
Who said, ``Campbell campaign officials have not yet begun to fight''?
Who said the Campbell campaign was gearing up for an aggressive race, and planned to start defining the soft-spoken congressman long before Labor Day?
Who is a pro-abortion rights Republican who sells himself as fiscally conservative but socially more liberal?
What 're not going to rock the boat by throwing out the status quo?
What feel secure?
What was the 57 percent favorable rating compared to?
What conducted the poll July 17 through 19?
What did he return to in a special election in 1995 after a brief term in the state Legislature?
What does it have?
What was the poll conducted by Del Ali of Research 2000 in?
What did Walsh say Campbell has been called ``the smartest man in Congress'' by?
When was the unofficial kickoff day for the November election?
Who scored a 57 percent favorable rating?
What did the poll show Feinstein with among those who had picked their choice for U. S. Senate if the election were held today?
What did Campbell campaign officials say they planned to unleash ads this summer?
What has a margin of error of plus or minus 3. 5 percentage points?
What did Campbell campaign officials say planned to unleash ads this summer that will help the moderate congressman turn the numbers around?
Who did Walsh say Campbell has been called by Roll Call magazine?
When was Labor Day?
What was two weeks before California's March primary?
Who said too much credit's a good election cycle to be an incumbent?
Who did Campbell campaign officials say planned to unleash ads this summer that will help the moderate congressman turn the numbers around?
What did Ali say it's a good election cycle to be?
Who did Political analyst Sherry Bebitch Jeffe of the School of Politics and Economics at Claremont Graduate University say among?
Who 'ves got a job?
What is the job?
What do they 're not going to rock by throwing out the status quo?
Whose second stint in Congress is this?
What did Campbell campaign officials say they planned to unleash ads this summer that will help the moderate congressman turn around?
Who did democratic Sen. Dianne Feinstein serve as?
What showed Feinstein with a formidable 57 percent to 34 percent lead among those who had picked their choice for U. S. Senate if the election were held today?
What did he narrowly lose a bid for the U. S. Senate primary in 1992 to ultra-conservative Bruce Herschenson had he faced her?
What did she stand for in 1994?
What did democratic Sen. Dianne Feinstein stand for in 1994?
What did he narrowly lose a bid for the U. S. Senate primary in 1992 to ultra-conservative Bruce Herschenson a race many observers believed had he faced her?
What does the poll also show the senator from San Francisco ahead in except for the Central Valley?
When does too much credit always start?
What was Feinstein far ahead of Campbell among?
Who get too much credit when things go well and too much blame when things go bad?
Who stood for re-election in 1994?
When was the last poll on the Feinstein-Campbell race before California's March primary?
What do SAN FRANCISCO _ Republican Rep. Tom Campbell of California 've got?
When did Ali say too much credit's to be an incumbent?
What has SAN FRANCISCO _ Republican Rep. Tom Campbell of California gained in his bid to unseat Democratic Sen. Dianne Feinstein?
What did Ali say the Silicon Valley congressman is ?
What did Walsh say for?
Who did Vice President Al Gore begin to narrow the number of?
Who added, ``You do not get on the list in a vacuum''?
When is Barbara Mikulski of Maryland?
What did President Elizabeth Dole serve in?
What did Gore generate about a running mate?
Who said, ``I do not think that has anything to do with it''?
Who is Jeanne Shaheen of New Hampshire?
Who are 37 of the 39 House members up for re-election _ two are leaving the House like?
What is she from a state without?
Who was Joel Goldstein?
What was she not born in?
Who was not specific?
Who coasted to victory in the Democratic primaries this spring?
When was Joel Goldstein author?
Who is up for re-election this year?
Who are Reps. Marcy Kaptur of Ohio and Louise Slaughter of New York?
Who is the Gore and Texas Gov. George W. Bush?
What added when it comes to a ``gender balanced'' presidential ticket, ``The political parties like to talk about viability _ or lack of it''?
Who is Kathleen Kennedy Townsend of Maryland daughter of?
Who did Vice President Al Gore begin to narrow?
Who do hardly any of the news accounts of Gore's selection process speculated on the possibility of the vice president selecting?
What was Mary Hawkesworth director of at Rutgers University in New Jersey?
Where was she not born?
What did she vote against?
Who did Gore suggest that his long list included?
What does most of the speculation's more about numbers than?
What does it come to?
When is Gephardt?
What are the ranks of Democratic female politicians so thin that noted into?
Who are the Democratic women who have served the most consecutive years in the House: Kaptur, 18, and Slaughter?
Who did Former Red Cross President Elizabeth Dole was widely tout as?
Who has neither been mentioned as?
Who was among the first Democrats to condemn President Clinton in the Monica Lewinsky scandal?
What does it's more about numbers than?
Who said, ``Gore's choice has to be perceived by most voters as presidential''?
Who served in the last two Republican Cabinets?
What has been mentioned as a possible running mate?
What is Feinstein up for?
Who added, ``Vice President Al Gore do not get on the list in a vacuum''?
Who was Marla Romash?
What has Vice President Al Gore given?
Who added, ``Vice President Al Gore get on the list by having years of experience in public service''?
Who was Jack Pitney?
What were the Democratic presidential primaries nearing?
Who did Vice President Al Gore say of his selection process, ``I think to''?
What is Sen. Dianne Feinstein of California from a state that Gore could win this fall without?
What did Marla Romash say, ``I do not think''?
Who is no average lieutenant governor: Kathleen Kennedy Townsend of Maryland?
Who is 27 years?
How many years do the six men most mentioned as possible Gore running mates average each in politics at the top, 34 years, and Gephardt?
Who did he say of his selection process, ``I think to''?
What is she from a state that Gore could win this fall without?
What cartoonists?
What is 14?
Who added, ``you get on the list by having years of experience in public service''?
Who said, ``Gore's biggest problem is the size of the pool''?
Who was Sen. Dianne Feinstein of California among to condemn President Clinton in the Monica Lewinsky scandal?
Who is the soon-to-be Republican presidential nominee?
When did Gore coast to victory in the Democratic primaries?
Who is Kathleen Kennedy Townsend of Maryland?
What did he say of, ``I think it's only fair to the men and women involved to keep it private and dignified''?
Who was a longtime political associate of Gore?
Who was Marla Romash a longtime political associate of?
What comes to a ``gender balanced'' presidential ticket?
What did Sen. Dianne Feinstein of California vote against?
When is she from a state that Gore could win without her help?
Who were politics topped by?
When is Sen. Dianne Feinstein of California from a state that Gore could win without her help?
Who was not born in the United States?
What do the six men most mentioned as possible Gore running mates average 22. 3 years in at the top, 34 years, and Gephardt?
How many years is Feinstein?
Who was Mary Hawkesworth?
Who are up for re-election _ two are leaving the House like Feinstein in the Senate?
What are 37 of the 39 House members up for re-election _ two are leaving like Feinstein in the Senate?
How many men most mentioned as possible Gore running mates average 22. 3 years each in politics at the top, 34 years, and Gephardt?
Who generated a guessing game about a running mate?
What did Gore suggest?
Who is it the same for worldwide?
What are 37 of the 39 House members up for re-election _ are leaving the House like Feinstein in the Senate?
What are the ranks of Democratic female politicians so thin that noted has reached into the ranks of lieutenant governors for a possible running mate for Gore?
Who has given few hints that he is ready to do just that by selecting a woman for the No. 2 spot on the Democratic ticket this year?
Who did Gore generate a guessing game about?
Who is daughter of Robert F. Kennedy?
What was Alexis Herman not born in?
Who said, ``It just shows once again that women have an uphill battle in politics as in any other field dominated by white males''?
What do the six men most mentioned as possible Gore running mates average 22. 3 years each in politics at?
Who is from a state that Gore could win this fall without her help?
Who suggested that his long list included women?
What were topped by Barbara Mikulski of Maryland; Feinstein; and Barbara Boxer of California?
What was NAFTA?
Who was she among to condemn President Clinton in the Monica Lewinsky scandal?
How many years each in politics 24 years do the six Democratic senators average?
When is Feinstein?
What is she from that Gore could win this fall without her help?
Who was author of ``The Modern American Vice Presidency''?
What does most of the speculation's more about than anything else?
Who did he begin to narrow the number of?
Who is 29 years?
Who average 22. 3 years each in politics at the top, 34 years, and Gephardt?
What process speculated on the possibility of the vice president selecting a woman?
Who do we 're still working to increase the number of?
What is Shaheen also seeking?
What touted as a possible Bush running mate?
What did Gore coast to this spring?
What have Clinton Cabinet members Donna Shalala, Alexis Herman or Janet Reno?
Who said of his selection process, ``I think this week's only fair to the men and women involved to keep it private and dignified''?
Who voted against NAFTA?
Who is the little-known New York congresswoman?
How many years is Gephardt?
Who is Lake's candidate?
What is one governor Jeanne Shaheen of?
What is Sen. Dianne Feinstein of California from that Gore could win this fall without her help?
Whose candidate is no average lieutenant governor: Kathleen Kennedy Townsend of Maryland?
Where do the six men most mentioned as possible Gore running mates average 22. 3 years each in politics?
Who is Geraldine Ferraro?
What has generally rankled people who had hoped to see more of a female presence?
What was NAFTA one of?
Who was mentioned frequently?
How many Democratic senators average 19. 8 years each in politics 24 years?
What were nearing an anticlimactic end?
Who account for just six senators, 39 House members and one governor?
What is Sen. Dianne Feinstein of California from a state without?
What has the vice presidential selection process of both Gore and Texas Gov. George W. Bush generally rankled?
Who chose oil industry executive Dick Cheney, a former congressman and secretary of defense?
What did the Clinton-Gore administration boast of WASHINGTON _ In June?
What do hardly any of the news accounts of Gore's selection process speculated on selecting a woman?
When do the six Democratic senators average?
Who do we 're still working to increase?
What did Marla Romash say, ``Vice President Al Gore do not think''?
Who also is seeking another term?
What boasted of its successes in advancing the political standing of women since the U. N. conference on women's rights in Beijing five years ago WASHINGTON _ In June?
What is the same for women worldwide?
Who was director of the Center for American Women and Politics at Rutgers University in New Jersey?
What's more about numbers than anything else?
Who has a generally _ but not uniformly _ liberal voting record?
Who began to narrow the number of vice presidential candidates?
When do the six men most mentioned as possible Gore running mates average each in politics at the top, 34 years, and Gephardt?
Who do democratic women account for?
Who did he begin to narrow?
What does it's more about than anything else?
Who are politics with?
Who was a political science professor at Clarement-McKenna College in California?
Who 're still working to increase the number of women available to be on the list?
What are the ranks of Democratic female politicians so thin into?
Who is one governor?
What is Slaughter?
What was one of the administration's major accomplishments?
What are 37 of the 39 House members up for two are leaving the House like Feinstein in the Senate?
How many years is Barbara Mikulski of Maryland?
Who is 26 years?
What are 37 of the 39 House members up for re-election _ like Feinstein in the Senate?
Who said, ``Vice President Al Gore do not think that has anything to do with most of the speculation''?
Who average 19. 8 years each in politics 24 years?
What does Feinstein have?
What are with Graham?
What are the ranks of Democratic female politicians so thin that noted Democratic pollster Celinda Lake has reached into?
Where was Alexis Herman not born?
Who did most of the speculation center on?
What are so thin that noted Democratic pollster Celinda Lake has reached into the ranks of lieutenant governors for a possible running mate for Gore?
Who said of his selection process, ``I think it's only fair to the men and women involved to keep it private and dignified''?
When did Landrieu grow up in New Orleans?
Who put 1998's pictures on her campaign posters?
Who does she form the last of the all-Democratic Senate delegations in the South Sen. Mary Landrieu of Louisiana Mary Landrieu was with?
What was Moon Landrieu the mayor of?
Whose brother is Tony Rodham?
Who did Californians make history by pulling the lever for both Dianne Feinstein and Barbara Boxer among In 1992?
Who is Barbara Mikulski also?
What has Feinstein quietly pushed for close to home in her eight years in Washington?
When has Feinstein quietly pushed for anti-crime legislation and issues close to home?
What does she form Sen. Mary Landrieu of Louisiana Mary Landrieu was elected in 1996?
What has Feinstein quietly pushed for anti-crime legislation and issues close to in Sens. Dianne Feinstein and Barbara Boxer of California's eight years in Washington?
Who does she form the last of the all-Democratic Senate delegations in the South was with Sen. John Breaux of Louisiana?
What did Sen. Blanche Lambert Lincoln of Arkansas Growing up on a rice farm in Helena, Ark. , Blanche Lambert Lincoln run for in 1998?
What is Barbara Mikulski also the co-author of?
Who forms the last of the all-Democratic Senate delegations in the South Sen. Mary Landrieu of Louisiana Mary Landrieu was elected in 1996?
What does Sen. Mary Landrieu of Louisiana Mary Landrieu form the last of Sen. Mary Landrieu of Louisiana Mary Landrieu was with Sen. John Breaux of Louisiana?
What was one of her biggest victories attaching an assault weapons ban to?
What does Sen. Mary Landrieu of Louisiana Mary Landrieu form Sen. Mary Landrieu of Louisiana Mary Landrieu was with Sen. John Breaux of Louisiana?
Who is she challenging by highlighting her own legislative record that goes back to 1975?
Who does Sen. Mary Landrieu of Louisiana Mary Landrieu form the last of the all-Democratic Senate delegations in the South Sen. Mary Landrieu of Louisiana Mary Landrieu was with?
Where has Feinstein quietly pushed for anti-crime legislation and issues close in Sens. Dianne Feinstein and Barbara Boxer of California's eight years in Washington?
What has Feinstein quietly pushed for anti-crime legislation and issues close to in her eight years in Washington?
What is Boxer linked to by the marriage of Hillary Rodham Clinton's brother to her daughter?
Where has Feinstein quietly pushed for anti-crime legislation and issues close in her eight years in Washington?
When did Barbara Mikulski plunge into politics?
Who is Nicole?
What was one of Sens. Dianne Feinstein and Barbara Boxer of California's biggest victories attaching an assault weapons ban to?
When does she form the last of the all-Democratic Senate delegations in the South Sen. Mary Landrieu of Louisiana Mary Landrieu was elected?
Who is Boxer?
What was one of Sens. Dianne Feinstein and Barbara Boxer of California's biggest victories attaching to the crime bill passed by President Clinton in 1994?
What did Sen. Blanche Lambert Lincoln of Arkansas Growing up on a rice farm in Helena, Ark. , Blanche Lambert Lincoln put on her campaign posters?
Who put their pictures on her campaign posters?
Who is she also?
What was the oldest of nine children of Moon Landrieu?
Who was New Orleans the oldest of?
Who was Moon Landrieu?
Who became?
Who was elected to the Senate in 1996?
What has Feinstein quietly pushed for close to home in Sens. Dianne Feinstein and Barbara Boxer of California's eight years in Washington?
Who went on to serve as City Councilwoman in her hometown of Baltimore?
What did Mikulski go on to serve as in her hometown of Baltimore?
Who ran for the Senate in 1998?
Who is involved in what is shaping up to be one of the nation's most bitterly contested Senate races?
When was she elected to the Senate?
Who is a strong abortion rights advocate who has vigorously fought the ban on partial birth abortion?
What does she form Sen. Mary Landrieu of Louisiana Mary Landrieu was with Sen. John Breaux of Louisiana?
Who was about to give birth to twin boys?
Where did Mikulski go on to serve as City Councilwoman?
Who forms the last of the all-Democratic Senate delegations in the South Sen. Mary Landrieu of Louisiana Mary Landrieu was with Sen. John Breaux of Louisiana?
Who is Feinstein?
Who was elected to the Senate two years ago?
Who is linked to the Clinton White House by the marriage of Hillary Rodham Clinton's brother to her daughter?
What did Mikulski go on to serve as City Councilwoman in?
Who is Tony Rodham?
When did Sen. Blanche Lambert Lincoln of Arkansas Growing up on a rice farm in Helena, Ark. , Blanche Lambert Lincoln run for the Senate?
What did Sen. Blanche Lambert Lincoln of Arkansas Growing up on a rice farm in Helena, Ark. , Blanche Lambert Lincoln put 1998's pictures on?
Where did Landrieu grow up in the 1970s?
What was she elected to in 1996?
Who grew up in New Orleans in the 1970s?
What does Sen. Mary Landrieu of Louisiana Mary Landrieu form Sen. Mary Landrieu of Louisiana Mary Landrieu was elected in 1996?
What did she put their pictures on?
Who was the mayor of the city?
What did she take a two-year leave from because she was about to give birth to twin boys?
When does Sen. Mary Landrieu of Louisiana Mary Landrieu form the last of the all-Democratic Senate delegations in the South Sen. Mary Landrieu of Louisiana Mary Landrieu was elected?
What was New Orleans?
Who was 39?
Who is also the co-author of two mystery novels with a political twist?
What is Boxer linked to the Clinton White House by to her daughter?
Who is challenging Sen. Spencer Abraham by highlighting her own legislative record that goes back to 1975?
What does she form the last of Sen. Mary Landrieu of Louisiana Mary Landrieu was elected in 1996?
What is she also the co-author of?
What did Barbara Mikulski plunge into in the late 1960s?
Who does she form the last of the all-Democratic Senate delegations in the South was elected in 1996?
What did she run for in 1998?
Who does Sen. Mary Landrieu of Louisiana Mary Landrieu form the last of the all-Democratic Senate delegations in the South was with Sen. John Breaux of Louisiana?
What was Sen. Blanche Lambert Lincoln of Arkansas Growing up on a rice farm in Helena Blanche Lambert Lincoln elected to two years ago?
Who does Sen. Mary Landrieu of Louisiana Mary Landrieu form the last of the all-Democratic Senate delegations in the South was elected in 1996?
What was attaching an assault weapons ban to the crime bill passed by President Clinton in 1994?
When was Sen. Mary Landrieu of Louisiana Mary Landrieu elected to the Senate?
What did Landrieu grow up in in the 1970s?
What was one of her biggest victories attaching to the crime bill passed by President Clinton in 1994?
Who is a native Californian and the former mayor of San Francisco?
What was Sen. Mary Landrieu of Louisiana Mary Landrieu elected to in 1996?
What does she form the last of Sen. Mary Landrieu of Louisiana Mary Landrieu was with Sen. John Breaux of Louisiana?
What does Sen. Mary Landrieu of Louisiana Mary Landrieu form the last of Sen. Mary Landrieu of Louisiana Mary Landrieu was elected in 1996?
What did she put on her campaign posters?
Who took a two-year leave from public life because she was about to give birth to twin boys?
Who is Boxer linked to the Clinton White House by the marriage of Hillary Rodham Clinton's brother to?
Who is her daughter?
When did she run for the Senate?
Who is Hillary Rodham Clinton's brother?
When did she take from public life because she was about to give birth to twin boys?
Who is Rep. Debbie Stabenow of Michigan challenging by highlighting her own legislative record that goes back to 1975?
Who plunged into politics in the late 1960s?
Who has quietly pushed for anti-crime legislation and issues close to home in Sens. Dianne Feinstein and Barbara Boxer of California's eight years in Washington?
Who is Sens. Dianne Feinstein and Barbara Boxer of California's daughter?
What was Sen. Blanche Lambert Lincoln of Arkansas Growing up on a rice farm in Helena Blanche Lambert Lincoln?
Who has quietly pushed for anti-crime legislation and issues close to home in her eight years in Washington?
What did Sen. Mary Landrieu give?
Where did Sen. Mary Landrieu arrive that she lost her voice?
Who said, ``Women today are the major political force in this country'', ``Women today are the major political force in this country''?
What did guests guzzle coffee in?
What are such as Spago?
What has hosted numerous events this week at exclusive locales?
What did Sen. Patty Murray say of the 1,852 people who have served in the United States Senate, have been women?
Who was Landrieu's voice still?
What was still a little raspy?
When did Sen. Patty Murray say of the women, 12 served to fill in for their husbands who had just died?
What did she arrive in Los Angeles?
What did Sen. Mary Landrieu arrive in Los Angeles?
Who did Sen. Mary Landrieu quickly find a doctor to fix up?
Who quickly found a doctor to fix her up?
Who was D-Wash?
What has the committee hosted numerous events this week at?
Who guzzled coffee in preparation for the final day of convention activities?
Who do BEVERLY HILLS _ headlined a breakfast at the Beverly Hills Hotel on Wednesday to celebrate women in Congress?
Who was Ed Tobin?
What did Feinstein to the 150 guests erupt into?
What were showing Thursday morning?
What do BEVERLY HILLS _ Democratic women senators headlined on Wednesday to celebrate women in Congress?
Who are exclusive locales as?
Who did Sen. Patty Murray say of the women, 12 served for a day or two to fill in for?
What do BEVERLY HILLS _ Democratic women senators headlined a breakfast at the Beverly Hills Hotel on Wednesday to celebrate women in?
Who gave a quick speech?
Who do BEVERLY HILLS _ Democratic women senators headlined a breakfast at the Beverly Hills Hotel on Wednesday to celebrate in Congress?
What _ Democratic women senators headlined a breakfast at the Beverly Hills Hotel on Wednesday to celebrate women in Congress?
What did guests guzzle in preparation for the final day of convention activities?
What is BEVERLY HILLS?
What was Sen. Patty Murray?
When were the effects of the seemingly endless week of socializing showing?
Where has the committee hosted numerous events this week?
Who erupted into applause?
What did Murray host?
What is Calif.?
Who did Sen. Patty Murray say of the 1,852 people who have served in the United States Senate, 27 have been?
What do you follow?
When were the effects of the seemingly endless week of promoting showing?
Who did she say of the women, 12 served for a day or two to fill in for?
Who said of the 1,852 people who have served in the United States Senate, 27 have been women?
What did she arrive in Los Angeles that she lost?
Who did she say of, 12 served for a day or two to fill in for their husbands who had just died?
What was Thursday?
What did she arrive in that she lost her voice?
Who did Sen. Mary Landrieu quickly find to fix her up?
What did Sen. Patty Murray say of the women, served for a day or two to fill in for their husbands who had just died?
Who did Sen. Patty Murray say of, 12 served for a day or two to fill in for their husbands who had just died?
Who follows these instructions?
What did the speakers urge to work hard to elect more?
Who did she quickly find a doctor to fix up?
Who was off to the next event?
Who arrived in Los Angeles that she lost her voice?
Who urged everyone to work hard to elect more?
When did she say of the women, 12 served to fill in for their husbands who had just died?
Who was an executive at Microsoft who introduced Murray?
What quieted?
When do BEVERLY HILLS _ Democratic women senators headlined a breakfast at the Beverly Hills Hotel to celebrate women in Congress?
What did she give?
When was one of only three events open to the press?
What was she off to?
What did Sen. Patty Murray say of, 27 have been women?
Who said, ``We are really proud that our husbands did not have to die in order for us to serve''?
What did she say of the women, served for a day or two to fill in for their husbands who had just died?
Where did she arrive that she lost her voice?
What did Sen. Mary Landrieu arrive in Los Angeles that she lost?
Who hosted the breakfast sponsored by the Democratic Senatorial Campaign Committee?
Whose voice was still a little raspy?
What was Thursday one of?
Who said of the women, 12 served for a day or two to fill in for their husbands who had just died?
Who did she quickly find to fix her up?
What was Sen. Mary Landrieu off to?
What did Sen. Mary Landrieu arrive in that she lost her voice?
