Who have discovered another genetic flaw that seems to raise the risk of obesity?
What does none of several genetic defects appear to be a frequent cause of?
What produces the protein for peroxisome-proliferator-activated receptor gamma 2?
What have BOSTON _ Scientists discovered?
What was Cologne?
What does the defective gene produce?
Who worked with scientists in Cologne?
How many German volunteers were overweight?
Who did the researchers work with?
What have several genetic defects already been found that increase?
Who was the latest discovered by from the Joslin Diabetes Center in Boston?
What did the researchers conclude in?
Who looked for the defective gene in 358 German volunteers?
What have already been found that increase the tendency to put on weight?
What acts alone?
What does none of them appear to be?
What had four of the obese people?
What did none of the normal-size people have?
What was Germany?
What was the latest reported in?
What is the defective gene involved in?
Who concluded that the bad gene increases growth in fat cells and contributes to obesity in some people?
What had it?
What appears to be a frequent cause of obesity?
What is involved in one of the steps in the production of fat cells?
What did none of the normal-size people have four of?
What have several genetic defects already been found?
What did the researchers look for in 358 German volunteers?
What was it reported in?
What did four of the obese people carry?
What was reported in Thursday's issue of the New England Journal of Medicine?
What was discovered by Dr. Michael Ristow and others from the Joslin Diabetes Center in Boston?
What does none of several genetic defects appear to be?
What does none of them appear to be a frequent cause of?
What was the latest discovered by Dr. Michael Ristow and others from?
What is it involved in?
Who were overweight?
What carried the mutated gene?
Who did the researchers look for the defective gene in?
What did scientists discover that this low-grade inflammation can simmer for years and significantly increase a person's risk of a heart attack or stroke in?
What does some research suggest that antibiotics may help fight?
Who knew that fat cells doctors can produce a substance called interleukin-6 that causes inflammation when it seeps into the bloodstream?
What did she use?
What has one theory been?
If the findings are verified, what suggest scientists should study whether the aspirin some heart patients take might also help overweight people reduce their chances of heart attacks?
What did Visser discover than?
What are colds?
Who is preparing to see whether losing weight causes CRP levels to drop immediately?
What is using a blood test that detects C-reactive protein, or CRP?
Who prescribe aspirin to certain people at high risk of heart attacks because it thins their blood on the other hand?
Who did she use a U. S. database of?
What did Visser say Tuesday ``We were surprised''''?
What are lower levels?
What has been that it might be bacteria?
What skyrocket when people are sick?
What might obesity-caused inflammation have ramifications for?
If the findings are verified, what do they suggest?
What does no one know?
Who were twice as likely to have the only way to measure this ``micro-inflammation''?
What does she caution?
What did Visser say Tuesday ?
Who did Visser say Tuesday ``were surprised'' the risk was so high''?
What might have ramifications for other diseases?
When did Visser say ``doctors were surprised'' the risk was so high''?
What might obesity-caused inflammation have for other diseases?
What did dutch scientist Marjolein Visser know that fat cells themselves can produce a substance called?
What might the aspirin some heart patients take also help overweight people reduce their chances of?
What did she find when examining only healthy people under age 40?
What are the ones that signal the simmering inflammation that has scientists concerned?
Who cautioned the study is not proof that obesity inflames people's arteries?
What also reduces inflammation?
Who studied whether obesity could be another culprit?
Who used a U. S. database of 16,000 Americans?
Who statistically controlled for other diseases that might have caused the study participants ' CRP levels to rise?
What could be another culprit?
Who cautions that nobody has tested that yet?
What knew if those extra pounds could cause yet another risk: low-grade inflammation inside a person's arteries?
What might the aspirin some heart patients take also help reduce their chances of heart attacks?
What are between 0. 2 milligrams and 1 mg per deciliter of blood?
Who said?
What does some research suggest?
When did scientists discover in otherwise seemingly healthy people?
What are lower levels between?
Who discovered that obese women are six times more likely to have this low-grade inflammation than normal-weight people?
What is rheumatoid arthritis?
What causes CRP levels to drop immediately?
What might also help overweight people reduce their chances of heart attacks?
Who said Tuesday ``doctors were surprised'' the risk was so high''?
What does aspirin also reduce?
What knows what causes the subtle inflammation?
Who cautioned, ``The best thing to do if you 're obese is lose weight instead of hitting the aspirin bottle''?
Who could obesity be?
What do doctors prescribe to certain people at high risk of heart attacks because aspirin also reduces inflammation on the other hand?
What suggests that antibiotics may help fight heart disease?
What did Visser statistically control for to rise?
What has one theory been that it might be?
What did she study?
What did Dr. Richard J. Havlik of the National Institute on Aging caution the study is not?
What thins overweight people's blood?
Who prescribe aspirin to certain people at high risk of heart attacks because aspirin also reduces inflammation on the other hand?
What did Dr. Richard J. Havlik of the National Institute on Aging caution is not proof that obesity inflames people's arteries?
What does losing weight cause to drop immediately?
What did dutch scientist Marjolein Visser know?
What thins their blood?
Who were twice as likely to have it?
Who discovered that this low-grade inflammation can simmer for years and significantly increase a person's risk of a heart attack or stroke in otherwise seemingly healthy people?
What do doctors prescribe aspirin to because aspirin also reduces inflammation on the other hand?
What did Visser say Tuesday ``We were surprised'' was so high''?
What are like ibuprofen?
What does the aspirin some heart patients take thin?
Who was Visser?
What is heart disease?
What does she caution that nobody has tested yet?
What might the aspirin some heart patients take also help overweight people reduce?
Who 'res obese?
What do doctors prescribe to certain people at high risk of heart attacks because it thins their blood on the other hand?
What raise the question of whether aspirin or any of the dozens of other anti-inflammatory drugs could help obese people ward off heart disease?
What do doctors prescribe aspirin to certain people at high risk of heart attacks because it thins their blood on?
What are inflammatory diseases like rheumatoid arthritis?
When did Visser say ``We were surprised'' the risk was so high''?
Who was a weight specialist at Amsterdam's Vrije University?
Whose risk of a heart attack or stroke did scientists discover for in otherwise seemingly healthy people?
What do doctors prescribe aspirin to because it thins their blood on the other hand?
Who found equal risk when examining only healthy people under age 40?
What is intrigued enough that it is funding more research into the link-- and probing whether obesity-caused inflammation might have ramifications for other diseases?
What is the federal agency intrigued enough into?
What did Visser say Tuesday ``doctors were surprised'' was so high''?
If the findings are verified, who suggest scientists should study whether the aspirin some heart patients take might also help overweight people reduce their chances of heart attacks?
What does it thin?
What is the only way to measure this ``micro-inflammation'' using?
What did dutch scientist Marjolein Visser know that fat cells doctors can produce a substance called?
What do her findings raise?
If the findings are verified, what do they suggest scientists should study?
What do doctors prescribe aspirin to certain people at high risk of heart attacks because aspirin also reduces inflammation on?
What did Visser say Tuesday ``doctors were surprised''''?
Who said Tuesday ``We were surprised'' the risk was so high''?
Who knew that fat cells themselves can produce a substance called interleukin-6 that causes inflammation when it seeps into the bloodstream?
What are other anti-inflammatory drugs like?
What is for the middle-aged or young adults?
Who is it for?
How many obese men and women who ranged in age from 18 to 74 did researchers study in the latest study?
What declines with age?
What did researchers not affiliated with the study also note?
Who did researchers study in the latest study?
Who had the lowest mortality risk?
What did obese men and women-- with a BMI between 32 and 40-- who were age 50 or older have?
Who said, ``Obesity is a major public health problem at any age''?
What is BMI?
Who studied 6,193 obese men and women who ranged in age from 18 to 74 in the latest study?
Who also noted that the study participants were recruited rather than randomly selected?
What are the findings similar to?
What did researchers study 6,193 obese men and women who ranged in age from 18 to 74 in?
What is considered overweight and 30?
What did some researchers not involved with the study argue that BMI is a limited measure of because bone density declines with age?
What is increasingly becoming the standard way of talking about obesity?
What did some researchers not involved with the study argue that BMI is because bone density declines with age?
What were the patients grouped by?
What is an easy way to compare the girth of people of different heights?
What did researchers find that the mortality risk for a really obese person was?
What is CHICAGO-- Obesity not as dangerous for as it is for the middle-aged or young adults?
Who said the findings are not that meaningful?
Who is CHICAGO-- Obesity for?
Who found that the mortality risk for a really obese person was highest for those age 30 or younger?
Who were grouped by their age and body mass index?
Who was Dr. JoAnn Manson?
Who were referred to an obesity clinic between 1961 and 1994?
What were the patients referred to?
What is Body mass index, or BMI, increasingly becoming?
Who argued that BMI is a limited measure of obesity in the elderly because bone density declines with age?
What is not as dangerous for elderly people as it is for the middle-aged or young adults?
What says?
What did they also note?
What also noted that the study participants were recruited rather than randomly selected?
What did researchers not affiliated with the study say are not that meaningful?
What is it?
Who was an endocrinologist at Harvard Medical School?
What did researchers find?
What is body fat in kilograms divided by height in meters squared?
What did some researchers not involved with the study argue with?
What did researchers not affiliated with the study say?
What did Dr. JoAnn Manson say, ``this study does nothing to suggest''?
Who said, ``this study does nothing to suggest that that has changed''?
What above is obese?
What is Obesity?
What does bone density decline with?
What is for the middle-aged or young adults?
Who is it for?
How many obese men and women who ranged in age from 18 to 74 did researchers study in the latest study?
What declines with age?
What did other researchers say?
Who did researchers study in the latest study?
Who had the lowest mortality risk?
What did obese men and women-- with a BMI between 32 and 40-- who were age 50 or older have?
What did researchers report today in the Journal of the American Medical Association is not as dangerous for elderly people as it is for the middle-aged or young adults?
What did researchers report today in CHICAGO-- Obesity is not as dangerous for elderly people as it is for the middle-aged or young adults?
Who said, ``Obesity is a major public health problem at any age''?
What is BMI?
Who studied 6,193 obese men and women who ranged in age from 18 to 74 in the latest study?
Who also noted that the study participants were recruited rather than randomly selected?
What are the findings similar to?
What did researchers study 6,193 obese men and women who ranged in age from 18 to 74 in?
What is considered overweight and 30?
What did some researchers not involved with the study argue that BMI is a limited measure of because bone density declines with age?
What is increasingly becoming the standard way of talking about obesity?
What did some researchers not involved with the study argue that BMI is because bone density declines with age?
What were the patients grouped by?
What is an easy way to compare the girth of people of different heights?
What did researchers find that the mortality risk for a really obese person was?
What did other researchers say are not that meaningful?
Who said the findings are not that meaningful?
Who is CHICAGO-- Obesity for?
Who found that the mortality risk for a really obese person was highest for those age 30 or younger?
Who were grouped by their age and body mass index?
Who was Dr. JoAnn Manson?
Who were referred to an obesity clinic between 1961 and 1994?
What were the patients referred to?
What did researchers also note?
What is Body mass index, or BMI, increasingly becoming?
Who argued that BMI is a limited measure of obesity in the elderly because bone density declines with age?
What says?
What did they also note?
What also noted that the study participants were recruited rather than randomly selected?
What is it?
Who was an endocrinologist at Harvard Medical School?
What did researchers find?
What is body fat in kilograms divided by height in meters squared?
What did some researchers not involved with the study argue with?
What did Dr. JoAnn Manson say, ``this study does nothing to suggest''?
Who said, ``this study does nothing to suggest that that has changed''?
What above is obese?
What is Obesity?
What does bone density decline with?
Who did the study find the most obese black women did not have a significantly higher risk of premature death than?
What found that overweight people run a higher rate of premature death?
What was the blood-thinner?
What were otherwise healthy during their middle years?
What did the researchers calculate?
Who also had higher death rates?
When did thin men and women also have?
What was American Cancer Society epidemiologist Eugenia Calle lead author of?
What is the BMI of 25?
What did the researchers find a gradually increasing risk of beginning with a BMI of 25 among healthy, non-smoking white men and women and black men?
Who said we need to come up with ways as a society to exercise more?
Who did the study find than?
What found the most obese black women did not have a significantly higher risk of premature death than slender black women?
What were their healthiest peers men of?
What was true even among people who did not smoke?
When were this otherwise healthy?
Who said more adults and children need to come up with ways as a society to exercise more?
What found an especially clear association between excess weight and a higher risk of dying from heart disease or cancer?
What was conducted by the American Cancer Society?
Who were men of the same height weighing 153 to 170 pounds?
What did American Cancer Society epidemiologist Eugenia Calle say more adults and children need to come up with ways as to eat less?
When did the researchers study participants in the national Cancer Prevention Study II through 1996?
Whose low weight was a cause or an effect of disease?
What did Stevens and Manson say the study probably understates?
What was the study?
What is more adults and children 're too fat?
How many pounds for a 5-foot-5 woman and 174 pounds for a 5-foot-10 man is the BMI of 25?
Who was June Stevens?
What did Dr. JoAnn Manson say settles once and for all any lingering questions about whether weight alone increases the risk of death and disease?
Who does it's killing?
What did Stevens and Manson say?
Who said the study probably understates the risks of obesity for black women?
Who studied participants in the national Cancer Prevention Study II from 1982 through 1996?
What was marital status?
Who had seen this in several other studies?
Who said more adults and children need to come up with ways as a society to eat less?
What is 150 pounds for a 5-foot-5 woman and 174 pounds for a 5-foot-10 man?
What was June Stevens a University of North Carolina professor of?
What had more bike paths and sidewalks?
What was the study published in?
What had I seen in several other studies?
What did they point out than?
What did the study find that overweight people run a higher rate of?
What were the fattest white men with?
What did the study find the most obese black women did not have a significantly higher risk of than slender black women?
What did the study find?
Who pointed out that slender, non-smoking black women have a higher risk of death to begin with than their white counterparts?
What is we 're too fat?
Who calculated each subject's body mass index, or BMI?
Who said, ``The evidence is now compelling and irrefutable''?
What was the study conducted by?
What did American Cancer Society epidemiologist Eugenia Calle say we need to come up with ways as to exercise more?
What did June Stevens point out that slender, non-smoking black women have to begin with than their white counterparts?
What was a ratio of weight to height?
What does that make appear that weight alone does not play a big role in death rates among black women?
Who did the researchers find a gradually increasing risk of death beginning with a BMI of 25 among?
Who did American Cancer Society epidemiologist Eugenia Calle say need to come up with ways as a society to eat less?
What was the largest ever done on obesity and mortality?
Who were 2. 58 times's healthiest peers?
Who said a study of more than 1 million Americans settles once and for all any lingering questions about whether weight alone increases the risk of death and disease?
What does a study of more than 1 million Americans provide?
What do they have than white women and more undetected disease?
What provides the most convincing evidence yet that simply being overweight can cut your life short?
What do I 'm thinking maybe is true?
Where was the study published?
What was healthy, non-smoking white men and women and black men's low weight?
What was 57?
What was a cause or an effect of disease?
What did they point out that slender, non-smoking black women have a higher risk of to begin with than their white counterparts?
Who were 2. 58 times more likely to die than their healthiest peers?
Who was a University of North Carolina professor of nutrition?
What grow older?
Who said it settles once and for all any lingering questions about whether weight alone increases the risk of death and disease?
Who are overweight than ever before?
Who said that poses a fascinating scientific riddle?
What was not clear whether healthy, non-smoking white men and women and black men's low weight was a cause or an effect of disease?
What do I 'm thinking maybe?
Who does the message's killing?
Who was a Harvard University endocrinologist and preventive-health specialist?
What did American Cancer Society epidemiologist Eugenia Calle say we need to come up with as a society to eat less?
What did they point out that slender, non-smoking black women have to begin with than their white counterparts?
When were the results adjusted?
What did Stevens and Manson say probably understates the risks of obesity for black women?
Who were found to be the only exceptions to the rule?
What did this study find many more deaths among overweight people of all ages unlike?
Who 'mes thinking maybe this is true?
What did June Stevens point out than?
What was not clear whether their low weight was a cause or an effect of disease?
When did the study find that overweight people run?
Who were twice as likely to die as their counterparts who weighed 132 to 148 pounds?
What did this study find many more deaths among unlike a similar study last year that suggested being overweight is less of a problem as people grow older?
What had I seen this in?
What were 2. 58 times's healthiest peers men of?
What's killing us?
What were especially those over 75?
What was BMI?
What is the message?
What does that make it appear?
Who do June Stevens have less access to health care than?
What was the average age at enrollment?
What makes it appear that weight alone does not play a big role in death rates among black women?
What was their low weight?
Who were with a BMI of 40 or more?
What have less access to health care than white women and more undetected disease?
What did June Stevens say poses a fascinating scientific riddle?
Who found a gradually increasing risk of death beginning with a BMI of 25 among healthy, non-smoking white men and women and black men?
Who is the message 're too fat?
What was published in Thursday's New England Journal of Medicine?
What did American Cancer Society epidemiologist Eugenia Calle say more adults and children need to come up with as a society to eat less?
What do June Stevens have than white women and more undetected disease?
What were the ages?
When did the researchers study participants in the national Cancer Prevention Study II from 1982?
Who said we need to come up with ways as a society to eat less?
What was consumption of fats and vegetables?
Who did the study find did not have a significantly higher risk of premature death than slender black women?
What did American Cancer Society epidemiologist Eugenia Calle say we need to come up with as a society to exercise more?
What did the researchers find beginning with a BMI of 25 among healthy, non-smoking white men and women and black men?
What did American Cancer Society epidemiologist Eugenia Calle say we need to come up with ways as to eat less?
What did American Cancer Society epidemiologist Eugenia Calle say more adults and children need to come up with as a society to exercise more?
Who have less access to health care than white women and more undetected disease?
Who did the researchers study from 1982 through 1996?
What did June Stevens say that poses?
Who was American Cancer Society epidemiologist Eugenia Calle?
What was BMI not clear?
Who were their healthiest peers?
What's killing more adults and children?
Who did American Cancer Society epidemiologist Eugenia Calle say need to come up with ways as a society to exercise more?
What did the study find the most obese black women did not have than slender black women?
What does that make it appear that weight alone does not play?
Who was Dr. JoAnn Manson?
Whose low weight was BMI not clear?
What was use of aspirin as a blood-thinner?
What did American Cancer Society epidemiologist Eugenia Calle say more adults and children need to come up with ways as to exercise more?
What was this true even among?
What did June Stevens point out that slender, non-smoking black women have a higher risk of to begin with than their white counterparts?
What were adjusted for age, education, physical activity, alcohol use, marital status and use of estrogen supplements?
What did Stevens and Manson say the study probably understates the risks of?
What did changes have?
What pointed out that slender, non-smoking black women have a higher risk of death to begin with than their white counterparts?
What was the blood-thinner consumption of?
What was BMI a ratio of to height?
Who was lead author of the study?
What was marital status use of as a blood-thinner?
What was it not clear?
Who do they have less access to health care than?
Who need to figure out why?
Who was a dietitian with Georgia's division of public health?
Who say Southerners ' diets are now not much different from those in the rest of the country?
What do others blame the design of?
What did Georgia lead the nation with?
Who is Dr. William Dietz one of?
Who were people with some college education and Hispanics?
What is leading the way?
What do others blame?
What did the population of obese men and women in the United States increase from to 17. 9 percent last year?
What is the more likely reason for the increase in portliness below the Mason-Dixon line?
Who showed the most drastic increases?
Whose diets do experts say from?
What does Dietz point out?
What does some say for?
Who is one of the study's co-authors?
Who said, ``Atlanta is not a walkable community''?
When coincides with a time of rapid population growth around Atlanta?
What did CDC Director Jeffrey P. Koplan say?
When jumped 67. 2 percent in that time frame in the Southeast?
What blame Southern weather?
Where are people more active?
What found ``a steady increase'' in all states; in both sexes; across age groups?
What were races and educational levels; and regardless of smoking status?
When do they not get out?
What does Dietz point out that the sprawl around Atlanta keeps?
What led the nation with a 101. 8 percent increase?
What does some say the summers are too hot for?
When was the CDC study based on telephone surveys of more than 100,000 participants each year?
When was the CDC study announced at the AMA's annual Science Reporters Convention?
When was the CDC study based on telephone surveys of more than 100,000 participants between 1991 and ' 98?
What did the population of obese men and women in the United States increase from 12 percent in 1991 to last year?
What do experts say Southerners ' diets are now not much different from?
Who said a national strategy is needed to combat obesity?
What is a lack of exercise?
When does some say are too hot for people to get outside?
What was the CDC study announced Tuesday at?
What did the obesity rate jump 67. 2 percent in that time frame in?
What is the more likely reason for the increase in portliness below the Mason-Dixon line a lack of?
When do some not get out?
When are on the rise?
What says the summers are too hot for people to get outside?
What did the study find across age groups?
What said that figure might be conservative?
What did younger adults show?
Who was Harry DuVal?
Who are less likely to hike?
Who do not get out in the morning?
When did the population of obese men and women in the United States increase from 12 percent in 1991 to 17. 9 percent?
What were in New England and in the West?
What was announced Tuesday at the AMA's annual Science Reporters Convention?
What were age groups?
What had one of the lowest obesity rates in the country in 1991?
What is often high in fat?
Where did the obesity rate jump 67. 2 percent in that time frame?
What did the study find ``a steady increase'' in all states; in both sexes; across?
Who is Dr. William Dietz?
What was based on telephone surveys of more than 100,000 participants each year between 1991 and ' 98?
What do not get out in the morning?
Who was Pam Wilson?
What are obesity rates on?
When did Georgia have in 1991?
What is fried chicken?
Who blame the design of modern suburbs?
What did Georgia lead with a 101. 8 percent increase?
What are getting fatter?
What do experts say from?
What do experts say are now not much different from those in the rest of the country?
Whose diets do experts say are now not much different from those in the rest of the country?
What are more active at the West?
What showed that the number of Americans considered obese soared from about one in eight in 1991 to nearly one in five last year?
What did the CDC survey say?
What is potato salad?
What increased from 12 percent in 1991 to 17. 9 percent last year?
Who points out that the sprawl around Atlanta keeps people trapped in including Dr. William Dietz, one of the study's co-authors's cars for hours?
What was Harry DuVal director of?
What did the obesity rate jump in that time frame in the Southeast?
What do some blame?
When did the obesity rate jump 67. 2 percent in the Southeast?
Who points out that the sprawl around Atlanta keeps people trapped in their cars for hours?
When did Georgia have one in 1991?
When does the period measured in the study coincide?
When did Georgia have one of the lowest obesity rates in the country?
What was to be published in Wednesday's Journal of the American Medical Association?
What is the South leading?
What are Southerners less likely to?
What did CDC Director Jeffrey P. Koplan say is needed to combat obesity?
What were younger adults?
What did a study released Tuesday by the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention show from?
What are people more active at?
Who was director of the University of Georgia fitness center?
What will the studies be published in?
What did the editorial conclude growth in the marketing of fast food and snack food are among the reasons are taking in more calories than they burn?
What did one study by the U. S. Centers for Disease Control and Prevention show from?
What has being overweight been strongly associated with?
What were adjusted for sex?
What are weight-loss products and services?
What did the editorial conclude growth in the marketing of fast food and snack food are among Americans are taking in more calories than they burn?
What suggest LOS ANGELES-- Obesity is a U. S. epidemic that has surged in the past decade and now affects nearly one in five adults?
What are the studies to spread the warning that fat kills?
What did the population of obese men and women increase from 12 percent in 1991 to last year?
What calls for developing a comprehensive national strategy to prevent obesity?
What did the editorial conclude are among the reasons Americans are taking in more calories than they burn?
What are the studies the latest to spread that fat kills?
What concludes, ``Obesity is a major cause of mortality in the United States''?
What was 37 states?
What was to be announced today at the AMA's annual Science Reporters Convention?
Who has other recent research found?
What has found that 22 percent are obese?
What were the figures for?
What will be published in Wednesday's Journal of the American Medical Association?
What did the editorial conclude growth in the marketing of fast food and snack food are among the reasons Americans are taking in than they burn?
What are the latest to spread the warning that fat kills?
What did four out of 45 participating states have obesity rates of?
What was sex?
What kills some 300,000 a year?
When did the population of obese men and women increase from 12 percent in 1991 to 17. 9 percent?
What was the figure for 1998?
What do a collection of new studies suggest LOS ANGELES-- Obesity is?
What concluded that obese people run a significant risk of dying early and are otherwise healthy?
What are the studies the latest to spread that Americans are getting fatter?
What showed that the number of Americans considered obese soared from about one in eight in 1991 to nearly one in five last year?
What do a collection of new studies suggest is a U. S. epidemic that has surged in the past decade and now affects nearly one in five adults?
What did the CDC survey say?
What are a $33 billion-a-year industry?
What was age?
What burn?
What increased from 12 percent in 1991 to 17. 9 percent last year?
How many participating states had obesity rates of 15 percent or higher?
What has found that more than 50 percent of Americans are overweight?
What did a recent study in the New England Journal of Medicine of more than 1 million Americans conclude?
What were whether the subjects smoked?
What were the figures adjusted for?
What has other recent research found?
What concluded growth in the marketing of fast food and snack food are among the reasons Americans are taking in more calories than they burn?
What did the population of obese men and women increase from to 17. 9 percent last year?
What did the figures not factor in?
What are the latest to spread the warning that Americans are getting fatter?
What had obesity rates of 15 percent or higher?
What was that data based on?
When did four out of 45 participating states have?
What did not factor in chronic disease or family histories that might indicate a predisposition to an illness?
What has been strongly associated with greater risk of certain illnesses?
What was based on telephone surveys of more than 100,000 participants each year between 1991-98?
What did the editorial conclude growth in the marketing of fast food and snack food are among the reasons in?
What were the figures?
What are the studies the latest to spread the warning?
What are the studies to spread the warning that Americans are getting fatter?
How many states was the figure for 1998?
What said that figure might be conservative?
Who burn?
What did Dr. William Dietz say the sprawl around Atlanta keeps?
What are Southerners tipping at more than 30 percent above their ideal body weight as a result?
When were in New England and in the West?
Who said the sprawl around Atlanta keeps people trapped in one of the lowest obesity rates in the country's cars for hours?
What said the figure could be more than 374,000?
What was Dr. William Dietz a co-author of?
What did West Virginia lead the nation in?
Who was Dr. William Dietz?
When jumped 67. 2 percent in that time frame?
What did others say the summers are too hot for?
What has being overweight been strongly associated with?
What is ATLANTA-- The laid-back Southern lifestyle affecting waistlines below?
What did the population of obese men and women in the United States increase from to 17. 9 percent last year?
What did others blame?
When coincides with a time of rapid population growth around Atlanta?
What did CDC Director Jeffrey P. Koplan say?
What is Atlanta not?
Who was a dietitian with the Georgia division of public health?
Who blamed Southern weather?
What were two culprits suspected for?
What attributed an estimated 280,000 deaths a year to being overweight?
Who added, ``It all adds up to a very unhealthy lifestyle''?
What led the nation in terms of an overweight population?
What did Dr. William Dietz say keeps people trapped in one of the lowest obesity rates in the country's cars for hours?
When do they not get out?
Who did many experts in Georgia blame the extra pounds on modern suburbs to encourage walking and long commutes forcing to spend hours in their cars instead of exercising?
Who blamed the extra pounds on modern suburbs to encourage walking and long commutes forcing residents to spend hours in their cars instead of exercising?
What do workplaces offer?
What are Southerners tipping the scale at more than 30 percent above as a result?
When did others say are too hot for people to get outside?
What was the CDC study based on?
What did many experts in Georgia blame the extra pounds on modern suburbs to encourage walking and long commutes forcing residents to spend hours in?
What did others say for?
What did another study in the journal say the figure could be?
What are Southerners tipping the scale at more than 30 percent above their ideal body weight as?
What did the obesity rate jump in that time frame?
What were with no sidewalks?
What did the population of obese men and women in the United States increase from 12 percent in 1991 to last year?
Who said a national strategy is needed to combat obesity?
Who are tipping the scale at more than 30 percent above their ideal body weight as a result?
What did Dr. William Dietz say keeps people trapped in their cars for hours?
Who said we do not have sidewalks that lead anywhere?
What offer healthier foods and exercise facilities, more sidewalks and bike paths?
Who said Southerners do not have sidewalks that lead anywhere?
What is not a walkable community?
What did a study released Tuesday by the U. S. Centers for Disease Control and Prevention show from?
What did another study in the journal say could be more than 374,000?
What said that figure might be conservative?
Who said the summers are too hot for people to get outside?
Who was Harry DuVal?
Who are less likely to hike?
Who do not get out in the morning?
When did the population of obese men and women in the United States increase from 12 percent in 1991 to 17. 9 percent?
What had one of the lowest obesity rates in the country in 1991?
What did Pam Wilson say we do not have?
What do not get out in the morning?
Who was Pam Wilson?
When do the lowest obesity rates in the country not get out?
What is ATLANTA-- The laid-back Southern lifestyle affecting below the Mason-Dixon line?
When did Georgia have in 1991?
Who said the sprawl around Atlanta keeps people trapped in their cars for hours?
Who said, ``People in Atlanta drive more than in any other urban area in the country''?
When do not get out in the morning?
When did the obesity rate jump 67. 2 percent?
Who were suspected for the change: urban sprawl and heat?
When did many experts in Georgia blame the extra pounds on modern suburbs to encourage walking and long commutes forcing residents to spend in their cars instead of exercising?
What showed that the number of Americans considered obese soared from about one in eight in 1991 to nearly one in five last year?
What are Southerners tipping the scale at above their ideal body weight as a result?
What did the CDC survey say?
What did many experts in Georgia blame on modern suburbs to encourage walking and long commutes forcing residents to spend hours in their cars instead of exercising?
What increased from 12 percent in 1991 to 17. 9 percent last year?
What did another study in the journal say?
Who did many experts in Georgia blame the extra pounds on modern suburbs to encourage walking forcing residents to spend hours in their cars instead of exercising?
What was Harry DuVal director of?
Who did Pam Wilson say do not have sidewalks that lead anywhere?
What were modern suburbs with?
What is affecting waistlines below the Mason-Dixon line?
When did Georgia have one in 1991?
When does the period measured in the study coincide?
When did Georgia have one of the lowest obesity rates in the country?
What did Dr. William Dietz say?
What are Southerners less likely to?
What did many experts in Georgia blame the extra pounds on to encourage walking and long commutes forcing residents to spend hours in their cars instead of exercising?
Where did many experts in Georgia blame the extra pounds to encourage walking and long commutes forcing residents to spend hours in their cars instead of exercising?
What did Pam Wilson say Southerners do not have?
How many culprits were suspected for the change: urban sprawl and heat?
Who 're obese?
What has been strongly associated with greater risk of certain illnesses?
What did CDC Director Jeffrey P. Koplan say is needed to combat obesity?
Who called for workplaces offer healthier foods and exercise facilities, more sidewalks and bike paths?
What was based on telephone surveys of more than 100,000 participants each year between 1991-98?
What 're obese?
Who was a co-author of the CDC study?
What did West Virginia lead in terms of an overweight population?
Who was director of the University of Georgia fitness center?
What does that increase?
What does NIH say all those risks apply to people with excessive abdominal fat- meaning a waist circumference of?
What increases the amount of carbon dioxide in the blood and brain?
What is about 30 pounds overweight- roughly 221 pounds in a 6-foot person or 186 pounds in a 5-foot-6 person?
What does it increase?
What decreases the amount of oxygen?
What does that include?
What does that decrease the amount of?
What is TRENTON?
What does that decrease?
What is N. J.?
What includes costs for weight loss treatment and treatment of many serious health problems caused by obesity?
What is the body mass index of 30 or more?
What does it decrease?
What does NIH say all those risks apply to people with excessive abdominal fat- meaning?
What does NIH say to?
What are considered overweight or obese?
What does that increase the amount of?
What is the epidemic of obesity also?
What does it decrease the amount of?
What is the level considered obese?
What is someone with a body mass index of 30 or more?
What is also a growing problem among children?
What does it increase the amount of?
What does this epidemic of obesity cost annually?
What costs nearly $100 billion annually?
Who agrees?
What did my wife and I now routinely order one entree split?
What did Obesity specialist Dr. Donald Robertson of the Southwest Bariatric Nutrition Center in Scottsdale, Ariz. , say he 'd also like restaurants to be more responsible in?
What did they eat?
Who believes the Pimas ' plight is tied closely to their genetic inheritance?
Who believe that any such drug will have to be combined with diet and exercise anyway?
Who ate moderately?
What did he say he 'd also like to be more responsible in the portions they serve?
What did ``thrifty'' fat genes eat?
What does he believe is tied closely to their genetic inheritance?
When was squash and white-winged's weight kept in check?
What do scientists hope would stimulate the satiation response?
Who did Endocrinologist Dr. Antonio Tataranni work with in Phoenix at the National Institutes of Health in the study of Pimas and obesity?
Whose highest recorded rates has obesity contributed to?
Who has Endocrinologist Dr. Antonio Tataranni's work with hormone anomalies convinced that obesity has a physiological basis?
What do scientists hope this would stimulate?
What did Obesity specialist Dr. Donald Robertson of the Southwest Bariatric Nutrition Center in Scottsdale, Ariz. ,'s wife and I now routinely order one entree split?
What are considered obese also?
What did Robertson say he 'd like to see the Pimas ' culture put more emphasis on physical activity and education on nutrition rather than see with?
What has the fat and fatter trend initiated into obesity than ever?
What will people generally eat all?
Where has Arizona been a focal point of considerable research?
What should &QL; &QL; &QL; &QL; be noted into?
Who &QL; &QL; &QL; &QL; Are obese?
Who said, ``We do not know if it's lying or a subconscious omission''?
Who said, ``You go to some restaurants and order what you think is a normal meal and you get enough for three people''?
Who said the consensus among researchers is that a fat cell is actually an endocrine organ?
Who was Ariz.?
What has Ravussin come to group into what he calls the pathoenvironment?
Who does Harrowe feel emphasizing factors cannot control does little to help Pimas or non-Pimas who are overweight?
What was there's food intake?
What's available in abundance without any activity required to obtain it?
Who said, ``What Endocrinologist Dr. Antonio Tataranni do not want is people developing this attitude that there's nothing they can do about it anyway''?
Who has Obesity researcher Dr. Eric Ravussin studied?
What was especially the high caloric, fatty foods?
Who believe that the fat epidemic is primarily the end result of an abhorrent culture that places inordinate emphasis on quantity?
Who's 55?
What does it's still?
What does not get through properly in some overweight people?
Who said, ``What you do not want is people developing this attitude that there's nothing they can do about it anyway''?
What does Harrowe feel emphasizing there cannot control does little to help Pimas or non-Pimas who are overweight?
What did their thrifty fat genes become?
What is consideration heavier and generally more healthful than?
Who said it's not exactly clear what the Pima studies say about the non-Pima population?
When have the Gila River Pimas agreed to participate in generational studies on obesity?
What did Harrowe say, ``What you do not want is people developing this attitude''?
Who said, ``there do not know if the study of Pimas and obesity's lying or a subconscious omission''?
What did researchers in the study conclude that denial further impedes in either case?
What have &QL; _ ballooned over the past 30 years?
What ate traditional low-fat foods of cholla-cactus buds, honey mesquite, prickly pears and tepary beans?
What did researchers in the study conclude in either case?
What do many researchers believe that any such drug will have to be combined with anyway?
What did Endocrinologist Dr. Antonio Tataranni work with Ravussin in Phoenix at the National Institutes of Health in?
Who are as a group?
What does Science have yet to find without unhealthful side effects?
Whose work with hormone anomalies has convinced him that obesity has a physiological basis?
What does Harrowe feel emphasizing we cannot control does little to help Pimas or non-Pimas who are overweight?
What can &QL; &QL; Thomas Ropp be reached at?
What do the Pimas have an unusually high incidence of of diabetes in the world?
What is overweight; 30 obese; 40 severely obese?
What did Geneticist Murray Brilliant say the University of Arizona in Tucson's not exactly clear about?
Who began to eat like other Americans?
What does it's available in abundance without?
What did he say in?
Whose plight does Obesity researcher Dr. Eric Ravussin believe to?
What does he's?
What did the Pimas begin to in?
Whose plight does he believe is tied closely to their genetic inheritance?
Who do not want?
Who was the focus of the February '98 ``New Yorker'' magazine article ``The Pima Paradox?''
Who was Geneticist Murray Brilliant?
What do many obesity researchers believe that the fat epidemic is primarily?
What should it be noted that these new government guidelines do not take into consideration?
What did he say he 'd also like restaurants to be more responsible in?
What should &QL; &QL; &QL; &QL; be noted that these new government guidelines do not take all factors into?
What are geneticists now recognizing?
What did ``thrifty'' fat genes eat traditional low-fat foods of?
What was called leptin?
What has contributed to their highest recorded rates?
Who has an 80 percent chance of becoming diabetic before he's 55?
What is heavier and generally more healthful than fat weight?
What was their food intake?
Who now are recognizing that heredity plays a salient role also?
What are about one-third of American adults?
What did they eat traditional low-fat foods of?
Who can be reached at thomas. ropppni. com via e-mail?
What does he believe to?
How many obese; 40 is &QL; A rating of 25 overweight; severely obese?
What was kept in check during normal times?
What do many obesity researchers believe that the fat epidemic is primarily the end result of?
What did Endocrinologist Dr. Antonio Tataranni work with Ravussin in at the National Institutes of Health in the study of Pimas and obesity?
What are &QL; &QL; &QL; heavier than is healthy By?
What does it's generally believed?
What does Obesity researcher Dr. Eric Ravussin believe to?
What does Science have yet to find a magic pill that cuts weight gain without?
What indicate the weight-regulating hormone leptin is not the miracle fat cure some hoped it would be?
What does the fat and fatter trend's still?
What does Obesity researcher Dr. Eric Ravussin believe the Pimas ' plight is tied closely to?
What will people generally eat that they are served?
What does a Gila River Pima man have?
What generally will eat all that they are served?
What did Robertson say he 'd like to see our culture put on nutrition rather than see who can come up with the largest soft drink under a buck?
If nothing else, what do obesity specialists want the public to?
What did the London study show that people who are fat dramatically underestimate?
What are heavier than is healthy By the numbers &QL;- Fifty-four percent of all American adults?
What should it be noted into?
What do preliminary findings indicate the weight-regulating hormone leptin is not some hoped it would be?
Who was of the Southwest Bariatric Nutrition Center?
Who feels emphasizing factors we cannot control does little to help Pimas or non-Pimas who are overweight?
What did the Pimas abandon?
What has Arizona been a focal point of considerable research in?
Who burns off?
What has obesity research turned up the unexpected on?
What do many researchers believe with?
What were stored rather than metabolized?
What did Obesity specialist Dr. Donald Robertson of the Southwest Bariatric Nutrition Center in Scottsdale, Ariz. , say in?
What Are you obese?
Who said the University of Arizona in Tucson's not exactly clear what the Pima studies say about the non-Pima population?
What has convinced him that obesity has a physiological basis?
Who abandoned their traditional foods?
Who have an unusually high incidence of obesity of diabetes in the world?
Who did he say 'd also like restaurants to be more responsible in the portions they serve?
What does Understanding how leptin works's generally believed that leptin signals?
Who hope this would stimulate the satiation response?
What should be noted that these new government guidelines do not take all factors into consideration?
What was Obesity researcher Dr. Eric Ravussin the focus of?''
What does he believe the Pimas ' plight is tied closely to?
What does Understanding how leptin works's generally believed?
What has contributed to the Gila River Pimas's highest recorded rates?
Who does not want?
What did Harrowe say, ``What Endocrinologist Dr. Antonio Tataranni do not want is people developing this attitude''?
What was that not?
Who began to in mass quantities like other Americans?
What has yet to find a magic pill that cuts weight gain without unhealthful side effects?
Who have scientists tried to inject?
What does a Gila River Pima man's?
What's still unclear how big a role genetics and other innate factors have in the overall obesity package?
What do preliminary findings indicate the weight-regulating hormone leptin is not the miracle fat cure some hoped?
What did researchers in the study conclude that denial further impedes chances for weight loss in?
What does it's still unclear in?
What does it's available in without any activity required to obtain it?
What has Endocrinologist Dr. Antonio Tataranni's work with hormone anomalies convinced him?
Who concluded that denial further impedes chances for weight loss in either case?
What was Robertson of?
What does it's generally believed that leptin signals?
Who is Dr. David Harrowe?
What said, ``Becoming obese is a normal response to the American environment''?
What has the fat and fatter trend initiated more research into than ever?
What has turned up the unexpected on occasion?
What have the Gila River Pimas agreed to participate in for the past 30 years?
What has obesity research turned up on occasion?
What showed that people who are fat dramatically underestimate their food intake?
What's still a medical enigma that prompts more questions than there are answers?
If nothing else, what do obesity specialists want to snap out of it?
What was obesity considered?
What are the Pimas as?
Who said he 'd also like restaurants to be more responsible in the portions they serve?
What did Endocrinologist Dr. Antonio Tataranni work with Ravussin in Phoenix at in the study of Pimas and obesity?
What do people who are overweight often say?''
Who is defined as being 20 percent over your ideal weight?
What has been a focal point of considerable research in the area of obesity and genetics?
If nothing else, who wake up to the serious health risks associated with being overweight?
Who do people who are overweight often say do not understand their weight gain because they ``practically eat nothing at all?''
What does that's still unclear in?
What was considered less a disease and more the end result of gluttony and a sedentary lifestyle?
Who has studied the Pimas?
What do scientists hope?
Who was a professor in the department of pediatrics at the University of Arizona in Tucson?
Who is Harrowe?
What was not the case?
What do people who are overweight often say do not understand their weight gain because they ``practically eat nothing at all?''
What did the London study show?
What has Arizona been in the area of obesity and genetics?
Who was there's own hormone called?
Who feels emphasizing factors there cannot control does little to help Pimas or non-Pimas who are overweight?
What &QL; &QL; &QL; &QL; Are Obesity specialist Dr. Donald Robertson of obese?
What was Scottsdale?
Who has his work with hormone anomalies convinced that obesity has a physiological basis?
Who ate traditional low-fat foods of cholla-cactus buds, honey mesquite, prickly pears and tepary beans?
When have &QL; _ ballooned 350 percent?
When has obesity contributed?
What has Endocrinologist Dr. Antonio Tataranni's work with hormone anomalies convinced him that obesity has?
What have agreed to participate in generational studies on obesity for the past 30 years?
What's generally believed that leptin signals the brain to stop eating, or feeling full?
What did Tataranni say, ``I do not think''?
What do preliminary findings indicate is not the miracle fat cure some hoped it would be?
What did Geneticist Murray Brilliant say about?
What are obese?
What should it be noted that these new government guidelines do not take all factors into?
Whose plight does he believe to?
What say they do not understand their weight gain because they ``practically eat nothing at all?''
What did Obesity specialist Dr. Donald Robertson of the Southwest Bariatric Nutrition Center in Scottsdale say?
What has initiated more research into obesity than ever?
If nothing else, who want the public to snap out of it?
What dove?
Where did Endocrinologist Dr. Antonio Tataranni work with Ravussin at the National Institutes of Health in the study of Pimas and obesity?
Who is the Pima public health officer?
Who has come to group these factors into what he calls the pathoenvironment?
What is defined clinically as being 20 percent heavier than your ideal weight?
Who said, ``As desert dwellers, the Pima evolved ``thrifty'' fat genes as a survival mechanism to help conserve fat during periods of famine''?
What ate moderately?
Who agree?
What did Robertson say on?
What are geneticists now recognizing that heredity plays also?
What has his work with hormone anomalies convinced him that obesity has?
What should &QL; &QL; &QL; &QL; be noted that these new government guidelines do not take into consideration?
What has Arizona been a focal point of in the area of obesity and genetics?
What do preliminary findings indicate the weight-regulating hormone leptin is not the miracle fat cure?
What do preliminary findings indicate the weight-regulating hormone leptin is not the miracle fat cure hoped it would be?
Who said, ``Like a thyroid or adrenal, it produces its own hormone''?
What does this signal not get through properly in?
Who is a public health officer for the tribe?
What did Obesity specialist Dr. Donald Robertson of the Southwest Bariatric Nutrition Center in Scottsdale say is that a fat cell is actually an endocrine organ?
Who said, ``I do not think there's any question that obesity is a disease''?
What is &QL; A rating of 25 overweight; severely obese?
What Are Obesity specialist Dr. Donald Robertson of the Southwest Bariatric Nutrition Center in Scottsdale, Ariz. , obese?
What do many obesity researchers believe?
What's obscene?
Who was its own hormone called?
What has his work with hormone anomalies convinced him?
What do preliminary findings indicate the weight-regulating hormone leptin is not the miracle fat cure some hoped would be?
What did Obesity specialist Dr. Donald Robertson of the Southwest Bariatric Nutrition Center in Scottsdale say the consensus among researchers is that a fat cell is actually?
Who worked with Ravussin in Phoenix at the National Institutes of Health in the study of Pimas and obesity?
What does Obesity researcher Dr. Eric Ravussin believe is tied closely to their genetic inheritance?
Who said, ``Like a thyroid or adrenal, there produces its own hormone''?
What do the Pimas have?
What did Obesity specialist Dr. Donald Robertson of the Southwest Bariatric Nutrition Center in Scottsdale say the consensus among researchers is?
What does Harrowe feel emphasizing factors?
What do people who are overweight often say they do not understand because they ``practically eat nothing at all?''
What did the Gila River Pimas's thrifty fat genes become?
What did Geneticist Murray Brilliant say it's not exactly clear about?
What did Robertson say he 'd like to see our culture put more emphasis on physical activity and education on nutrition rather than see with?
If nothing else, what do obesity specialists wake up to?
What was their weight kept in during normal times?
Who did the Pimas begin to eat like?
Who have ballooned 350 percent over the past 30 years?
Who split it?
What was Obesity researcher Dr. Eric Ravussin?''
Who have tried to inject synthetic leptin?
What do preliminary findings indicate?
Whose plight does Obesity researcher Dr. Eric Ravussin believe is tied closely to their genetic inheritance?
Whose culture did Robertson say on?
What was squash and white-winged's weight kept in during normal times?
What did Geneticist Murray Brilliant say's not exactly clear what the Pima studies say about the non-Pima population?
What became a liability?
When was their weight kept in check?
What do the Pimas have an unusually high incidence of obesity of?
What did Stern say obesity treatment is the Internal Revenue Service has ruled ineligible for tax deductions?
What did Brownell say this environment has been created by?
Who said in the past many doctors left its treatment to fad diet promoters?
Who was associate professor of medicine at Vanderbilt University?
What are their body mass indexes a comparison of?
What came armed with statistics and a missionary zeal to enlist dietitians as front-line fighters in the war against obesity?
What are a comparison of weight to height?
What did Gordon Jensen say does not bode well for the future?
What are their body mass indexes?
What does the condition cause in the United States?
What did Brownell say has been created by a food industry that encourages people to eat too much of the wrong foods?
What did Brownell say for example, fast food is being offered in?
If an index of 30 or higher have other medical conditions such as high blood pressure or diabetes, what should lose weight?
What did Jensen say tended to be overweight and sedentary in middle age as well?
What did Stern say obesity treatment is one of the Internal Revenue Service has ruled ineligible for tax deductions?
What did he say does not bode well for the future?
What were children?
Who said the more television children watch?
What is the condition responsible for?
A new study shows who did triglycerides or insulin levels say?
What are added in?
Who are the elderly also joining the ranks of in greater numbers?
What typically gain it all back in a few years?
When did Louis Aronne say many doctors left obesity's treatment to fad diet promoters?
What do we 're in?
If we keep on eating the way we do now what will be obese?
What did Yale University psychologist Kelly Brownell say the National Institutes of Health spends on obesity research?
Who did they come armed with statistics and a missionary zeal to enlist as front-line fighters in the war against obesity?
Who was Gordon Jensen?
What has Gordon Jensen found that as about one third of whom's weight goes up, so does?
Who proposed changing America's eating habits by levying a tax on junk food?
What did Brownell propose offering fruit and vegetables at?
What are considered overweight if their body mass indexes are 25 or over?
Who is the national epidemic of obesity at such a crisis that it demands urgent attention by?
What also are joining the ranks of the obese in greater numbers?
What is responsible for half the high blood pressure cases and half the cases of abnormal cholesterol levels?
Who was John Foreyt?
If that person weighs 197 pounds, what is 30?
Who said Medicare and Medicaid do not cover obesity treatment?
What does the cost of treating obesity-related diseases add up to?
Who did that come armed with statistics and a missionary zeal to enlist dietitians as?
What has the percentage of American adults who are overweight or obese risen from in the early 1960s to about 55 percent today?
What is dwarfed by the $1 billion spent on cardiovascular disease research and the $2 billion spent on cancer research?
Who was clinical professor of medicine at Cornell University Medical College?
Who was Pi-Sunyer?
What think of elderly persons?
What did Jensen say 're going to be looking at greater and greater numbers of obese elderly people?
What was F. Xavier Pi-Sunyer director of?
When do people who quickly lose large amounts of weight typically gain it all back?
Who was he one of at the Dietetic Association meeting?
Who gain an average of half a pound per year between the ages of 20 and 60?
What do we gain an average of between the ages of 20 and 60?
Who is the national epidemic of obesity at such a crisis by?
What approaches $100 billion?
Who does much medical treatment become available to?
What did he predict dozens of diet drugs are being developed so?
Who said people who are obese in old age continued gaining weight into their 50s and 60s?
What did Louis Aronne predict are being developed so that one day doctors will be ``capable of controlling body weight completely''?
What did Brownell say for example, is being offered in school lunchrooms?
When did he say that does not bode well?
Who are about one third of whom obese Jensen is conducting research on?
Who boomers?
If they have other medical conditions such as high blood pressure or diabetes, what should lose weight?
Who now weighs 25 pounds more than men of his great-grandfather's generation?
What did Louis Aronne say New research on the biological basis of obesity and the urgency of the epidemic have changed?
If they have other medical conditions such as high blood pressure or diabetes, who should lose weight?
Who said in the past many doctors did not consider obesity a medical problem?
What was he one of the speakers at?
Who was particularly children?
Who 're in the business of helping patients improve their health?
What are overweight people's body mass indexes?
What recommends that moderately overweight people should at least try to stabilize their weight?
Who was Sachiko Tokunaga de St. Jeor?
What are obese Jensen is conducting research on more than 12,500 elderly residents of rural Pennsylvania?
Who has an index of 25 for example?
What did Sachiko Tokunaga de St. Jeor say, ``We 're the fattest''?
Who said that 're going to be looking at greater and greater numbers of obese elderly people?
Who said in the past many doctors left obesity's treatment to fad diet promoters?
What does the sum approach?
What is the other category?
Who was Louis Aronne one of at the Dietetic Association meeting?
Who said obesity treatment is one of just two categories of medical care the Internal Revenue Service has ruled ineligible for tax deductions?
Who did Louis Aronne say in the past left its treatment to fad diet promoters?
What gain an average of half a pound per year between the ages of 20 and 60?
What did Stern say obesity treatment is one of just two categories of medical care has ruled ineligible for tax deductions?
What did Stern say obesity treatment is one of just two categories of medical care the Internal Revenue Service has ruled ineligible for?
What did he say have changed their perspective?
What do we gain an average of half a pound per year between?
A new study shows who did triglycerides or insulin levels say William Dietz of?
Who was a psychologist at Baylor College of Medicine?
What did Yale University psychologist Kelly Brownell say is second only to having cigarette machines in that's schools?
What does the report recommend that moderately overweight people should at least try to stabilize?
What may doctors helping a patient lose weight have to seek reimbursement by treating the patient's obesity-related diseases in?
Who may have to seek reimbursement by treating the patient's obesity-related diseases in many cases?
What adds up to $52 billion per year?
When has the TV-obesity relationship grown stronger?
What was Louis Aronne one of the speakers at?
Who said, ``We 're the fattest we 've ever been''?
What does a person who is 5 feet 8 inches tall and weighs 164 pounds have an index of for example?
What do an index of 30 or higher gain an average of half a pound per year between?
What has he found?
Who said people who are obese in old age tended to be overweight and sedentary in middle age as well?
What has Gordon Jensen found?
Who did Jensen say 're going to be looking at greater and greater numbers of obese elderly people?
What did Stern say Medicare and Medicaid do not cover?
What did Jensen say continued gaining weight into their 50s and 60s?
Who came armed with statistics and a missionary zeal to enlist dietitians as front-line fighters in the war against obesity?
Who was the average American?
Who are less likely to let them walk to school?
Who are about one third of whom obese is conducting research on more than 12,500 elderly residents of rural Pennsylvania?
What did Stern say obesity treatment is one of just two categories of medical care the Internal Revenue Service has ruled for tax deductions?
Who said, ``that's impossible''?
Who was Louis Aronne?
What is the national epidemic of obesity at such a crisis that it demands by medical professionals, the government and the public?
Who said New research on the biological basis of obesity and the urgency of the epidemic have changed their perspective?
Who did they come armed with statistics and a missionary zeal to enlist dietitians as?
Who proposed offering fruit and vegetables at a government subsidized discount?
What did Stern say is one of just two categories of medical care the Internal Revenue Service has ruled ineligible for tax deductions?
What are the elderly also joining in greater numbers?
Who was director of the nutrition research and education program at the University of Nevada?
What did Louis Aronne say in the past many doctors did not consider?
Who did that come armed with statistics and a missionary zeal to enlist as front-line fighters in the war against obesity?
What do people who quickly lose large amounts of weight typically gain back in a few years?
What did she say the National Institutes of Health spends on obesity research?
Who were the same way tobacco advertising is controlled?
If an index of 30 or higher have other medical conditions such as high blood pressure or diabetes, what should they lose?
What does the report recommend?
What has he found that as their weight goes up, so does?
What did Sachiko Tokunaga de St. Jeor say, ``that 're the fattest''?
What did the American Heart Association put obesity alongside on its list of major modifiable risk factors for heart attack and coronary heart disease for example in June?
What is considered obese?
What did they come armed with to enlist dietitians as front-line fighters in the war against obesity?
Who predicted dozens of diet drugs are being developed so that one day doctors will be ``capable of controlling body weight completely''?
Who did Yale University psychologist Kelly Brownell say, ``I do not think to''?
Who was he at the Dietetic Association meeting?
Who said for example, fast food is being offered in school lunchrooms?
Who was director of the obesity research center at St. Luke's- Roosevelt Hospital Center in New York?
What was Pi-Sunyer chairman of?
What are about one third of whom obese Jensen is conducting on more than 12,500 elderly residents of rural Pennsylvania?
What did Louis Aronne say have changed their perspective?
What did Jensen say people who are obese in old age continued gaining into their 50s and 60s?
Who did Stern say do not cover obesity treatment?
Who did Louis Aronne say in the past many doctors left obesity's treatment to?
A new study shows what said William Dietz of the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention?
Who did Dietz say watch?
What did she say the National Institutes of Health spends $100 million per year on?
What did Brownell say for, fast food is being offered in school lunchrooms?
What does the condition cause 75 percent of all diabetes cases in?
Who did Louis Aronne say in the past many doctors left its treatment to?
What did Jensen say we 're going to be looking at?
What do an index of 30 or higher gain an average of between the ages of 20 and 60?
What did the American Heart Association put obesity alongside smoking, high blood pressure and cholesterol, and sedentary lifestyle on for example in June?
What was that the message repeated again and again this week by experts at?
What becomes available to individual patients?
When did Louis Aronne say many doctors left its treatment to fad diet promoters?
Who did Louis Aronne say in the past did not consider obesity a medical problem?
Who was that the message repeated again and again this week by at the American Dietetic Association's annual meeting in Kansas City?
What is weight loss essential for?
Who said this is second only to having cigarette machines in that's schools?
What did Yale University psychologist Kelly Brownell say the National Institutes of Health spends $100 million per year on?
Who said?
Who said this environment has been created by a food industry that encourages people to eat too much of the wrong foods?
What is essential for obese people?
Who was one of the speakers at the Dietetic Association meeting?
Who said, ``I do not think children should be exposed to Ronald McDonald any more than to Joe Camel''?
Who said we 're going to be looking at greater and greater numbers of obese elderly people?
What does a person who is 5 feet 8 inches tall and weighs 164 pounds have for example?
What did he say New research on the biological basis of obesity and the urgency of the epidemic have changed?
What did he say is second only to having cigarette machines in our schools?
What did Jensen say that 're going to be looking at?
What does the condition cause 75 percent of in the United States?
When did Louis Aronne say many doctors did not consider obesity a medical problem?
What has risen from about 43 percent in the early 1960s to about 55 percent today?
Who did Louis Aronne say in the past left obesity's treatment to fad diet promoters?
What was Sachiko Tokunaga de St. Jeor director of at the University of Nevada?
If they have other medical conditions such as high blood pressure or diabetes, what should they lose?
What did Brownell propose offering at a government subsidized discount?
What did he predict are being developed so that one day doctors will be ``capable of controlling body weight completely''?
What is cosmetic plastic surgery?
What have been staggering?
What does a person who is 5 feet 8 inches tall and weighs 164 pounds have an index of 25 for?
What is the national epidemic of obesity at that it demands urgent attention by medical professionals, the government and the public?
What was that by experts at the American Dietetic Association's annual meeting in Kansas City?
Who said, ``We all tried to get (obese patients) down to skinny little people''?
Who was Louis Aronne at the Dietetic Association meeting?
What are the elderly also joining the ranks of the obese in?
What is at such a crisis that it demands urgent attention by medical professionals, the government and the public?
Who said, ``that 're the fattest we 've ever been''?
When has the percentage of American adults who are overweight or obese risen from about 43 percent in the early 1960s to about 55 percent?
What did that come armed with to enlist dietitians as front-line fighters in the war against obesity?
Who referred to the term for ordering larger portions of french fries at McDonald's restaurants?
What do an index of 30 or higher gain between the ages of 20 and 60?
Who do many people think of?
What is if that person weighs 197 pounds, the index?
What did Jensen say people who are obese in old age continued gaining weight into?
What is that amount dwarfed by?
Who was chairman of a federal panel of experts that issued guidelines in June on the diagnosis and treatment of obesity?
Who was F. Xavier Pi-Sunyer?
What was the message repeated again and again this week by experts at the American Dietetic Association's annual meeting in Kansas City?
Who said that does not bode well for the future?
Who did he say, ``I do not think to''?
Who does the average man now weigh 25 pounds more than?
Who said the National Institutes of Health spends $100 million per year on obesity research?
What has grown stronger in the last 20 years?
What causes 75 percent of all diabetes cases in the United States?
If an index of 30 or higher have other medical conditions such as high blood pressure or diabetes, who should lose weight?
What are overweight people's body mass indexes a comparison of?
Who said this is second only to having cigarette machines in our schools?
When has the percentage of American adults who are overweight or obese risen from about 43 percent today?
What did Brownell propose changing by levying a tax on junk food?
Who also called for regulating food advertising?
What do we gain between the ages of 20 and 60?
What was Gordon Jensen associate professor of at Vanderbilt University?
What did Yale University psychologist Kelly Brownell refer to?
When did Jensen say people who are obese in old age tended to be overweight and sedentary as well?
When did Gordon Jensen say that does not bode well?
What did Yale University psychologist Kelly Brownell say spends $100 million per year on obesity research?
What did she say spends $100 million per year on obesity research?
What did Stern say obesity treatment is one of just two categories of medical care for?
What did Louis Aronne say in the past many doctors left to fad diet promoters?
What goes up?
Where does the condition cause 75 percent of all diabetes cases?
What may doctors helping a patient lose weight have to seek by treating the patient's obesity-related diseases in many cases?
What did Louis Aronne predict dozens of diet drugs are being developed so?
What did Fielding say have a heightened risk for such ailments as diabetes?
What did they emphasize?
What did the National Institutes of Health use?
Who watched their children at soccer practice at Warner Park in Woodland Hills?
What does the index measure the ratio of to height?
If anything what suggest the ideal weight should be below that dictated by the new standard?
Who was Los Angeles County director of public health?
If anything what do major health studies suggest below?
Who said, ``The good news is we 're a little better than the nation as a whole''?
What did the county survey use?
What did he say ?
What did Joel Forte and Mark Smith say?
What measures the ratio of weight to height?
Who said African-American and Latino cultures attach less stigma to extra weight than does white culture?
What recently revised its definition of obesity downward?
What do LOS ANGELES _ Despite?
What did Morton Maxwell say African-American and Latino cultures attach to extra weight than does white culture?
What was Smith?
What did he say ``All of us men love sticking out''?
What was 37?
What _ Despite its chic, sleek image, Los Angeles is fatter than you might think?
If anything what do major health studies suggest should be below that dictated by the new standard?
What echoed the complaints of Sally Smith to Advance Fat Acceptance in Sacramento?
Who was Sally Smith?
What is the lowest?
Who said, ``It's really not surprising when you think of all the fast food that's around that you cannot help eating''?
Who said, ``I 'm surprised that it's that low''?
What said the survey results are likely to prompt ineffective ``yo-yo'' dieting?
What did 45-year-old Don Como say are alarming, but predictable?
Who said ``All of us men love our big bellies sticking out''?
What did they emphasize that it provides?
Who looked at an index chart?
What is 25 percent?
What did Joel Forte and Mark Smith watch men and 39 percent of women in L. A.'s children at in Woodland Hills?
Who gasped?
Who did he say ``love our big bellies sticking out''?
Where did their surprise echo the complaints of Sally Smith to Advance Fat Acceptance?
Who does no one tell us do not look good?
What was an L. A. -area suburb?
Who said, ``Morton Maxwell 'm surprised that the highest rate of obesity at 58 percent's that low''?
Whose surprise echoed the complaints of Sally Smith to Advance Fat Acceptance in Sacramento?
Who said the findings are alarming, but predictable?
What did their surprise echo to Advance Fat Acceptance in Sacramento?
What is that costing in terms of health and in terms of dollars?
What did Morton Maxwell say attach less stigma to extra weight than does white culture?
What is costing everybody in terms of health and in terms of dollars?
Who said, ``It's unrealistic of them to believe that by proclaiming people overweight, people will automatically become thin''?
What are overweight?
What does no one tell latinos, 54 percent, and whites?
Who fall in between?
Who did Joel Forte and Mark Smith watch at soccer practice at Warner Park in Woodland Hills?
When do African-Americans have?
What was Woodland Hills?
Who emphasized that it provides a good indication of obesity across a population?
What did Mark Smith's surprise echo the complaints of Sally Smith to Advance Fat Acceptance in?
What are latinos, 54 percent, and whites?
What did 45-year-old Don Como say?
Where did Joel Forte and Mark Smith watch men and 39 percent of women in L. A.'s children at soccer practice at Warner Park?
Who said ``All of latinos, 54 percent, and whites men love our big bellies sticking out''?
Who did their surprise echo the complaints of to Advance Fat Acceptance in Sacramento?
What did Joel Forte and Mark Smith watch men and 39 percent of women in L. A.'s children at soccer practice at Warner Park in?
Who was of Woodland Hills?
What did Mark Smith's surprise echo the complaints of Sally Smith to in Sacramento?
Who are at increased risk for health problems?
Who said the overweight rate was not surprising?
Who did the county survey find?
What was Jonathan E. Fielding Los Angeles County director of?
Who did Morton Maxwell say ``love our big bellies sticking out''?
Who did Mark Smith's surprise echo the complaints of to Advance Fat Acceptance in Sacramento?
What did Morton Maxwell say ``All of latinos, 54 percent, and whites men love sticking out''?
What used that formula?
What does the index measure?
Who said men have long been immune from the thinness pressure applied to women?
What do African-Americans have the highest rate of at 58 percent?
What does no one tell us?
What was Morton Maxwell director of?
Who was 45-year-old Don Como?
What emphasized that it provides a good indication of obesity across a population?
Who does no one tell we do not look good?
Who was director of the UCLA University Obesity Center?
Who have the highest rate of obesity at 58 percent?
What did Sacramento say?
What did Joel Forte and Mark Smith watch their children at soccer practice at Warner Park in?
Where did Joel Forte and Mark Smith watch their children at soccer practice at Warner Park?
What was Forte?
What do LOS ANGELES _ Despite its chic, sleek image, is fatter than you might think?
What was it based on?
What was anything based on?
What did Joel Forte and Mark Smith say was not surprising?
What were heart disease and cancer?
Who 'mes overweight!
What tells us we do not look good?
What did Mark Smith's surprise echo to Advance Fat Acceptance in Sacramento?
What did Forte say, ``I 'm surprised''?
Who was Morton Maxwell?
What are nearly half of Angelenos carrying?
Who are 44 percent?
What did Forte say, ``Morton Maxwell 'm surprised''?
Who are overweight by using the body mass index?
What did Morton Maxwell say men have long been immune from?
Who does no one tell latinos, 54 percent, and whites do not look good?
What do LOS ANGELES _ Despite, Los Angeles is fatter than you might think?
Who have the lowest?
What did Jonathan E. Fielding say, ``The good news is than''?
What do asian-Americans have?
Who was Jonathan E. Fielding?
What were diabetes?
What was the survey based on last year?
What did Joel Forte and Mark Smith watch their children at in Woodland Hills?
What found that 55 percent of men and 39 percent of women in L. A. are overweight?
What did the National Institutes of Health recently revise downward?
What did their surprise echo the complaints of Sally Smith to in Sacramento?
Where did Mark Smith's surprise echo the complaints of Sally Smith to Advance Fat Acceptance?
Who was spokeswoman for the National Association?
Who protested, ``They make everybody overweight''?
What did they emphasize that it provides a good indication of?
What was Smith of?
What did Fielding say overweight people have?
What did she say, ``It's unrealistic of them to believe''?
What was of Canoga Park?
What did the National Institutes of Health put more Americans in?
Who watched men and 39 percent of women in L. A.'s children at soccer practice at Warner Park in Woodland Hills?
What said overweight people have a heightened risk for such ailments as diabetes?
What did he look at?
What tells latinos, 54 percent, and whites we do not look good?
What did Morton Maxwell say African-American and Latino cultures attach less stigma to?
What did their surprise echo the complaints of Sally Smith to Advance Fat Acceptance in?
Who are carrying extra pounds?
If anything what do major health studies suggest the ideal weight should be below?
What put more Americans in the overweight category?
Who did the National Institutes of Health put in the overweight category?
What did Morton Maxwell say ?
What was based on scientific evidence?
What are nearly half of Angelenos at?
What was Forte of?
What used the new standards?
What was based on telephone interviews with 8,000 households last year?
What did Sacramento say are likely to prompt ineffective ``yo-yo'' dieting?
When was the survey based on telephone interviews with 8,000 households?
Who did Morton Maxwell say have long been immune from the thinness pressure applied to women?
Who was a former vegetarian?
Who was 30?
What did the National Institutes of Health recently revise its definition of downward?
What has the body-mass index, or BMI, been considered a better measurement of than the traditional weight and height charts?
What were expected to be overweight?
Who is the most startling increase for being consumed over that time period?
What do we 're on?
What did more than 25 percent of the children have?
What were low hemoglobin levels an indication of?
What will allow the plotting of a child's BMI against that of other children of the same age?
What were an indication of anemia?
Who said the next major problem is how to turn obesity in the other direction?
When did a top US health official say Friday have done little to stem the growing epidemic of obesity in the United States?
What is for the 35-year-old woman being consumed over that time period?
What did Elizabeth Metallinos-Katsaras present on 128,000 low-income Massachusetts children under the age of five in the government nutritional program Woman, Infants, and Children?
Where did Dietz at a conference sponsored by the Massachusetts Public Health Association say the next major problem is?
What were low hemoglobin levels?
Who was director of Pediatric and Pregnancy Nutrition Surveillance for the State Department of Public Health?
Whose BMI against that of other children of the same age will the growth charts allow the plotting of?
What are Dietz's calculations based on?
What did Dietz and other speakers at the conference Friday cite numerous studies and statistics showing with which Americans put on the pounds and the difficulty in shedding them?
What provides about 80 calories?
What are based on complex formulas including average expenditures?
Who presented 1996 data on 128,000 low-income Massachusetts children under the age of five in the government nutritional program Woman, Infants, and Children?
Who was Elizabeth Metallinos-Katsaras?
Whose calculations are based on complex formulas including average expenditures?
How many average pounds in that period did a 35-year-old man gain?
What will the growth charts allow the plotting of?
Who had low hemoglobin levels?
What did Dietz at a conference sponsored by the Massachusetts Public Health Association say is how to turn obesity in the other direction?
What does a banana provide?
What will the growth charts allow?
Who did Elizabeth Metallinos-Katsaras present 1996 data on?
Who cited numerous studies and statistics showing the ease with which Americans put on the pounds and the difficulty in shedding them?
What did Dietz at a conference sponsored by the Massachusetts Public Health Association say the next major problem is in?
What has the body-mass index, or BMI, been considered a better measurement of obesity in adults than?
How many calories does a banana provide?
What were 10. 5 percent?
What did the 35-year-old woman gain an average of as a result of an extra 12. 7 calories per day?
Who 're on our way to solving the tobacco problem?
What did a 35-year-old man gain?
Who said, ``That's a big deal''?
How many data did Elizabeth Metallinos-Katsaras present on 128,000 low-income Massachusetts children under the age of five in the government nutritional program Woman, Infants, and Children?
Who are at greatest risk of obesity and other nutritional problems in Massachusetts, as elsewhere in the nation?
What did the 35-year-old woman gain as a result of an extra 12. 7 calories per day?
What did Dietz and other speakers at the conference Friday cite showing the ease with which Americans put on the pounds and the difficulty in shedding them?
What did the 35-year-old woman gain an average of 18. 6 pounds between 1980 and 1994 as?
What are low-income children at in Massachusetts, as elsewhere in the nation?
Who gained an average 5. 4 pounds in that period?
Who was Elizabeth Metallinos-Katsaras director of for the State Department of Public Health?
What has the body-mass index, or BMI, been considered than the traditional weight and height charts?
Who said Friday BOSTON _ Years of emphasizing exercise and healthier diets have done little to stem the growing epidemic of obesity in the United States?
Where are low-income children at greatest risk of obesity and other nutritional problems?
What has been considered a better measurement of obesity in adults than the traditional weight and height charts?
Who gained an average of 18. 6 pounds between 1980 and 1994 as a result of an extra 12. 7 calories per day?
What are low-income children at greatest risk of obesity and other nutritional problems in?
What did doctors test Nigel Estick for?
Who look a lot like their adult counterparts?
What has Tyshon obese triggered a form of among people a nutritionist's age?
Who turned defensive by the time frosted flakes made their way to the dairy section?
Who did doctors say hope to get the teen-ager off insulin soon?
Who suggested that Nigel Estick was emotionally depressed, put him on Prozac, and urged Valeria Wilson of the Bronx to insist that he stay in school?
What did a nutritionist point to?
What does Diabetes result from?
What blurred?
How many pounds did Nuribel weigh by the time Dr. Sandra Puczynski was 10?
Who was his mother and his nutritionist?
What likely contributed to her health problems?
What were acanthosis nigricans dark, irregular folds of?
How many inches and 251 pounds was Ms. Wilson?
How many feet were 6 inches?
Who said so does she?
Who make house calls to examine foods in their patients ' homes?
Who maintained the same weight as Valeria Wilson of the Bronx's blood glucose levels fell to normal range?
Who travel to schools to speak to patients ' teachers and classmates, teammates and cafeteria staff?
What is a major risk factor?
What did doctors suggest on?
What do they make to lead family discussions about the importance of exercise and healthy eating?
What were 8 inches tall and 250 pounds?
What do doctors suspect Valeria Wilson of the Bronx probably had for years?
What has Tyshon obese triggered a form of among people his age?
Who has triggered a form of diabetes once considered rare among people his age?
What is Nigel?
What did she say ``off''?
Who has Nuribel not told about Valeria Wilson of the Bronx's disease?
Who urged Tyshon to stick with his new eating habits?
What is the pancreas for?
Whose homes do nutritionists make house calls to examine foods in?
What do these live in?
How many heart attacks has Valeria Wilson of the Bronx already had _ complications from Type 2 diabetes at 38?
What did doctors tell Valeria Wilson of there was nothing seriously wrong with him?
What did her blood glucose levels fall to?
What is Diabetes the sixth-leading cause of by disease in the United States?
How many inches were 4 feet?
What make house calls to examine foods in their patients ' homes?
What did Mrs. Reyes say?
Who do doctors suspect probably had the disease for years?
Who was Nigel Estick?
What did he pick out?
Who are the same pills used in?
When was the correct diagnosis likely to have been missed in some children?
What is opened in October?
What did Dr. Kenneth Jones say report that the number of children with Type 2 diabetes has increased tenfold in the last five years?
When do doctors suspect Valeria Wilson of the Bronx probably had the disease?
What were dark, irregular folds of skin?
What are about four?
What did Nuribel say?
What have parents who work long hours and cannot be home to prepare balanced meals?
Who does she's not as sick as?
Where was the 1996 study conducted by the University of Cincinnati College of Medicine?
When did doctors long believe?
What did Nuribel develop?
Who was Tyshon?
What does the pancreas produce in Type 2, or adult-onset diabetes?
What will be conducted at Mount Sinai Medical Center and at the Berrie Diabetes Center of Columbia's medical school in Manhattan?
Who was a pediatric endocrinologist at the University of California at San Diego?
What did doctors long believe occurred only during middle age or later?
When did Dr. Kenneth Jones say?
What did he want?
Who want to make someone a diabetic?
What likely contributed to Valeria Wilson of the Bronx's health problems?
What has Valeria Wilson of the Bronx already had two heart attacks _ from Type 2 diabetes at 38?
Who was Ms. Wilson the mother of?
What did a 1996 study show that among several small studies in cities across the country's pediatric patients, 16 percent had prior to 1992?
Who was Ms. Wilson?
What were 4 feet?
What is my mother?
How many pounds did Nuribel weigh by the time she was 10?
What has Valeria Wilson of the Bronx already had _ complications from Type 2 diabetes at 38?
Who was Dr. Goland's mother and his nutritionist?
What was likely to have been missed in some children until the last few years?
Who were thrilled?
What did she say ``is off limits to you''?
What did Mrs. Reyes say that when her daughter first began gaining weight, the doctors told her?
What do San Antonio _ provided the first data about?
What do they conduct?
What is losing weight?
What results from a breakdown in the body's system for absorbing sugar?
What did Nigel Estick suffer for years before the disease was diagnosed?
Who found one in five children in America is overweight?
Who cryed?
What did doctors say in fact?
What did she say Special K was?
Who do they have?
Who have doctors at the Naomi Berrie center begun treating with metformin in addition to his nutritional and family counseling?
Who have few neighborhood recreation programs?
What does Amancia Reyes run?
What are African-American and Hispanic?
What are daily insulin injections not detecting because we are not looking for it?
Who live in neighborhoods where fast food restaurants and convenience stores outnumber supermarkets?
Who have begun treating Tyshon with metformin in addition to his nutritional and family counseling?
Who can get family and friends involved with the treatment?
What will trials be conducted at Mount Sinai Medical Center and at the Berrie Diabetes Center of Columbia's medical school in?
What can small changes make?
Who did doctors tell there was nothing seriously wrong with him?
What did a nutritionist pick up a box of?
Whose homes do they make house calls to examine foods in?
What can make a big difference?
What was the trip to the grocery store part of?
What has Tyshon obese triggered among people his age?
What are we not detecting because we are not looking for it?
What is for no known reason?
What did he spend nearly a week in?
Who did a nutritionist say ``love cheese''?
What did he pick up?
What was Ms. Wilson told she had during a routine pregnancy exam when she was 21?
Who suspect Valeria Wilson of the Bronx probably had the disease for years?
Who adores he takes two insulin shots a day?
What did he pick?
Who said, ``She used to eat at McDonald's every night''?
What have doctors at the Naomi Berrie center begun treating Tyshon with metformin in?
Who said, ``I got old too fast''?
What can occur in the body for years without symptoms?
What did Dr. Goland say Type 2 diabetes was diagnosed in 10 percent to 20 percent of the center's new pediatric patients in five years ago?
When did Dr. Kenneth Jones say clinics in his area report?
What grow increasingly resistant to the pancreas?
What do symptoms of the disease include?
Who does Valeria Wilson of the Bronx's not as sick as?
Who said clinics in his area report that the number of children with Type 2 diabetes has increased tenfold in the last five years?
When did NEW YORK _?
Who did the researchers also find in?
What does Valeria Wilson of the Bronx refuse to take a lunch to?
What had Dr. Goland lost at his last checkup?
What was Ms. Wilson?
Who said Poor are at greatest risk?
What do Poor have?
Who has doubled in the last two decades?
Who began vomiting two or three times a day?
What was Dr. Sandra Puczynski chairwoman of?
Who see one case a month?
What can nutritionists get?
What did Valeria Wilson of the Bronx's blood glucose levels fall to?
What is insulin?
Who's not as sick as me?
What can Nigel not enjoy his improvement because of at times?
What do nutritionists make house calls to examine in their patients ' homes?
What will not cure them?
What did doctors say David Satcher _ is in fact?
Who was the mother of two daughters?
What did Nuribel weigh by the time she was 10?
What was under the arms?
Who suggested that he was emotionally depressed, put him on Prozac, and urged her to insist that he stay in school?
What did a nutritionist say ?
What can he not enjoy because of worries about what lies ahead at times?
What did Dr. Goland say Type 2 diabetes was diagnosed in to 20 percent of the center's new pediatric patients in the hospital's clinics five years ago?
Whose mother was Patricia Estick?
Who is 40 pounds lighter?
What did no one test Nigel Estick for?
What did Nuribel maintain as Valeria Wilson of the Bronx grew taller?
What tested him for diabetes?
What did Valeria Wilson of the Bronx urge Tyshon to stick with?
What erroneously believe it to be a more benign form of the disease because it can occur in the body for years without symptoms?
Where did NEW YORK _ On a recent Friday, Tyshon Young, 13, and a nutritionist strolled the aisles at Fairway for a little comparison shopping?
What did researchers find is overweight?
What conduct regular supermarket tours?
What did Emergency room doctors discover that Nigel's blood glucose level had soared to?
What hired a nurse to measure her insulin doses?
Who did the researchers also find that Type 2 diabetes was diagnosed in?
How many inches tall and 250 pounds were 5 feet?
What can the pancreas occur in without symptoms?
What was it?
Who spent nearly a week in intensive care?
What often eat a lot of junk food?
Who has not told classmates or teachers about Valeria Wilson of the Bronx's disease?
Who said, ``These are children who likely would have developed the disease at some later time in their lives''?
What do San Antonio _ provided?
Who said so does Valeria Wilson of the Bronx?
What has the diabetes also caused?
Who pointed to a package of sliced American?
Who said, ``If a nutritionist want to make someone a diabetic, then make doctors obese''?
Who convened a meeting to discuss the problem?
What _ provided the first data about the rise in cases like Nuribel's?
What was Ms. Wilson told during?
When did he spend in intensive care?
What did she urge Tyshon to stick with?
What has Valeria Wilson of the Bronx already had two heart attacks _ complications from at 38?
What did Mrs. Reyes say ?
What did a nutritionist say ``I love''?
Who pointed to graham crackers?
When will several clinics across the country begin testing the drug metformin in children with Type 2?
Who does Diabetes affect?
Who said?
What affects about 16 million Americans?
What does Valeria Wilson of the Bronx refuse to take to school?
How many pounds had Dr. Goland lost at his last checkup?
What was conducted at a Cincinnati diabetes center by the University of Cincinnati College of Medicine?
Who did he say ``love cheese''?
What did her daughter first begin gaining?
Who picked up a box of butter cookies?
Who has triggered a form of diabetes once considered rare among people a nutritionist's age?
Who picked ice cream?
What was the 1996 study conducted at a Cincinnati diabetes center by?
What did a 1996 study show that among their pediatric patients, 16 percent had prior to 1992?
Who have close relatives with the disease?
What has Nuribel not told classmates or teachers about?
What was Dr. Rudolph Leibel head of at Columbia University and a co-director of the diabetes center?
If the disease is left undiagnosed or untreated what can develop within 10 years to 20 years?
Who have begun treating Tyshon with metformin in addition to Dr. Goland's nutritional and family counseling?
Who weighed more than 145 pounds by the time she was 10?
What was diagnosed?
Who were pleased with his progress?
When did Tyshon turn defensive?
What tested him for leukemia?
What do nutritionists make to examine foods in their patients ' homes?
What do nutritionists travel to?
Who were compared with less than 4 percent?
What do nutritionists make to lead family discussions about the importance of exercise and healthy eating?
Who said, ``a nutritionist got old too fast''?
What did officials at the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention convene a meeting to discuss?
Who said ``The sugar in her blood is getting high again''?
What erroneously believe the pancreas to be a more benign form of the disease because it can occur in the body for years without symptoms?
What do most people require?
Who did she say could only have half of one or twice a week?
How many small beauty salons does Amancia Reyes run?
What did Nigel spend nearly a week in?
What grow increasingly resistant to it?
Who did a 1996 study show among?
What is Poor?
Whose mother said, ``She used to eat at McDonald's every night''?
Who did she urge to stick with his new eating habits?
What did her mother say has deteriorated, and with it?
Who have doctors at the Naomi Berrie center begun treating with metformin in addition to Dr. Goland's nutritional and family counseling?
Who was head of molecular genetics at Columbia University and a co-director of the diabetes center?
What did Nuribel maintain as she grew taller?
Who said, ``their obesity has brought it out early''?
Where do they make house calls to examine foods?
What can it occur in the body for years without?
Who was Amancia Reyes?
Who are not detecting this disease in children because we are not looking for it?
What was compared to 2 percent to 4 percent?
Who said they hope to get the teen-ager off insulin soon?
Where do nutritionists make house calls to examine foods?
What have made Tyshon obese?
What fell to normal range?
What has appointed a new task force?
Who was chairwoman of the research advisory board for the Juvenile Diabetes Foundation?
What has Tyshon obese triggered among people a nutritionist's age?
What do nutritionists make house calls to lead family discussions about?
What were the center's new pediatric patients compared with?
Who has already had two heart attacks _ complications from Type 2 diabetes at 38?
What was Nuribel at?
What was minority children?
When did Nigel spend in intensive care?
Who discovered that Nigel's blood glucose level had soared to 8 times higher than normal?
What does he adore he tries to stay away from?
What is Diabetes the sixth-leading cause of death by?
What was the trip to the grocery store?
What did the delayed diagnosis likely contribute to?
Who was told she had Type 2 during a routine pregnancy exam when she was 21?
What is when a child's weight exceeds 20 percent of ideal weight?
Who was 5 feet?
What suggested that he was emotionally depressed, put him on Prozac, and urged her to insist that he stay in school?
What did no one test him for?
Whose mother is 73?
What did Nuribel start at?
Who picked out frosted flakes?
What did doctors say off?
What is a daunting goal for many children with Type 2 diabetes?
What did NEW YORK _ On a recent Friday, Tyshon Young, 13, and a nutritionist strolled in Harlem for a little comparison shopping?
What did Nuribel weigh by the time Dr. Sandra Puczynski was 10?
Who said, ``This disease is probably going to really mess me up''?
Who cannot enjoy his improvement because of worries about what lies ahead at times?
What did the diabetes hire a nurse to measure?
What do many people erroneously believe the pancreas to be because it can occur in the body for years without symptoms?
Who said David Satcher _ is the most significant factor in the rising numbers of children with this form of diabetes in fact?
What do many people erroneously believe to be a more benign form of the disease because it can occur in the body for years without symptoms?
What do the organs grow increasingly resistant to?
What are we not looking for?
What did he say ?
Who said, ``this could be the beginning of an epidemic, ``With the numbers we 're starting to see''?
Who was Kira Almeida?
What is a nutritionist's mother?
Who said, ``these's obesity has brought it out early''?
What have doctors at the Naomi Berrie center begun treating Tyshon with in addition to Dr. Goland's nutritional and family counseling?
Who was a 17-year-old senior at La Guardia High School of Music and Art and the Performing Arts in Manhattan?
What does he adore he takes?
Who said ``Nothing is off limits to Dr. Goland''?
Who will Losing weight not cure?
What is the hormone that controls glucose use?
Who said Type 2 diabetes was diagnosed in 10 percent to 20 percent of the center's new pediatric patients in the hospital's clinics five years ago?
Who had lost 25 pounds at his last checkup?
Who was at 4 feet?
What do they make house calls to lead family discussions about?
Who often control the disease with oral medications?
Who buy candy bars?
What did doctors tell Valeria Wilson of the Bronx?
Who did doctors say is the most significant factor in the rising numbers of children with this form of diabetes in fact?
What is 5 feet?
Who said Special K was a better choice?
What had he lost 25 pounds at?
Who said that when her daughter first began gaining weight, the doctors told her the girl would outgrow the ``baby-fat'' after she passed puberty?
Who suspect she probably had the disease for years?
Whose progress were doctors pleased with?
What were acanthosis nigricans?
What was part of an elaborate effort to coax him into a new regimen of exercise and healthy eating that could save his life?
How many feet were 8 inches tall and 250 pounds?
Who developed a severe yeast infection?
What were 6 inches?
What can he not enjoy his improvement because of at times?
What is based on age, height and frame?
Where do they live?
Where will trials be conducted at Mount Sinai Medical Center and at the Berrie Diabetes Center of Columbia's medical school?
When did doctors long believe the disease occurred only?
What did doctors tell Valeria Wilson of the Bronx there was?
What did Nuribel maintain as Valeria Wilson of the Bronx's blood glucose levels fell to normal range?
What did he have?
What did doctors say Poor are at?
Who must take daily insulin injections for the rest of their lives or face almost immediate death?
Who wanted a mango?
Who said, ``several small studies in cities across the country used to maybe see one case a year''?
Who runs two small beauty salons?
What did Nigel Estick have?
What did doctors say hope to get the teen-ager off insulin soon?
What did they test him for?
What has Tyshon obese triggered a form of diabetes once considered rare among?
What did she say?
What do adults with Type 2 diabetes often control?
What can Nigel not enjoy because of worries about what lies ahead at times?
Who does he adore takes two insulin shots a day?
What did a nutritionist pick?
What do children with Type 2 diabetes look?
Who said, ``If you want to make someone a diabetic, then make them obese''?
Who did doctors say they hope to get off insulin soon?
If the disease is left undiagnosed or untreated when can life-threatening complications develop within 10 years?
Who did she tell to get the low-fat brand?
Who said ``I love cheese''?
What is ideal weight based on?
Who will several clinics across the country begin testing the drug metformin in in the next month?
What are not detecting this disease in children because we are not looking for it?
Who was Dr. Sandra Puczynski?
Who suffered these symptoms for years before the disease was diagnosed?
What will Losing weight not cure?
Who did the diabetes hire to measure her insulin doses?
Who refuses to take a lunch to school?
Who do these have?
Who tested him for leukemia?
What are not looking for the disease?
Who was 6 inches and 251 pounds?
What do they live in?
When did a 1996 study show that among several small studies in cities across the country's pediatric patients, 16 percent had Type 2 in 1994 prior?
What see one case a month?
Whose blood glucose level did Emergency room doctors discover to?
What did Nuribel say so does Valeria Wilson of?
Who was Poor?
Who was his mother?
Who told him to get the low-fat brand?
Who was Dr. Sandra Puczynski's mother?
What do doctors suspect she probably had for years?
When do doctors suspect she probably had the disease?
Who did Mrs. Reyes say that when her daughter first began gaining weight, the doctors told her would outgrow the ``baby-fat'' after she passed puberty?
Who was Ms. Wilson told had Type 2 during a routine pregnancy exam when she was 21?
What is the sixth-leading cause of death by disease in the United States?
What did Nuribel begin losing?
When did a 1996 study show that among their pediatric patients, 16 percent had Type 2 in 1994 prior?
When did Nuribel weigh more than 145 pounds?
Who maintained the same weight as Valeria Wilson of the Bronx grew taller?
What do many people erroneously believe it to be a more benign form of because it can occur in the body for years without symptoms?
What had he lost at his last checkup?
Whose weight would help significantly?
What did officials at the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention convene to discuss the problem?
What do many people erroneously believe it to be because it can occur in the body for years without symptoms?
What did he pick up a box of?
What would help significantly?
What do they make to examine foods in their patients ' homes?
Who was Nigel Estick's mother?
Who said he could only have half of one or twice a week?
Who first began gaining weight?
When can he not enjoy his improvement because of worries about what lies ahead?
What do many people erroneously believe the pancreas to be a more benign form of because it can occur in the body for years without symptoms?
Who maintained the same weight as her blood glucose levels fell to normal range?
What did Dr. Goland say in?
Who did doctors say are at greatest risk?
Who said her determination to lose weight has deteriorated, and with it?
Who did a 1996 study show that among, 16 percent had Type 2 in 1994 prior to 1992?
What did Dr. Goland say Type 2 diabetes was diagnosed in 10 percent to in the hospital's clinics five years ago?
What is Diabetes by disease in the United States?
What did Nuribel maintain as her blood glucose levels fell to normal range?
When did Dr. Kenneth Jones say clinics in his area report that the number of children with Type 2 diabetes has increased tenfold?
What will begin testing the drug metformin in children with Type 2 in the next month?
Who told Valeria Wilson of the Bronx there was nothing seriously wrong with him?
What do nutritionists conduct?
What did Tyshon turn defensive by?
What does Nigel adore he tries to stay away from?
What have doctors at the Naomi Berrie center begun treating Tyshon with in addition to his nutritional and family counseling?
What do researchers speculate that the rise in reported cases of Type 2 diabetes in children results from by primary-care physicians?
Who began losing bladder control _ common symptoms of adult-onset diabetes _?
What has Valeria Wilson of the Bronx already had two heart attacks _ complications from Type 2 diabetes at?
Where do these live?
What was the neck under?
How many feet is Nigel?
Who have a form called Type 1, or juvenile diabetes, which develops when the pancreas stops producing insulin?
What was type 2 compared to?
What did a nutritionist pick up?
What do most children with the disease have?
What has also caused such poor vision that she stopped working two years ago?
What showed that among their pediatric patients, 16 percent had Type 2 in 1994 prior to 1992?
What do Valeria Wilson of the Bronx's friends buy?
What are crackers?
What has the American Diabetes Association appointed?
What did Valeria Wilson of the Bronx say ``off''?
What require oral medication and insulin?
What are daily insulin injections not looking for?
What does she refuse to take to school?
Who also found that Type 2 diabetes was diagnosed in more than one-third of new diabetes patients between the ages of 10 and 19?
Who adores he tries to stay away from the Snickers bars?
What did Mrs. Reyes say ``is getting high again''?
Who said, ``We used to maybe see one case a year''?
Who weighed more than 145 pounds by the time Dr. Sandra Puczynski was 10?
What does the pancreas produce insulin in?
What's pretty scary?
What do researchers speculate from?
Who are not looking for it?
Who said, ``this could be the beginning of an epidemic, ``With the numbers frosted flakes 're starting to see''?
Who's not as sick as a nutritionist?
Who has not told classmates or teachers about her disease?
Who said ``Nothing is off limits to you''?
Who was her mother?
What make house calls to lead family discussions about the importance of exercise and healthy eating?
Who did Valeria Wilson of the Bronx urge to stick with his new eating habits?
What can we get?
If the disease is left undiagnosed or untreated when can life-threatening complications develop to 20 years?
What do they make house calls to examine foods in?
What did she tell him to get?
Who is 73?
Who did doctors test for leukemia?
What did she point to graham?
What _ On a recent Friday, Tyshon Young, 13, and a nutritionist strolled the aisles at Fairway in Harlem for a little comparison shopping?
Who did no one test for diabetes?
Who have parents who work long hours and cannot be home to prepare balanced meals?
What showed that among several small studies in cities across the country's pediatric patients, 16 percent had Type 2 in 1994 prior to 1992?
Who told her there was nothing seriously wrong with him?
When did NEW YORK _, Tyshon Young, 13, and a nutritionist strolled the aisles at Fairway in Harlem for a little comparison shopping?
What did Valeria Wilson of the Bronx's daughter first begin gaining?
What had Dr. Goland lost 25 pounds at?
When do doctors suspect?
What was part of an elaborate effort to coax a nutritionist into a new regimen of exercise and healthy eating that could save his life?
What did doctors say they hope to get the teen-ager off soon?
What did a nutritionist want?
Who did Nuribel say so does?
Who did NEW YORK _ On a recent Friday, strolled the aisles at Fairway in Harlem for a little comparison shopping?
What was Ms. Wilson told she had Type 2 during when she was 21?
What is it?
What did he say ``I love''?
How many pounds had he lost at his last checkup?
Who was Dr. Kenneth Jones?
Who make house calls to lead family discussions about the importance of exercise and healthy eating?
What do Poor often eat?
What will several clinics across the country begin testing in children with Type 2 in the next month?
What did she say ``Nothing is off''?
What did they suggest on?
What did NEW YORK _ On a recent Friday, Tyshon Young, 13, and a nutritionist strolled the aisles at Fairway in Harlem for?
What does she refuse to take a lunch to?
What did she say was a better choice?
What are used in children?
What are obese?
What do they make house calls to examine in their patients ' homes?
Who maintained the same weight as she grew taller?
Who tested Nigel Estick for leukemia?
What was her health?
What tested Nigel Estick for diabetes?
What did doctors tell her there was?
Who started at a new school?
Who did Mrs. Reyes say that when her daughter first began gaining weight, the doctors told the girl would outgrow the ``baby-fat'' after she passed puberty?
Whose mother was Amancia Reyes?
What was the 1996 study conducted at by the University of Cincinnati College of Medicine?
How many feet was Ms. Wilson?
What were 5 feet?
What do her friends buy?
What did he point to?
What was Valeria Wilson of the Bronx's health?
Who began losing bladder control the disease was diagnosed by a different doctor?
What nn Like adults with Type 2, many children with the disease can control their blood glucose levels with weight loss and diet modification?
Who has Nuribel not told about her disease?
Who did Mrs. Reyes say that when her daughter first began gaining weight, the doctors told her the girl would outgrow?
Who do most of the Type 2 children have?
What can it occur in without symptoms?
What did a nutritionist pick out?
How many insulin shots a day does he adore he takes?
What can the pancreas occur in the body for years without?
What did Valeria Wilson of the Bronx say ``Nothing is off''?
What do Poor often eat a lot of?
Who had pains in his legs, a frequently dry mouth and deteriorating vision?
Who was Patricia Estick?
Who does Nigel adore tries to stay away from the Snickers bars?
What were doctors pleased with?
Who wants to make someone a diabetic?
What include frequent urination and chronic thirst?
When's pretty scary?
Who have high-fat, high-carbohydrate snacks like that made?
When did Nigel Estick suffer these symptoms before the disease was diagnosed?
What live in neighborhoods where fast food restaurants and convenience stores outnumber supermarkets?
What was Dr. Rudolph Leibel?
Who did they test for leukemia?
Who grew taller?
What are reporting two and three cases a month?
What did her mother say with?
What did Valeria Wilson of the Bronx say ``is off limits to Dr. Goland''?
Who does he adore tries to stay away from the Snickers bars?
Whose mother and his nutritionist was Tyshon?
What did doctors say David Satcher _ is the most significant factor in the rising numbers of children with this form of diabetes in?
What does Nigel adore he takes?
Who conduct regular supermarket tours?
What do they make house calls to lead?
When can Nigel not enjoy his improvement because of worries about what lies ahead?
What did Emergency room doctors discover to?
When has the number of obese children doubled?
What did Dr. Goland say was diagnosed in 10 percent to 20 percent of the center's new pediatric patients in the hospital's clinics five years ago?
Who were pleased with Nigel's progress?
When is the Berrie center opened?
What did NEW YORK _ On a recent Friday, Tyshon Young, 13, and a nutritionist strolled the aisles at Fairway in for a little comparison shopping?
How many insulin shots a day does Nigel adore he takes?
What do nutritionists make house calls to lead?
Who long believed the disease occurred only during middle age or later?
What produces insulin in Type 2, or adult-onset diabetes?
What did doctors tell her?
Who does Nigel adore takes two insulin shots a day?
What do nutritionists make house calls to examine foods in?
Who turned defensive by the time they made their way to the dairy section?
What does it's not known?
What is Millennium Pharmaceuticals?
What do we identify about?
What have scientists found a number of other mouse strains with gene mutations affecting their weight and energy balance since?
What did it get people thinking about obesity as?
What is the American Obesity Association?
What does the discovery bring to over a dozen the number of genes scientists have discovered over the last five years?
What like?
What says, ``people do not know the final chapter _ we 're just learning about the puzzle'' of weight regulation''?
What do people identify _ we have to do something now about the obesity epidemic?
Even if counterparts exist in humans what will it not be?
What are each one of which has only a modest effect?
Even if counterparts exist in humans what will not be that simple to pick apart the human weight control system?
What do fatty foods _ the biotech scientists believe that genes involved in weight regulation are the most promising targets of?
Who is Louis Tartaglia?
What have conventional diet drugs had in helping people lose weight?
When does the discovery bring to over a dozen the number of genes?
What have scientists found since the leptin gene discovery?
Even if counterparts exist in humans what will the discovery not be?
Who were quick to hypothesize that some, or perhaps many, obese people have too little leptin in their bodies?
Who is Tartaglia?
What were researchers quick to hypothesize?
What do each of these gene alterations provide to how none has led to a drug so far?
What was called ob?
What have had only modest effects in helping people keep it off?
What is mutant in a strain of mice that tend to be obese?
Who is a Cambridge biotech company heavily invested in obesity gene research?
Who is the protein dubbed?
Who do fatty foods _ believe that genes involved in weight regulation are the most promising targets of anti-obesity measures?
What _ the biotech scientists believe that genes involved in weight regulation are the most promising targets of anti-obesity measures?
What is the gene mutant in?
What did Millennium scientists report they had cloned a mutant gene in?
Who says, ``the investment of money and scientific energy is quite a race''?
What does Judith Stern say still, was ``a real breakthrough''?
What does the protein help regulate by signaling the brain to create a ``full'' feeling in th person?
What was in California?
What says, ``We do not know the final chapter _ we 're just learning about the puzzle'' of weight regulation''?
Who says still, the discovery of the ob gene was ``a real breakthrough''?
What was Amgen, Inc. in?
What does the discovery's not known?
What is Judith Stern a professor of at the University of California in Davis?
Whether the biotech rush for gene-based obesity drugs yields dramatic results soon or not, what does it's giving the disease of?
What do we identify all the genes _ we have to do something now about?
What have scientists found a number of since the leptin gene discovery?
What have conventional diet drugs had in helping people keep body weight in rodents off?
Who says, ``It is quite a race''?
Who identify all the genes _ we have to do something now about the obesity epidemic?
What is a founder of the American Obesity Association?
What is Stern a founder of?
What has worked for some of the volunteers?
Who like?
What does Stern say, ``people do not know the final chapter _ about''?
What do we identify all the genes _ we have to do now about the obesity epidemic?
What is dubbed leptin?
What have had only modest effects in helping people keep body weight in rodents off?
What do fatty foods _ the biotech scientists believe?
What is Stern?
What got people thinking about obesity as a disease?
What identify all the genes _ we have to do something now about the obesity epidemic?
What says top health leaders like the surgeon general should make obesity a high priority for research and public policy?
Who is the Millennium scientist?
What was a leptin compound manufactured by Amgen, Inc.?
Who is a professor of nutrition and internal medicine at the University of California in Davis?
What have scientists captured a handful of?
Who are confident they will in time be able to trace the different biochemical pathways involved in weight control?
Who do people identify all the genes _ have to do something now about the obesity epidemic?
What was touched off in 1994 when Jeffrey Friedman and colleagues at New York's Rockefeller University identified the protein made by a gene?
What was the first of the new gene-based drugs to go into clinical trials?
What have scientists captured?
What have conventional diet drugs had in helping people keep it off?
What is obtained when the mahogany gene is defective?
What do people identify all the genes _ we have to do something now about?
Who have captured a handful of genes that help regulate body weight in rodents?
What did a real breakthrough get as a disease?
What provide clues to how mammals ' weight is controlled?
What do people identify about?
What brings to over a dozen the number of genes scientists have discovered over the last five years that influence an animal's weight-gaining tendencies?
Who have found a number of other mouse strains with gene mutations affecting their weight and energy balance since the leptin gene discovery?
Who were quick to hypothesize that their brains fail to signal them to stop eating?
What's not known exactly how the mutated mahogany gene protects the mice against diet-induced obesity?
What does the discovery bring to over a dozen the number of genes scientists have discovered over the last five years that influence?
What makes a protein that's involved in cell-to-cell signaling that helps determine how much fat the body stores?
What was a leptin compound manufactured by Amgen, Inc. the first of to go into clinical trials?
Who reported they had cloned a mutant gene in mice that enabled them to remain svelte even when eating a high-fat diet that makes normal mice corpulent?
What is the mutant gene called?
Who does Stern say should make obesity a high priority for research and public policy?
Who was Dr. Karen Moore?
What does Stern say top health leaders like the surgeon general should make for research and public policy?
What did Millennium scientists report in?
What is enormous?
What did Millennium scientists report had cloned a mutant gene in mice that enabled them to remain svelte even when eating a high-fat diet that makes normal mice corpulent?
What is called mahogany?
What helps regulate weight and food intake by signaling the brain to create a ``full'' feeling in th person?
What do each of these gene alterations provide to how mammals ' weight is controlled?
Who do we identify all the genes _ have to do something now about the obesity epidemic?
What do people identify all the genes _ we have to do now about the obesity epidemic?
Who is a scientist at Millennium Pharmaceuticals?
What have been disappointing?
What are such ``magic bullet'' therapies?
What have had only modest effects in helping people lose weight?
What does the biotech rush for gene-based obesity drugs yield soon or not?
What did it get as a disease?
Whether the biotech rush for gene-based obesity drugs yields dramatic results soon or not, what's giving the disease of obesity some respect?
What did a real breakthrough get people thinking about obesity as?
What did Millennium scientists report they had cloned in mice that enabled them to remain svelte even when eating a high-fat diet that makes normal mice corpulent?
What does the mutant gene make?
What is an advocacy group?
What are genes?
What does Stern say for?
What do people identify all the genes _ about?
In developing a drug what stir excitement in the obesity research field?
What are a long way off?
Who was Millennium's director of genetic systems?
Who does the discovery bring to over a dozen the number of genes have discovered over the last five years that influence an animal's weight-gaining tendencies?
Who is Judith Stern?
What may be leading researchers toward the elusive goal of obesity treatments that are safe, effective and do not call for the will power of a Spartan?
What provide clues to how none has led to a drug so far?
What was the gene called?
What do we identify _ we have to do something now about the obesity epidemic?
Who hope to be able to manipulate the genes or proteins that are turning out to be the important regulatory devices in this system?
In developing a drug what do The discovery of genes like mahogany stir?
Who did Millennium scientists report had cloned a mutant gene in mice that enabled them to remain svelte even when eating a high-fat diet that makes normal mice corpulent?
What do fatty foods _ the biotech scientists believe that genes involved in weight regulation are?
What do we identify all the genes _ about?
What went?
When does the discovery bring to over a dozen the number of genes scientists have discovered that influence an animal's weight-gaining tendencies?
What was Dr. Karen Moore Millennium's director of?
Who says, ``The majority of people are not defective in any one gene that would explain their obesity''?
What do fatty foods _?
What yields dramatic results soon or not?
Whether the biotech rush for gene-based obesity drugs yields dramatic results soon or not, what does it's giving?
What does the discovery bring to scientists have discovered over the last five years that influence an animal's weight-gaining tendencies?
Where was Amgen, Inc.?
What does Stern say, ``We do not know the final chapter _ about''?
What does Stern say top health leaders like the surgeon general should make obesity a high priority for?
What has the compound worked for?
When did obese patients lose an average of 15. 6 pounds at the highest doses?
What did the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention say Tuesday _ Americans are gobbling down more calories than ever?
What do _ Researchers at Children's Hospital in Boston report also in the same issue of the medical journal?
What was the proportion in 1991?
When was the proportion 12 percent?
When do 45 of the 50 states have?
What was based on a large telephone survey of more than 100,000 people?
What is leptin linked to?
What did obese patients lose after 24 weeks at the highest doses?
What revealed that obesity was increasing fastest among 18- to 29-year-olds with college educations and people of Hispanic descent?
What did users lose more than?
What define obesity as being at least 30 percent above ideal weight?
Who is considered obese for example?
Who is linked to appetite regulation?
What is linked to many chronic and life-threatening diseases?
What were obese patients also on than they needed to maintain their normal weight?
What did researchers from Tufts University School of Medicine in Medford report Monday to?
Who do the figures released by the federal agency in Atlanta show?
What did Americans result in?
What did CDC officials say the results of the study are?
Who did the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention say Tuesday LOS ANGELES _ are gobbling down more calories than ever?
When did the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention say LOS ANGELES _ Americans are gobbling down more calories than ever?
What did not demonstrate a dramatic difference like other tests of leptin?
What did obese patients lose an average of after 24 weeks at the highest doses?
What are Young people?
What are Young people and Hispanics leading?
What do 45 of the 50 states have rates of?
What did the studies not demonstrate a dramatic difference like?
What needed to maintain their normal weight?
When was people?
What did the survey not find?
When did the CDC data reveal?
What was Mass.?
Who lost an average of 15. 6 pounds after 24 weeks at the highest doses?
Who needed to maintain their normal weight?
What did the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention say Tuesday LOS ANGELES _?
What did not find any significant changes in the rates of physical activity?
When did researchers from Tufts University School of Medicine in Medford report that 280,000 deaths a year can be attributed to obesity?
What were they also on than they needed to maintain their normal weight?
What did _ A researcher from Saint Luke's- Roosevelt Hospital in New York find that injections of the hormone leptin increased?
Who reported Monday that 280,000 deaths a year can be attributed to obesity?
What are leading the way?
What did the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention say Tuesday LOS ANGELES _ Americans are gobbling down than ever?
What is a 5-foot-9-inch person who weighs more than 220 pounds considered obese for?
What did researchers from Tufts University School of Medicine in Medford report Monday that 280,000 deaths a year can be attributed to?
What are the more highly educated?
What did any significant changes indicate?
What did CDC officials say?
What did CDC officials say are further evidence that more effort must go into public health campaigns to combat poor eating habits and encourage physical activity?
What was the study based on?
What outstripped lower fat intake as being correlated with those positive health results?
What did any significant changes indicate that overeating was?
What was compared with just four states in 1991?
Who said Tuesday LOS ANGELES _ Americans are gobbling down more calories than ever?
What did any significant changes indicate that overeating was the cause of?
Who did lose more than those who received injections of a placebo?
Who said the results of the study are further evidence that more effort must go into public health campaigns to combat poor eating habits and encourage physical activity?
What was Medford?
What was 29-year-olds?
Who found that injections of the hormone leptin increased weight loss for both obese and lean subjects?
What was 12 percent in 1991?
What did obese patients lose an average of 15. 6 pounds after 24 weeks at?
What was more than 15 percent compared with?
What is Obesity linked to?
What did Fiber outstrip as being correlated with those positive health results?
What were also on a diet designed to give them 500 fewer calories per day than they needed to maintain their normal weight?
What did _ A researcher from Saint Luke's- Roosevelt Hospital in New York find?
What indicated that overeating was the cause of most of the increase in weight gain?
What did they need to maintain?
What show that 17. 9 percent of Americans are obese?
What have rates of obesity of more than 15 percent?
What did obese patients need to maintain?
Who resulted in a 50 percent increase in the nation's obesity rate?
Who were also on a diet designed to give them 500 fewer calories per day than they needed to maintain their normal weight?
What did the studies not demonstrate like other tests of leptin?
What was both not that long ago that smoking was considered?
Who said, ``Obesity is a serious health condition''?
What do we need to move our society's concept of from a cosmetic issue to a health issue?
Who did Dr. Jeffrey Koplan present new research by CDC hosted by the American Medical Association?
Who injected with an inert placebo?
Where did rates of obesity rise the most?
What do both percentages reflect?
What reflect the new weight guidelines?
Who rose the most in Georgia?
What did they rise in Georgia?
What do we need to move our society's concept of obesity from to a health issue?
Who have to be very careful not to blame the victims of these conditions, ``For both''?
Who are college graduates and Hispanics?
When need to move our society's concept of obesity from a cosmetic issue to a health issue?
Who was the hormone compared to?
Who said, ``Obesity is occurring at an epidemic level''?
What are considered to be overweight?
What was both not?
When increased in 33 states between 1991 and 1998?
What was it not?
What did Koplan say excess weight is increasing as rapidly in as an infectious disease might spread, and should be treated as seriously as an epidemic?
Who said excess weight is increasing as rapidly in the population as an infectious disease might spread, and should be treated as seriously as an epidemic?
What does body mass index divide?
Who said, ``both have behavioral components''?
Who was a hormone whose influence on weight loss made front-page news when it was discovered in mice in 1995?
What did Koplan say is increasing as rapidly in the population as an infectious disease might spread, and should be treated as seriously as an epidemic?
What was a pharmaceutical company that synthesizes leptin?
What reclassified as overweight an additional 29 million Americans?
What was a health issue?
What was not that long ago that smoking was considered a social issue?
When did rates of obesity increase in 33 states?
What cannot be reversed?
What did the National Institutes of Health set the standard for overweight lower _ in?
Who recalculated weight data gathered over the past 30 years to make sure they were delivering an apples-to-apples comparison?
What was leptin?
How many percent _ do more than half of all adults in the United States _ are now overweight or obese?
What did CDC's Koplan call for as the nation has directed against tobacco in recent years?
What did Dr. Jeffrey Koplan present new research by CDC scientists at a Los Angeles conference hosted by?
When reclassified as overweight an additional 29 million Americans?
What was the social issue?
What do the past 10 to 15 years need to move our society's concept of obesity from to a health issue?
What is the problem particularly acute in?
What was Amgen, Inc.?
What do more than half of all adults in the United States _ are now overweight or obese?
What rose the most in Georgia?
Who _ will become the greatest single cost on the U. S. health care system?
When did the proportion of Georgians who are at least 30 pounds over 1991 to 1998's ideal body weight double?
Who are considered obese?
Who said, ``We are aware that obesity and overweight have been increasing in Georgia over the past 10 to 15 years''?
What has the nation directed against in recent years?
What went on?
What did both lean and obese subjects who were injected with leptin lost significant amounts of weight during the trial of the hormone inject with?
Who did the National Institutes of Health reclassify as?
What did CDC say of, Georgia has had the most dramatic increase in the percent of adults who are obese?
What do the past 10 to 15 years need to move from a cosmetic issue to a health issue?
What do we need to move from a cosmetic issue to a health issue?
Where did they rise the most?
When did the proportion of Georgians who are at least 30 pounds over their ideal body weight double?
What was the study partially supported by?
What are _ Rates of obesity rising?
What did researchers report?
Who were obese in 1991?
What was partially supported by Amgen, Inc.?
Who the more weight lost?
What was it not that long ago that smoking was considered?
Who called for an information and prevention campaign with as much funding and energy as the nation has directed against tobacco in recent years?
Who said, ``it is occurring at an epidemic level''?
What are now obese?
What do the past 10 to 15 years need to move our society's concept of obesity from a cosmetic issue to?
What did Dr. Jeffrey Koplan present new research by CDC by?
What did rates of obesity rise the most in?
What did researchers recalculate?
What were in 1998?
What did the National Institutes of Health set in effect?
Who said, ``Both smoking and excess weight are risk factors for serious diseases''?
What _ 54. 9 percent _ are now overweight or obese?
What was almost entirely fat?
What did researchers evaluate overweight call by the square of height in meters?
What will _ the side-effects of overweight become?
What were men with a BMI of 28 and women with a BMI of 27 considered overweight under?
What did researchers using a measure call body mass index by?
What divides weight in kilograms?
What is the year?
How many past years have to be very careful not to blame the victims of these conditions, ``For both''?
What did he present new research by scientists at a Los Angeles conference hosted by the American Medical Association?
What did he present new research by CDC scientists at a Los Angeles conference hosted by?
What did rates of obesity rise in Georgia?
Who was an epidemiologist with the state Division of Public Health?
What did he present new research by CDC by?
Who 're also aware that the proportion of Georgians who get no regular physical activity has been increasing every year every year for the past 15 years?
What do we need to move our society's concept of obesity from a cosmetic issue to?
What sends rates of obesity's overweight and obesity levels up?
Who did last year reclassify as?
How many past years need to move our society's concept of obesity from a cosmetic issue to a health issue?
What did researchers using a measure call by the square of height in meters?
When rose the most in Georgia?
When is 2 percent?
What might spread?
What do the past 10 to 15 years need to move our society's concept of from a cosmetic issue to a health issue?
What does the combination of eating too much and not getting enough physical activity send up?
Who did he present new research by CDC hosted by the American Medical Association?
What did he present by CDC scientists at a Los Angeles conference hosted by the American Medical Association?
What did researchers report that leptin shows?
What doubled from 1991 to 1998?
Who presented new research by CDC scientists at a Los Angeles conference hosted by the American Medical Association?
When are rising fastest among young adults?
When were 18. 2 percent?
Who said, ``rates of obesity are aware that obesity and overweight have been increasing in Georgia over the past 10 to 15 years''?
What did they rise the most in?
Who need to move our society's concept of obesity from a cosmetic issue to a health issue?
When have to be very careful not to blame the victims of these conditions, ``For both''?
When were 9. 2 percent of the state's adults obese?
What means?
Who reported that leptin shows signs of working equally well in humans?
What said of all the states surveyed each year by the Atlanta-based agency, Georgia has had the most dramatic increase in the percent of adults who are obese?
What should an infectious disease be treated as seriously as?
When has the nation directed against tobacco?
What was compared to other participants?
What did Dr. Jeffrey Koplan present new research by scientists at a Los Angeles conference hosted by the American Medical Association?
What is particularly acute in Georgia?
Who did CDC say of all the states surveyed each year by the Atlanta-based agency, Georgia has had?
Who were considered overweight under the old guidelines?
Who called body mass index by the square of height in meters?
What sends our overweight and obesity levels up?
What did Dr. Jeffrey Koplan present by CDC scientists at a Los Angeles conference hosted by the American Medical Association?
What has directed against tobacco in recent years?
What publishes a special issue today devoted to obesity and overweight?
Who are young adults?
Where is the problem particularly acute?
What should be treated as seriously as an epidemic?
Who was Dr. Kenneth Powell?
What did rates of obesity increase in between 1991 and 1998?
When 're also aware that the proportion of Georgians who get no regular physical activity has been increasing every year every year for the past 15 years?
What do more than half of all adults in the United States _?
What did researchers evaluate overweight call body mass index by?
How many participants the more weight lost?
What set the standard for overweight lower _ in effect?
What eat voraciously _ one 3-year-old girl consumed 2,000 calories at a sitting?
What do some researchers say perhaps the drugs should be reserved for those cursed with?
What will be sophisticated enough to stop people from eating?
What do these experts foresee while getting ever less exercise?
What is an obesity epidemic that shows no signs of abating?
What did many researchers hope that obesity would turn out to be a simple matter of: give the hormone to fat people?
Who increase their average number of calories year by year?
Whose growing girths did the Journal of the American Medical Association also call for a campaign to combat?
What should some researchers help very fat people who cannot control their weight at?
What do cigarettes do the same for?
Who have found only a half-dozen people in the world whose bodies produce no leptin despite an assiduous search?
What did many researchers hope that obesity would turn out to be a simple matter of a leptin deficiency: give to fat people?
What are Americans eating?
What did he add that while there are certainly eventually obesity will be controlled just like high cholesterol levels?
What is thanks to the miracles of molecular biology?
What does a national disaster seem?
What comes from work that began with the discovery of leptin?
What are nearly 18 percent obese _?
What can those who cannot, or will not, control the therapeutics's levels through diet take?
What do some fear that without a national anti-obesity campaign, the future could hold?
What did it turn out that overweight people make plenty of?
What are now overweight?
Who did the Journal of the American Medical Association exhort doctors to?
What made people effortlessly lose fat while retaining muscle, looks like a bust?
What did many researchers hope that obesity would turn out to be: give the hormone to fat people?
Who say there may in fact be a magic bullet for obesity one day?
What see the beginning of a new age of drug development that will find molecules that make fat people lose interest in eating to excess?
What did it also call for to combat Americans ' growing girths?
What _ one fat person who took the highest dose actually gained 20 pounds in a preliminary study reported last week?
What was found in people?
What lost their appetites?
If the nation can mount a national effort against cigarettes, what asked in an editorial?
What does the optimism come from?
What seems that Americans can get no fatter?
What published a litany of bad news in a special issue devoted to obesity?
What should some researchers help at the very least?
What were shocked with the discovery of leptin in 1994?
What did Dr. Steven Heymsfield add that while there are certainly social and environmental influences on body weight _ eventually obesity will be controlled just like high cholesterol levels?
What is leptin?
What was the hormone found in?
Who suggest that the hormone's role is to signal the brain that there is fat on the body?
What have scientists found despite an assiduous search?
What felt that it would be one or two decades before we went from knowing that fact to a molecular discovery at that point?
When do Americans increase their average number of calories year?
What turned out that overweight people make plenty of leptin?
What do most people who took leptin lost little or no weight _ one fat person who took the highest dose actually gained 20 pounds in?
Who do most people who took leptin lost little or no weight _ gained 20 pounds in a preliminary study reported last week?
What did the Journal of the American Medical Association publish a litany of bad news in?
Who lost their appetites?
What remained nearly flat from 1991 to 1998?
When did the percentage of adults who claim they are physically inactive remain nearly flat?
When do Americans increase more than ever's average number of calories year?
What came out saying that genetics is very, very important?
What can those who cannot, or will not, control their levels through diet take?
Who say the pathway to a truly effective obesity drug is being illuminated by the very hormone?
Who disagree about where the nation goes from here?
Who hoped that obesity would turn out to be a simple matter of a leptin deficiency: give the hormone to fat people?
What did many researchers hope that obesity would turn out to be a simple matter of a leptin deficiency: give the hormone to?
What did the first studies come out saying?
What do others say?
Who said ``I got into the field 10 years ago''?
What is the very hormone?
What is defined as a body mass index of 25 to 29 obese is an index of at least 30?
Who did a hormone call?
What certainly is easy to get fat in America?
What has the optimism revealed?
Who should help very fat people who cannot control their weight at the very least?
What do some fear without?
What is the magic bullet for obesity one day?
What were several of these people treated with?
What can take a pill?
What do these experts say the pathway to a truly effective obesity drug is being illuminated by?
What did he add that while there are certainly social and environmental influences on body weight _ eventually obesity will be controlled just like high cholesterol levels?
What are obese _ more than 30 percent above ideal body weight?
What should help very fat people who cannot control their weight at the very least?
What does the bagel and orange juice come is?
What have scientists found only a half-dozen people in the world whose bodies produce no leptin despite?
What do those who expect a pharmacological fix see?
What were treated with leptin?
What do most people who took leptin lost little or no weight _ in a preliminary study reported last week?
Who foresee an ever-ballooning population gobbling ever greater quantities of food while getting ever less exercise?
What did it turn out that overweight people make?
Who hoped that they will get thin?
What did Dr. Steven Heymsfield add that while there are certainly eventually obesity will be controlled just like high cholesterol levels?
Who are going to be able to turn off appetite completely _ eventually?
Who did the Journal of the American Medical Association exhort to counsel fat patients about diet and exercise?
What is the national disaster?
If you order a bagel and orange juice, what do orange juice, a banana and strawberries _?
What did the Journal of the American Medical Association also call for a campaign to combat?
What did the Journal of the American Medical Association publish a litany of in a special issue devoted to obesity?
What exhorted doctors to counsel fat patients about diet and exercise?
What do those who expect a pharmacological fix see the beginning of that will find molecules that make fat people lose interest in eating to excess?
What called leptin that was supposed to be the magic bullet for obesity?
If you order a bagel and orange juice, what _ a meal with at least 1,000 calories?
What do the same for obesity?
What did many researchers hope to?
What should they help very fat people who cannot control their weight at?
What is Gaithersburg?
What is not just a social stigma _ it is associated with poor health?
What came when scientists reported that leptin made genetically fat mice stop eating and become thin?
What did Heymsfield say ``into''?
Whose growing girths did it also call for a campaign to combat?
What felt that that point would be one or two decades before some researchers went from knowing that fact to a molecular discovery at that point?
What do the doomsayers see?
What did the Journal of the American Medical Association also call for to combat Americans ' growing girths?
What did it also call for a campaign to combat?
What did most people feel that that point would be one or two decades before some researchers went from knowing that fact to a molecular discovery at?
What do these experts say by?
What did a hormone make effortlessly lose fat while retaining muscle, looks like a bust?
What has proved so disappointing?
What are succumbing to temptation?
Who look around?
What are some people succumbing to?
Who said, ``This is my prediction''?
What did they lose?
What do cigarettes do for obesity?
Who do these people eat voraciously _?
What see a national disaster?
What also called for a campaign to combat Americans ' growing girths?
What did Dr. Steven Heymsfield add just like?
When did the percentage of adults who claim America are physically inactive remain nearly flat?
What did several of these people lose?
How many huge bagels does the bagel and orange juice come is?
Who increase more than ever's average number of calories year by year?
What do some experts suggest on?
What is obesity not just a social stigma _ with?
What did Heymsfield say ``I got into 10 years ago''?
What is Overweight defined as to 29 obese is an index of at least 30?
What has it revealed?
What should they help at the very least?
What fear that without a national anti-obesity campaign, the future could hold more bad news?
What did many researchers hope?
What should be reserved for those?
What do these experts say is being illuminated by the very hormone?
If the nation can mount a national effort against cigarettes, what did the journal ask in?
What did the Journal of the American Medical Association publish in a special issue devoted to obesity?
What should the drugs be reserved for?
What did he add just like?
What did the hormone turn out that overweight people make?
What did a hormone make like?
What do others say there may in fact be?
What does it seem?
What do some fear that without, the future could hold more bad news?
What comes is two huge bagels?
What has revealed molecular pathways that may lead to truly effective and precisely targeted weight loss drugs?
Who say perhaps the drugs should be reserved for those cursed with the most stubborn obesity?
Who are eating more than ever?
What were people shocked with?
What is Overweight defined as a body mass index of 25 to obese is an index of at least 30?
Who did Heymsfield say ``got into the field 10 years ago''?
What did most people feel that it would be one or two decades before we went from knowing that fact to a molecular discovery at?
What did the hormone turn out that overweight people make plenty of?
What did the hormone turn out?
What did it turn out?
What plummeted?
What is obesity not just?
Who is Md.?
What did Eleanor Holmes Norton promote her legislation to encourage healthy diets and physical activity at?
What do aides say the Internet venture helps manage their personal health with comprehensive, trustworthy information?
Who was the District of Columbia's non-voting delegate to Congress?
Who was Dr. Barbara J. Moore?
How many minutes with them is not enough time?
Who did Dr. Barbara J. Moore add that because physicians can charge as much as $150 per visit, people cannot afford to visit?
What do aides say the Internet venture helps people manage their personal health with?
Who launched an Internet site Thursday to keep off the pounds for good?
What does it allow individuals to: _ management goals?
What Determine each week what weight management challenges need to be addressed?
What did Norton say?
Who might they get with?
Whose e-mail address is ismailtcoxnews. com?
What was Eleanor Holmes Norton?
Who added that because physicians can charge as much as $150 per visit, people cannot afford to visit their doctors weekly for weight loss tips?
Who was Eleanor Holmes Norton the District of?
What does it allow individuals to: _ Set personal weight?
Who said people may get better results with Shape Up and Drop 10 than they might get with their personal physicians?
When was her $15 million Lifelong Improvements in Food and Exercise Act introduced in Congress?
What did Eleanor Holmes Norton promote at the same news conference?
Who might get with their personal physicians?
What do aides say helps people manage their personal health with comprehensive, trustworthy information?
Who can join the pay-as-you-go program for a registration fee of $15 and $10?
Who does it allow to: _ Set personal weight management goals?
What did WASHINGTON _ Former U. S. Surgeon General Dr. C. Everett Koop launch an Internet site Thursday to keep off for good?
What do _ choose?
What Choose each day's meal?
When is not enough time?
Who say the Internet venture helps people manage their personal health with comprehensive, trustworthy information?
Who did she add that because physicians can charge as much as $150 per visit, people cannot afford to visit?
What do aides say the Internet venture helps people manage with comprehensive, trustworthy information?
Who has more than tripled since 1991 to 90 million?
When did _ determine what weight management challenges need to be addressed?
When is only eight minutes with them?
Who can select a plan that fits their needs for a registration fee of $15 and $10?
What did _ determine each week?
Who was introduced in Congress late last year?
What can adults 18 and over join for a registration fee of $15 and $10?
What did Norton say, ``The underlying theme of the bill is in''?
Who might 10 get with?
What did Moore say may get better results with Shape Up and Drop 10 than they might get with their personal physicians?
Who can charge as much as $150 per visit?
What has Koop been involved in?
What is the Internet venture?
What was her $15 million Lifelong Improvements in Food and Exercise Act introduced in late last year?
What might get with their personal physicians?
What can adults 18 and over join the pay-as-you-go program for?
What has the number of obese Americans more than tripled since 1991 to?
What does a week allow individuals to: _ Set personal weight?
Who was president of Shape Up America?
What is drkoop. com?
What suggest that obesity-related diseases may cost Americans more than $100 billion annually?
What do recent estimates suggest?
Who said, ``Their personal physicians spend only eight minutes with them''?
What did Dr. Barbara J. Moore add?
Who promoted her legislation to encourage healthy diets and physical activity at the same news conference?
Who does a week allow to: _ Set personal weight management goals?
Who is Koop also?
When has the number of obese Americans more than tripled to 90 million?
When allows individuals to: _ Set personal weight management goals?
Who launched an Internet site Thursday to help overweight people ``lose weight in a healthy manner?''
What did she add?
What can adults 18 and over select for a registration fee of $15 and $10?
What is ismailtcoxnews. com?
What _ basic, non-dairy, lacto-ovo or vegan?
What is Ismail Turay Jr.'s e-mail address?
Who did Norton say is designed to address the 300,000 cases of preventable disease estimated to result each year from unhealthy diets and physical inactivity?
What does a week allow individuals to: _ management goals?
Who is also the Elizabeth DeCamp McInerny professor at Dartmouth College in New Hampshire?
What can physicians charge?
What did Moore say with?
Who has been involved in another Internet venture?
What did Norton say, ``The underlying theme of the bill is that unhealthy lifestyles have gained such a foothold in every part of the country in''?
What can adults 18 and over select a plan that fits their needs for?
What allows individuals to: _ Set personal weight management goals?
What does every five years?
What do several sessions of this week's summit explore?
What has contributed $1. 2 million to senators since 1995?
Who are schools?
What did the government updated place's dietary guidelines specifically recommend to help avoid obesity?
What were improvements in food stamps and the establishment of the WIC program for infants, children, and pregnant women?
What did the government updated its dietary guidelines specifically recommend to help avoid obesity?
What cannot seem to connect a candy bar with an unhealthy paunch?
Who did the government cave in to the sugar industry by rejecting language favored by its own panel of scientists calling on to ``limit'' sugar intake?
What does one fifth of all Americans raise their risk of?
What did the government updated place's dietary guidelines specifically recommend exercise to help avoid?
What are employers, restaurants, and the media?
What caved in to the sugar industry by rejecting language favored by its own panel of scientists calling on consumers to ``limit'' sugar intake?
What did the summit take just days after the government updated its dietary guidelines specifically recommended exercise to help avoid obesity?
What reaches epidemic proportions?
What does the nation's other great nutrition problem reach?
What did the government updated its dietary guidelines specifically recommend exercise to help avoid?
When did 30 senators sign a letter making the extraordinary argument that there is no proven link between sugar and obesity?
What forces many Americans to ask for help in finding their daily bread?
What was a public health leader in pointing to the obvious relationship between cigarettes and cancer?
What can government not seem to connect a candy bar with?
What did the federal government hold on nutrition 31 years ago?
What do the guidelines say Americans should ``moderate''?
What was hunger?
What did 85 percent report in a survey of mayors?
What did the government cave in to the sugar industry by rejecting language favored by its own panel of scientists calling on consumers to ``limit''?
When has the sugar processing industry contributed $1. 2 million to senators?
What say Americans should ``moderate'' their sugar consumption?
What followed a massive lobbying effort by the sugar processing industry?
What was the principal food problem?
Who was Government in pointing to the obvious relationship between cigarettes and cancer?
What is doing less than it could to improve American diets?
What do the guidelines say?
What specifically recommended exercise to help avoid obesity?
How many years does it do?
When does place do?
What raises their risk of heart disease, stroke, and diabetes?
What reported that requests for emergency food assistance had grown in a survey of mayors?
What is obesity?
Who signed a letter making the extraordinary argument that there is no proven link between sugar and obesity in March?
What has the sugar processing industry contributed to senators since 1995?
What does one fifth of all Americans raise?
What can government not seem to connect with an unhealthy paunch?
What are high housing costs the unevenness of?
Who does a combination of high housing costs force to ask for help in finding their daily bread?
What has been made in getting food to those who need it in three decades?
What did the wording change follow?
What does a combination of high housing costs force many Americans to ask for in finding their daily bread?
Who do the guidelines say should ``moderate'' their sugar consumption?
What are high housing costs?
What are the unevenness of the economic boom's benefits, and restrictions on food stamps and other programs?
What did the federal government hold its first summit meeting 31 years ago on?
What explore how schools can change the patterns of eating and inactivity that lead to obesity?
When does it do?
What did 85 percent report that requests for emergency food assistance had grown in?
Who has the sugar processing industry contributed $1. 2 million to since 1995?
What took place just days after the government updated its dietary guidelines specifically recommended exercise to help avoid obesity?
What found a twofold problem: hunger and obesity?
What held its first summit meeting on nutrition 31 years ago?
How many senators signed a letter making the extraordinary argument that there is no proven link between sugar and obesity in March?
What did 30 senators sign in March?
What were the proposed solutions?
What did the second national nutrition summit find?
What did the government cave in to by rejecting language favored by its own panel of scientists calling on consumers to ``limit'' sugar intake?
How many years does place do?
When has much progress been made in getting food to those who need it?
What are obese?
Who also suggests coming up with three new vegetarian recipes?
If anything, who hope people will think about those decisions before a health problem comes up?
What are grains daily?
What does ___ U. S. DIETARY guidelines Aim for?
When were the guidelines revised?
What were fruits and vegetables?
Who is the most recognizable symbol of those guidelines?
What does the ``Food Guide Pyramid'' spell out the recommended number of?
What does Stephanie DiBacco especially like?
What encourages a vegetarian diet?
What are the guidelines meant to incorporate while giving the country a dietary blueprint to follow?
What does the ``Food Guide Pyramid'' spell out?
What is Americans as?
Who especially likes those specific suggestions, as well as new language in the guidelines about the importance?
What does she know do not consult the guidelines before opening the refrigerator door, especially those recommendations that call for moderation in portion size and sugar intake?
What comes up?
What helps explain why the number of overweight adult Americans continues to grow?
If you drink alcoholic beverages, what should use generally be less than?
What does Stephanie DiBacco know?
How many years were the guidelines revised?
Who said, ``N. Y. _ Americans 're the primary sources of saturated fat and cholesterol in the diet''?
Who said, ``They make a far greater attempt this time to support whole grains''?
What exercise for adults and 60 minutes for children for the first time?
What set the stage two weeks ago for the first Nutrition Summit in 31 years and the release of new federal dietary guidelines?
What did Health and Human Services Secretary Donna Shalala say at. . . We have a serious weight problem?
If anything, what do nutritionists hope about?
What do ___ GUIDELINES OF THE PHYSICIANS COMMITTEE FOR RESPONSIBLE MEDICINE choose whole grains to meet?
What does she know most people do not consult before opening the refrigerator door, especially those recommendations that call for moderation in portion size and sugar intake?
What were whole grains?
What does PCRM encourage?
Who is the assistant director of patient services at the Albany Medical Center?
What is the ``Food Guide Pyramid''?
What has to make such a drastic change to reap the health benefits of eating more grains, legumes and vegetables?
Who was a New Jersey registered dietitian and a consultant with the Physicians Committee for Responsible Medicine?
What is the ``Food Guide Pyramid'' the most recognizable symbol of?
Who said, ``They really are not strong enough''?
What are considered too heavy?
What are whole grains?
When did those alarming statistics set the stage two weeks ago for the first Nutrition Summit?
What is no one expecting?
What is to focus attention on the problem of obesity in this country?
What was in 1969?
When do the guidelines emphasize physical activity exercise for adults and 60 minutes for children?
What was Anne Rogan a professor of at the Sage Colleges?
What did Health and Human Services Secretary Donna Shalala say at the opening of this year's summit. . . We have?
If anything, what do nutritionists hope people will think about before a health problem comes up?
Who do the guidelines emphasize physical activity exercise for for the first time?
Like most nutrition experts who is realistic?
Who are getting frustrated?
What are vegetables and legumes?
What does the group take to the recommended daily servings of dairy and meat?
What do ___ GUIDELINES OF THE PHYSICIANS COMMITTEE FOR RESPONSIBLE MEDICINE choose to meet nutrient needs?
Who is Stephanie DiBacco?
What was the Physicians Committee for Responsible Medicine?
What does not everyone have to make such a drastic change to reap?
What does Stephanie DiBacco know do not consult the guidelines before opening the refrigerator door, especially those recommendations that call for moderation in portion size and sugar intake?
Who knows most people do not consult the guidelines before opening the refrigerator door, especially those recommendations that call for moderation in portion size and sugar intake?
What is also at the heart of new dietary guidelines published in May?
What is Stephanie DiBacco the assistant director of at the Albany Medical Center?
What is like heart disease or obesity?
Who said, ``We do not make it a priority in our culture to eat well''?
What does not everyone have to make to reap the health benefits of eating more grains, legumes and vegetables?
What does Patricia R. Bertron also suggest coming up with?
What is the health problem like?
Who said, ``those specific suggestions make a far greater attempt this time to support whole grains''?
Who said, ``new federal dietary guidelines really are not strong enough''?
Who proposes making at least three of those meals vegetarian?
What takes exception to the recommended daily servings of dairy and meat?
What were revised every five years?
What is happy with the new guidelines?
Who said, ``Moderation is such an ugly word for Americans''?
Who is as a whole?
What are getting fatter?
What is not everyone happy with?
What is to think of the 10 meals you make most often in your home?
What was an advocacy group based in Washington that emphasizes preventive medicine and good nutrition?
What GUIDELINES Aim for a healthy weight?
Who spells out the recommended number of daily servings of vegetables, dairy, grains, meat and fruit?
What are meant to incorporate the latest advances in medical and scientific research while giving the country a dietary blueprint to follow?
Who was a professor of nutrition at the Sage Colleges?
When was the first nutrition summit?
What does she know?
Who was Anne Rogan?
What are fruits?
What does she also suggest coming up with?
If you drink alcoholic beverages, what should generally be less than one drink per day for women and less than two drinks per day for men?
What said at the opening of this year's summit. . . We have a serious weight problem?
What did those alarming statistics set the stage two weeks ago for in 31 years and the release of new federal dietary guidelines?
Who does Bertron propose making?
What are only guidelines, and the daily decision of what and how much to eat is an individual choice?
What does the group take exception to?
Who was Patricia R. Bertron?
What are not lying?
What did those alarming statistics set two weeks ago for the first Nutrition Summit in 31 years and the release of new federal dietary guidelines?
What is expecting any overnight miracles?
What is concern about expanding waistlines also at?
What does Stephanie DiBacco know most people do not consult before opening the refrigerator door, especially those recommendations that call for moderation in portion size and sugar intake?
What was aimed at reducing hunger and malnutrition?
Who said, ``Americans have to hear the message over and over again''?
Who said, ``They 're the primary sources of saturated fat and cholesterol in the diet''?
If anything, what do nutritionists hope will think about those decisions before a health problem comes up?
What Choose whole grains to meet nutrient needs?
What are guidelines only?
Who did Health and Human Services Secretary Donna Shalala say at the opening of this year's summit. . . have a serious weight problem?
What does the typical American-style croissant measure?
What is about 15 inches in circumference?
How many inches in circumference is the average Parisian croissant?
Who does Polk say have also morphed into calorie bombs since their immigration from Mexico?
What has U. S. fat intake dropped in the last 20 years from an average of 40 percent to?
Whose plain bagel is four ounces?
What boost the caloric content?
What weighs almost twice that?
What do french fries from McDonald's offer a clear example of?
What rarely eat bagels plain?
Who is a 10-inch flour tortilla filled with cheese in America?
What is four ounces?
When has the bagel ballooned?
Who estimates the typical American-style quesadilla contains more than 1,200 calories and 70 grams of fat?
What is a major reason people are getting bigger?
What the more spread can take?
What is the bagel seen as?
What were quesadillas &LR; and bagels?
How many small and close to its European cousins _ ounces did it stay even in its first 60 years in America?
Who says &LR; Quesadillas have also morphed into calorie bombs since their immigration from Mexico?
What have more than doubled in size?
What is Dunkin Donuts ' plain bagel?
Who says?
What did the item grow in size and calories when it was adapted for the American market in?
What is the most common quesadilla in America?
What has the average daily calorie intake risen from to 2,002?
What has the average daily calorie intake risen from 1,854 to?
What are common in northern Mexico?
When did it stay small and close to its European cousins _ about 11\/2 to two ounces?
What are nutritionists and researchers nudging out the concept of ``bad foods'' like soda and fat in favor of focusing on the huge portion issue In?
What do french fries from McDonald's offer?
What are nutritionists and researchers nudging out In other studies?
What are cheese and chicken in five-inch corn tortillas popular in?
What does the typical American-style croissant weigh almost?
What did it stay even in its first 60 years in America?
Who did &UR; &QL; &LR; &UR; SAN FRANCISCO _ &lr; may not be what we eat but how much we eat?
What are health experts and researchers naming?
What does Polk estimate the typical American-style quesadilla contains?
What did the institute also &lr;?
Who are commercial food portions?
Who offers a 41\/2-ounce ``Big and Crusty'' bagel?
How many ounces is Dunkin Donuts ' plain bagel?
What does Polk say &LR; Quesadillas have also morphed into since their immigration from Mexico?
What has U. S. fat intake dropped in the last 20 years from to 33 percent of calories consumed?
If exercise levels remain equal, what does that translate into?
What does Polk estimate contains more than 1,200 calories and 70 grams of fat?
What were recently &LR; surveyed croissants &LR;?
What are small corn tortillas filled with potato, cheese and beans common in?
How many inches does the typical American-style croissant measure?
Who says nearly 55 percent of Americans are overweight?
What weighs slightly more than an ounce?
What is a not-for-profit organization focusing on the link between diet and cancer?
What does an order of supersized fries have?
What does Melanie Polk say calls to eliminate certain foods is not?
Who is Melanie Polk?
What did a small order _ the only one available _ have?
Who is a registered dietitian with the American Institute for Cancer Research?
What do adding fat-laden spreads like cream cheese and peanut butter boost?
When did the bagel stay small and close to its European cousins _ about 11\/2 to two ounces?
What is the most common quesadilla a 10-inch flour tortilla filled with cheese in?
What does Polk estimate?
What is that their servings have gotten larger?
Who are ``supersizing'' as a leading cause of obesity?
What did the bagel stay even in its first 60 years in America?
Who says calls to eliminate certain foods is not a practical way to help children or adults lose weight?
What grew in size and calories when it was adapted for the American market in each case?
Who does Melanie Polk say are overweight?
Where are small corn tortillas filled with potato, cheese and beans common?
When has U. S. fat intake dropped from an average of 40 percent to 33 percent of calories consumed?
What has ballooned since its birth in Eastern Europe?
When did the company begin selling french fries?
What does the average Parisian croissant weigh slightly more than?
Where is the most common quesadilla a 10-inch flour tortilla filled with cheese?
Who are nudging out the concept of ``bad foods'' like soda and fat in favor of focusing on the huge portion issue In other studies?
What does National bagel-maker Lender offer?
What did &UR; &QL; &LR; &UR; SAN FRANCISCO _ &lr;?
What has dropped in the last 20 years from an average of 40 percent to 33 percent of calories consumed?
What does Polk say &LR; Quesadillas have also morphed into calorie bombs since from Mexico?
What were popular &LR; American &LR; foods adopted from other countries?
What does she say calls to eliminate certain foods is not?
What is Cancer Research?
Who offer a clear example of the phenomenon?
What does she say is not a practical way to help children or adults lose weight?
What did the item grow in when it was adapted for the American market in each case?
How many calories and 12 grams of fat did a small order _ the only one available _ have?
What &LR; The culprit behind America's weight problem may not be what we eat but how much we eat?
What stayed small and close to its European cousins _ about 11\/2 to two ounces even in its first 60 years in America?
What have some bagels more than doubled in?
What is seen as a healthy alternative to fattier breakfast pastries?
What has risen from 1,854 to 2,002?
What are popular in other parts?
How many calories and 26 grams of fat does an order of supersized fries have?
What does Polk say &LR; Quesadillas have also morphed into calorie bombs since their immigration from?
If exercise levels remain equal, what translates into a weight gain of 15 pounds a year?
What is the average Parisian croissant?
What has 540 calories and 26 grams of fat?
How many small and close to its European cousins _ ounces did the bagel stay even in its first 60 years in America?
What does Melanie Polk say is not a practical way to help children or adults lose weight?
What began selling french fries in the 1950s?
What are a major culprit?
Who are naming the nation's penchant for large portions?
What also &LR; recently &LR; surveyed croissants &LR;?
What are health experts and researchers ``supersizing'' as?
What had 220 calories and 12 grams of fat?
How many calories and 70 grams of fat does Polk estimate the typical American-style quesadilla contains?
Who did the company begin selling in the 1950s?
What measures 181\/2 inches?
What pointed out that genetic factors are not to blame for oversized Americans?
Who did this point out that genetic factors are not to blame for?
What did they offer several options to prevent?
Who said the root cause is a sedentary lifestyle combined with the ready availability of tasty, calorie-and-fat-rich food?
What did they say is a sedentary lifestyle combined with the ready availability of tasty, calorie-and-fat-rich food?
What did they say?
What must be recognized as the serious public health problem?
Who need to be encouraged to eat low-calorie, low-fat foods too?
What do schools need to schedule for youngsters?
What is obese?
Who pointed out that genetic factors are not to blame for oversized Americans?
What did they offer to prevent obesity?
What did this offer several options to prevent?
What said the root cause is a sedentary lifestyle combined with the ready availability of tasty, calorie-and-fat-rich food?
What offered several options to prevent obesity?
Who did they point out for?
What did four say is a sedentary lifestyle combined with the ready availability of tasty, calorie-and-fat-rich food?
Who did this point out for?
Who do schools need to schedule more activity for?
What wrote, ``This is especially evident in the so-called fast food restaurants where super sizing of menu items is commonplace''?
When is LOS ANGELES?
What did four say the root cause is?
Who offered several options to prevent obesity?
What did four say?
What is May 28?
What did they say the root cause is?
Who wrote, ``This is especially evident in the so-called fast food restaurants where super sizing of menu items is commonplace''?
What need to schedule more activity for youngsters?
What did this offer to prevent obesity?
Who did they point out that genetic factors are not to blame for?
Who must be educated to eat foods low in fat, such as fruit, vegetables and whole grains in restaurants and grocery stores?
What must obesity be recognized as?
What were assessed by telephone surveys conducted every other year starting in 1989?
What did nearly half of Californians who ate out on an average day choose in 1989?
What is a known risk factor for adult-onset diabetes, heart disease, and some types of cancer?
What came from a separate yearly report conducted every year since 1984?
What is the new study based on?
What did the rate of diabetes rise during the same period?
When is LOS ANGELES?
When did nearly half of Californians who ate out on an average day choose a fast-food restaurant, up from one- third?
What did the number of Californians who are overweight or obese jump?
What does LOS ANGELES show over?
Who chose a fast-food restaurant, up from one- third in 1989?
When did the rate of diabetes rise 25 percent?
What is based on two surveys?
What were dietary habits assessed by?
Who jumped 50 percent between 1984 and 1997?
What did information on weight and physical activity come from?
When rose 25 percent during the same period?
What is September 24-- A new study released Friday?
What is Obesity?
What shows that most California residents are choosing fast-food over more nutritious choices-- and are paying for it with soaring rates of obesity?
What are 300,000 deaths a year attributed to?
Who did the other study examine the health and economic benefits of sustained moderate weight loss of 10 percent among?
What are based on data relating to a person's degree of obesity to a person's risks of five major diseases-- coronary heart disease stroke?
What is increasingly being viewed as a chronic disease by medical professionals?
What did both studies examine that even a modest amount of weight loss can confer for patients?
Who did both studies examine the individual risks and the benefits that even a modest amount of weight loss can confer for?
What does the first study report?
What is the leading cause of death in the United States?
What is type 2 diabetes?
What are attributed to obesity?
What is body mass index calculated by dividing weight in kilograms by?
What did the researchers report that moderate weight loss would substantially reduce the expected number of years of life?
What was published in the October issue of the American Journal of Public Health?
What is the first study published in?
What is heart disease the leading cause of?
What is high blood pressure and high blood cholesterol?
What is coronary heart disease?
What examined the health and economic benefits of sustained moderate weight loss of 10 percent among persons who are overweight or obese?
What was obesity measured in in these studies?
Who reported that moderate weight loss would substantially reduce the expected number of years of life that people would have hypertension, type 2 diabetes and hypercholesterolemia?
When did the researchers report that moderate weight loss would substantially reduce the expected number that people would have hypertension, type 2 diabetes and hypercholesterolemia?
What was estimated to be reduced by 12 to 38 cases per 1,000 persons, and that of stroke by one to 13 cases per 1,000?
Who is Obesity increasingly being viewed as a chronic disease by?
How many deaths a year are attributed to obesity?
What is Policy Analysis Inc.?
What is obesity to their risks of five major diseases-- coronary heart disease stroke?
What has Obesity been established by as a major, modifiable risk factor for heart disease?
What are based on data relating to a person's degree of obesity to their risks of five major diseases-- coronary heart disease stroke?
What has Obesity been established by the American Heart Association as?
What are risks even greater among?
What examined the individual risks and the benefits that even a modest amount of weight loss can confer for patients?
What are the studies based on?
What did the other study examine the health and economic benefits of among persons who are overweight or obese?
What is heart disease?
Who is a health economic research firm?
What does the first study report that persons with high BMIs have?
What did the other study examine among persons who are overweight or obese?
When did the researchers report that moderate weight loss would substantially reduce that people would have hypertension, type 2 diabetes and hypercholesterolemia?
What was the other study published in?
What is Obesity increasingly being viewed as by medical professionals?
What did the researchers report that moderate weight loss would substantially reduce the expected number of years of life that people would have?
What are even greater among those who are severely obese?
What is obesity to a person's risks of five major diseases-- coronary heart disease stroke?
What is calculated by dividing weight in kilograms by the square of height in meters?
When did the researchers report?
What is published in Monday's issue of Archives of Internal Medicine?
What reports that persons with high BMIs have higher lifetime risks of obesity-related diseases?
Who did both studies examine the individual risks and the benefits for?
What has been established by the American Heart Association as a major, modifiable risk factor for heart disease?
What does the first study report that persons with high BMIs have higher lifetime risks of?
What was measured in terms of body mass index in these studies?
What was obesity measured in terms of body mass index in?
