What did Vice President Al Gore note in?
Who said since the start of President Clinton's administration more blacks have become home and business owners as well as federal judges than ever before?
When did Gore tell about 500 people at a dinner sponsored by the Congressional Black Caucus the country needs?
Who has Gore already named?
Who did President Clinton say since the start of President Clinton's administration more blacks have become home and business owners as well as than ever before?
What did he say since the start of President Clinton's administration have become home and business owners as well as federal judges than ever before?
Who already has named several key campaign officials?
What appealed to black members of Congress and their guests Wednesday night to help turn out voters next year to return control of the House to Democrats?
What did Vice President Al Gore note that a turnover of the House from Republican to Democratic control in the 2000 election would put blacks in?
Who said despite the achievements, too many are still without adequate health care or are forced to learn in crumbling buildings?
What did Gore tell about 500 people at the country needs ``more political maturity,'' not attempts to eliminate affirmative action programs?
Where did Gore say ?
Who did he say also remain twice as likely to die at birth or from HIV\/AIDS, or to be unemployed?
What did Gore say ``in''?
Who did he say since the start of President Clinton's administration more blacks have become as well as federal judges than ever before?
What did he note in?
What did Gore say ``We do not need in America''?
Who said Blacks also remain twice as likely to die at birth or from HIV\/AIDS, or to be unemployed?
What did Gore say ``We do not need more division in''?
Who did WASHINGTON-- Vice President Al Gore appeal to Wednesday night to help turn out voters next year to keep a Democrat in the White House?
Who did Gore say ``do not need more division in America''?
What did Gore add to?
What appealed to black members of Congress and their guests Wednesday night to help turn out voters next year to keep a Democrat in the White House?
Who did President Clinton say since the start of President Clinton's administration more blacks have become as well as federal judges than ever before?
What did President Clinton say despite the achievements, are still without adequate health care or are forced to learn in crumbling buildings?
What did he note that a turnover of the House from Republican to Democratic control in the 2000 election would put in key committee chairmanships?
What did he say since more blacks have become home and business owners as well as federal judges than ever before?
What has Gore already formed for seeking the Democratic presidential nomination next year?
Who noted that a turnover of the House from Republican to Democratic control in the 2000 election would put blacks in key committee chairmanships?
Who already has formed committees for seeking the Democratic presidential nomination next year?
Who did he say since the start of President Clinton's administration more blacks have become home and business owners as well as than ever before?
What did President Clinton say since the start of President Clinton's administration have become home and business owners as well as federal judges than ever before?
What was overcrowded schools?
What was crumbling?
What did he say despite the achievements, are still without adequate health care or are forced to learn in crumbling buildings?
Who said ``We do not need more division in America''?
What did Gore tell at a dinner sponsored by the Congressional Black Caucus the country needs ``more political maturity,'' not attempts to eliminate affirmative action programs?
What did Vice President Al Gore note that a turnover of the House from Republican to Democratic control in the 2000 election would put in key committee chairmanships?
Who did President Clinton say also remain twice as likely to die at birth or from HIV\/AIDS, or to be unemployed?
Who did WASHINGTON-- Vice President Al Gore appeal to Wednesday night to help turn out voters next year to return control of the House to Democrats?
What did he say despite, too many are still without adequate health care or are forced to learn in crumbling buildings?
What did President Clinton say despite, too many are still without adequate health care or are forced to learn in crumbling buildings?
What did he note that a turnover of the House from Republican to Democratic control in the 2000 election would put blacks in?
Who added that that his vision of the nation in the new millennium is that of a place ``committed to justice as well as prosperity''?
What did President Clinton say since more blacks have become home and business owners as well as federal judges than ever before?
Where did Gore say ``We do not need more division''?
What found nearly half of independent voters?
Who did the same poll show that 76 percent of independents and 53 percent of Democrats said for?
Who is the only announced challenger for the party's presidential nomination?
What did Gore work from to lay claim to a series of bite-size initiatives popular among suburban voters?
Who is the early favorite for the Republican nomination?
Who did the same poll show that 76 percent of independents and 53 percent of Democrats said they would consider voting for?
What offer hints at weakness?
Who did a Pew Research Center survey find?
What did Gore hope to develop about Iowa and a later stop's nomination even before he formally announces his candidacy?
What did Gore say in an interview with The Associated Press?
What did Gore claim that he created?
What did the same poll show that 76 percent of independents and 53 percent of Democrats said would consider voting for Bush?
Who raised their hands high?
What reflects the desire of top Democrats to set their sights on winning both the House and White House in November 2000?
Who lags in polls?
Who do Republicans say will not escape Clinton's policies or controversies?
What do Gore 'm not sure about?
Who was David Rohde?
Where did he promise to return to campaign in living rooms and coffee shops?
Whose endorsement did David Rohde say of, ``It's a reflection of reality''?
Who 'm not sure about that ribbon-cutting strategy?
What does House Minority Leader Dick Gephardt and party stalwarts think?
Who does Gore promise to push further?
How many states that cast the earliest votes in 2000 did the pair hit in one day?
What's better to be part of a team than to hold back?
Whose campaign saved the announcement until Gore could get the greatest attention for it?
What showed that 76 percent of independents and 53 percent of Democrats said they would consider voting for Bush?
Who worked from the White House to lay claim to a series of bite-size initiatives popular among suburban voters?
What saved the announcement until they could get the greatest attention for it?
Who claimed that he created the Internet?
What did he promise to return to to campaign in living rooms and coffee shops?
Who hugged after their speeches?
What did Gore hope to develop a sense of about Iowa and a later stop's nomination even before he formally announces his candidacy?
Who does House Minority Leader Dick Gephardt and party stalwarts think Gore will be?
What does Bradley lag in?
Who did not mention Bush?
What do Republicans say Gore will not escape?
Who does not want to join us in bringing radical change to public education?
Whose energies did the Missouri lawmaker opt out of the presidential race Feb. 3 to focus on becoming speaker of the House?
What does it's better to be part of than to hold back?
What did Gore criticize?''
What was David Rohde a professor of at the University of Michigan?
Whose announcement reflects the desire of top Democrats to settle the presidential nomination early?
What did Gephardt and Gore hug after?
What did he claim?
Who did Gore not mention?
Who hoped to develop a sense of inevitability about Iowa and a later stop's nomination even before he formally announces his candidacy?
What does Gore need to leave?
What could get the greatest attention for it?
Who will formally declare his candidacy later this year?
Who did the pair head next to?
Who long ago pledged to help Gore get elected?
Who did Gore lock down the endorsements of in Iowa during the three-state swing?
Who said that one makes me nervous?
Whose announcement reflects the desire of top Democrats to set their sights on winning both the House and White House in November 2000?
What did David Rohde say of, ``the pair's a reflection of reality''?
Whose endorsement did David Rohde say of, ``the pair's a reflection of reality''?
What did Vice President Al Gore promise to return to to campaign in living rooms and coffee shops?
What were Vice President Al Gore?
What was MANCHESTER?
Who are still neutral?
Who did 16 percent of likely Democratic voters say for?
What do we need?
What did Gore prove last week that he can make?
What did Gore prove last week?
Whose campaign saved the announcement until they could get the greatest attention for it?
What is Texas Gov. George W. Bush?
Who did Gore say is taking nothing for granted in an interview with The Associated Press?
Who did Gephardt tell Gore over lunch that he would endorse?
What do the same polls that show Gore with a wide lead over Bradley offer?
Who said, ``He is the Velcro to Clinton's Teflon''?
What is he buoyed by?
When did the Missouri lawmaker opt out of the presidential race to focus his energies on becoming speaker of the House?
Who does he and everyone else think will be the nominee?
Who said he will ``face entirely new challenges''?
Who gave Republicans reason to howl?
What did Gore's campaign save until they could get the greatest attention for it?
Who opted out of the presidential race Feb. 3 to focus his energies on becoming speaker of the House?
What did Gore hope to develop a sense of about his nomination even before he formally announces his candidacy?
When did Gore prove that he can make mistakes?
Who was a professor of political science at the University of Michigan?
Who did the same poll show that 76 percent of independents and 53 percent of Democrats said would consider voting for Bush?
What did Gephardt tell Gore over that he would endorse him?
What did Gore claim?
Who said, ``I welcome a spirited contest''?
What saved the announcement until Gore could get the greatest attention for it?
What did David Rohde say of, ``It's a reflection of reality''?
What does Gore promise to push further?
Who is said to be leaning heavily toward Gore?
What could Gore get for it?
Who said that one makes Gore nervous?
Who need new answers?
What does Bradley hope to build?
What did Gephardt tell Gore over lunch?
Whose side to promote President Clinton's own agenda does Gore need to leave?
Where did Vice President Al Gore promise to return to campaign in living rooms and coffee shops?
What did Axelrod say makes Gore nervous?
What does it's better to be than to hold back?
What headed next to Iowa?
What did MANCHESTER secure from the early battleground states of New Hampshire and Iowa?
What were I?
Who do you not want to join in bringing radical change to public education?
What could Gore get the greatest attention for?
What does everyone else's better to be than to hold back?
Who formally announces Iowa and a later stop's candidacy?
Who said, ``We 've got to have a nominee who can win''?
What did he promise to return to both states to in living rooms and coffee shops?
What has Clinton pressed?
Who needs to leave Clinton's side to promote President Clinton's own agenda?
What did Gore's campaign save until Gore could get the greatest attention for it?
Who did Gore say will ``face entirely new challenges''?
What did he promise to return to both states to campaign in?
What reflects the desire of top Democrats to settle the presidential nomination early?
What may enter the fray?
What could they get for it?
What did 16 percent of likely Democratic voters say had ruled out voting for Gore?
What does he and everyone else think?
What do I 'm not sure about?
What do Republicans say?
What was evident at a New Hampshire news conference?
Who needs to leave Clinton's side to promote his own agenda?
Who thinks Gore will be the nominee?
What does he formally announce?
What was the difficulty of this balancing act evident at?
Who said he is taking nothing for granted in an interview with The Associated Press?
What did Gore hope to develop about his nomination even before he formally announces his candidacy?
Who does he and everyone else think Gore will be?
Who did MANCHESTER secure the endorsements Monday of from the early battleground states of New Hampshire and Iowa?
Who 'mes not sure about that ribbon-cutting strategy?
Who promises to push them further?
Who said of Gephardt's endorsement, ``the pair's a reflection of reality''?
Who hopes to build a resurgent campaign that catches fire at the grass roots?
Who plans to capitalize on the popularity of Clinton initiatives while at the same time distinguishing himself from his boss?
What did Gore lock down in Iowa during the three-state swing?
Who told Gore over lunch that he would endorse him?
Who were the Gore campaign?
Who wants?
What did he claim that he created?
What hit in one day the two states that cast the earliest votes in 2000?
What did Gore say he is taking nothing for granted in?
Who did President Clinton long ago pledge to help get elected?
Who said of Gephardt's endorsement, ``It's a reflection of reality''?
Who guaranteed his understudy an advantage not always bestowed upon vice presidents?
What did Gore say he will ``face''?
Whose side to promote his own agenda does he need to leave?
Who opted out of the presidential race Feb. 3 to focus Vice President Al Gore's energies on becoming speaker of the House?
What did the pair hit in one day?
What did Gore work from the White House to lay to a series of bite-size initiatives popular among suburban voters?
Who did 16 percent of likely Democratic voters say had ruled out voting for Gore?
What did Gore say?
Who hoped to develop a sense of inevitability about his nomination even before he formally announces his candidacy?
What did Gore say he is taking for granted in an interview with The Associated Press?
When did Gore criticize his father's ``failed prescriptions?''
Who said they had ruled out voting for Gore?
Who could get the greatest attention for it?
What did Gore lock down the endorsements of Bill Shaheen, husband of New Hampshire Gov. Jeanne Shaheen, and prominent Democrats in Iowa during?
What could they get the greatest attention for?
What did MANCHESTER secure the endorsements Monday of House Minority Leader Dick Gephardt and party stalwarts from?
Who does Gephardt's announcement reflect the desire of to settle the presidential nomination early?
Who has pressed those ideas?
Who proved last week that he can make mistakes?
What does everyone else's better to be part of than to hold back?
Who does House Minority Leader Dick Gephardt and party stalwarts think will be the nominee?
What did Gephardt and Gore raise high?
What did Axelrod say makes me nervous?
What does Gore plan to capitalize on while at the same time distinguishing himself from his boss?
What did Vice President Al Gore promise to return to both states to in living rooms and coffee shops?
Who said, ``Gore is the Velcro to Clinton's Teflon''?
Who say Gore will not escape Clinton's policies or controversies?
Who does Gephardt's announcement reflect the desire of to set their sights on winning both the House and White House in November 2000?
Who did the same poll show for?
Who did a Pew Research Center survey find nearly half of?
What did the Missouri lawmaker opt out of the presidential race Feb. 3 to focus on becoming speaker of the House?
Who promises to push those ideas further?
What did Vice President Al Gore promise to return to both states to campaign in?
Who is Former New Jersey Sen. Bill Bradley?
What was N. H.?
Who were such as promising to ease traffic jams?
What may civil rights activist Jesse Jackson enter?
What does he need to leave?
What does Vice President Al Gore formally announce?
Who criticized his father's ``failed prescriptions of the past?''
When did the Missouri lawmaker opt out of the presidential race to focus Vice President Al Gore's energies on becoming speaker of the House?
Who locked down the endorsements of Bill Shaheen, husband of New Hampshire Gov. Jeanne Shaheen, and prominent Democrats in Iowa during the three-state swing?
What did Gore work from the White House to lay claim to?
What is Former New Jersey Sen. Bill Bradley buoyed by?
What did Gore hope to develop a sense of inevitability about even before he formally announces his candidacy?
Who say?
What secured the endorsements Monday of House Minority Leader Dick Gephardt and party stalwarts from the early battleground states of New Hampshire and Iowa?
Who did Gephardt tell over lunch that he would endorse him?
What does Gephardt's announcement reflect?
When did the pair hit the two states that cast the earliest votes in 2000?
Who is buoyed by evidence of potential Gore weakness in the general election?
Who did Gore lock down the endorsements of Bill Shaheen, husband of New Hampshire Gov. Jeanne Shaheen, and prominent Democrats in during the three-state swing?
Who did Axelrod say that one makes nervous?
Who formally announces his candidacy?
Who promised to return to both states to campaign in living rooms and coffee shops?
What did Vice President Al Gore on Saturday spend Saturday meeting with voters in?
Who has trailed two Republicans?
Who said they found Gore more exciting than his reputation?
Who stressed saving Medicare and Social Security, the environment, and education?
Who joined some diners in their booths?
Who was his state campaign manager and Gov. Jeanne Shaheen's husband?
Who did several voters who met Gore this weekend say found Gore more exciting than his reputation?
Who did Gore surprise with a Saturday stop at the Capitol City Diner?
What did Vice President Al Gore on Saturday tell some diners?
What did Gore address?
Who has he trailed?
Who addressed a forum on home health care in Portsmouth?
What did Gore speak at on Friday?
What took his presidential campaign to a living room that helped launch Jimmy Carter and Bill Clinton into the White House?
When did Gore speak at a Democratic dinner in Conway?
What said Gore visited in 1988?
What did several voters who met Gore this weekend say found Gore more exciting than his reputation?
Who did Vice President Al Gore on Saturday tell he wants to raise the minimum wage and help the homeless?
Who is former American Red Cross?
What did Gore stress saving?
What did Gore greet about 70 people in?
Who came here before winning the 1976 primary?
What did CONCORD take Vice President Al Gore on Saturday's presidential campaign to?
Who was Bill Shaheen?
Where did Gore greet about 70 people?
Who have recent polls shown that while most Americans are pleased with Gore's performance as vice president, they do not see as a strong leader?
Who are pleased with Gore's performance as vice president?
Who did he tell he wants to raise the minimum wage and help the homeless?
Who did several voters who met Gore this weekend say they found more exciting than his reputation?
What have recent polls shown with?
What was N. H. -- Vice President Al Gore on Saturday?
Whose performance are most Americans pleased with as vice president?
Who did Gore surprise customers with a Saturday stop at?
Who said, ``This is what Vice President Al Gore on Saturday needs to do''?
What did several voters who met Gore this weekend say than?
Where did Vice President Al Gore on Saturday spend Saturday meeting with voters?
Who is President Elizabeth Dole and Texas Gov. George W. Bush?
What took Vice President Al Gore on Saturday's presidential campaign to a living room that helped launch Jimmy Carter and Bill Clinton into the White House?
What said, ``No Democratic presidential candidate who has campaigned in this house has failed to get elected president at some point''?
What did O'Connell say, ``People think''?
What did he tell them?
What did CONCORD take his presidential campaign to?
What did Clinton visit before placing a welcomed second in the 1992 state primary?
What did Bill Shaheen say, ``This is''?
Who did Gross say visited in 1988?
When did he spend meeting with voters in homes in Concord, Manchester and Nashua?
Who spent Saturday meeting with voters in homes in Concord, Manchester and Nashua?
Who visited the residence before placing a welcomed second in the 1992 state primary?
What did CONCORD take to a living room that helped launch Jimmy Carter and Bill Clinton into the White House?
What did Vice President Al Gore on Saturday join some diners in?
What did he spend Saturday meeting with voters in?
Who have recent polls shown that while most Americans are pleased with Gore's performance as vice president, they do not see him as?
Where did he spend Saturday meeting with voters?
Who did he join in their booths?
Who are most Americans pleased with Gore's performance as?
What did he join some diners in?
When did Gore surprise customers at the Capitol City Diner?
What did he tell he wants to raise the minimum wage and help the homeless?
What did several voters who met Gore this weekend say they found Gore more exciting than?
What are most Americans pleased with as vice president?
Who told them he wants to raise the minimum wage and help the homeless?
When did Vice President Al Gore on Saturday spend meeting with voters in homes in Concord, Manchester and Nashua?
Who was Vice President Al Gore on Saturday's state campaign manager and Gov. Jeanne Shaheen's husband?
Who surprised customers with a Saturday stop at the Capitol City Diner?
How many people did Gore greet in the home of Democratic activist and former Mayor Martin Gross?
Who did throughout his two-day stay in New Hampshire?
Who greeted about 70 people in the home of Democratic activist and former Mayor Martin Gross?
When did Gross say Gore visited?
Who is two Republicans?
Who said, ``People think he's a little wooden, but it's not true''?
Who told some diners he wants to raise the minimum wage and help the homeless?
Who spoke at a Democratic dinner in Conway on Friday?
What is two Republicans?
Who said, ``This is what he needs to do''?
Who did he tell them wants to raise the minimum wage and help the homeless?
Who did Vice President Al Gore on Saturday join in their booths?
What did Gore greet in the home of Democratic activist and former Mayor Martin Gross?
What was CONCORD?
Whose performance have recent polls shown with?
Who did Vice President Al Gore on Saturday tell some diners wants to raise the minimum wage and help the homeless?
What did he do throughout?
What did Vice President Al Gore on Saturday do throughout?
What have shown that while most Americans are pleased with Gore's performance as vice president, they do not see him as a strong leader?
What is criticized for not having enough women in his inner circle?
What asked not to be identified?
What will make Spector?
Who was Spector?
What was Spector involved in before that?
What was to be announced Friday?
Whose inner circle has been dominated by men?
Who will the job make?
Who has heard criticism from his own party about his inner circle?
What was Spector deputy communications director of?
What was Spector involved in several national political campaigns before?
What has Gore heard criticism from his own party about?
Who was deputy communications director of the 1996 Clinton-Gore campaign?
Who was deputy communications director at the White House?
What has hired a veteran female strategist to be his deputy campaign manager for his 2000 presidential bid?
What is criticized for not having enough women in a veteran female strategist's inner circle?
Who was Stacie Spector?
What has been dominated by men?
When did campaign sources say?
Who has WASHINGTON-- Vice President Al Gore hired a veteran female strategist to be?
What has Gore heard about his inner circle?
Who has Vice President Al Gore's inner circle been dominated by?
Who has WASHINGTON-- Vice President Al Gore hired to be his deputy campaign manager for his 2000 presidential bid?
What said Thursday?
Who has his inner circle been dominated by?
Who was involved in several national political campaigns before that?
Who is an at-large member of Democratic National Committee and an adjunct professor at the University of Maryland?
What has appointed a campaign pro with local Washington connections as its political director?
Who has been criticized within the party for lacking more women in his inner circle of advisers?
What did Eleanor Holmes Norton do in?
What is Brazile an at-large member of?
What will Eleanor Holmes Norton be responsible for political outreach efforts as?
Who did in the 1996 and 1998 campaigns?
Who was national field director for Rep. Dick Gephardt's 1988 presidential campaign?
Who also works as a consultant to the Democratic Congressional Campaign Committee?
Who does Eleanor Holmes Norton also work as?
What will she be responsible for as Gore's political director and deputy campaign manager?
Who has WASHINGTON-- Vice President Al Gore's 2000 campaign appointed a campaign pro with local Washington connections as?
Who will be responsible for political outreach efforts as Gore's political director and deputy campaign manager?
What will Eleanor Holmes Norton be responsible for as Gore's political director and deputy campaign manager?
Who was Eleanor Holmes Norton of the District of Columbia, ?
What did she do in?
What will she be responsible for political outreach efforts as?
What is Brazile?
What has Gore been criticized within for lacking more women in his inner circle of advisers?
Who will Brazile join Tina Flournoy as?
Who will Brazile join as the second black woman in a senior role?
What has WASHINGTON-- Vice President Al Gore's 2000 campaign appointed a campaign pro with as its political director?
Who does she also work as?
Who will join Tina Flournoy as the second black woman in a senior role?
Who did Vice President Al Gore recall?
Who said his family is ``one of millions that knows firsthand'' about the Balkans ' role in world stability?
What did Vice President Al Gore say his family is ``one of'' about the Balkans ' role in world stability?
What has Gore raised?
Who spoke to about 450 Democratic supporters gathered at a $1,000-per-plate dinner?
Who has not officially announced his campaign for the 2000 Democratic nomination?
What did Vice President Al Gore say his family is ``one of millions that knows firsthand'' about?
What did Vice President Al Gore say his family is about the Balkans ' role in world stability?
Who did Gore say Friday night at the answer given by the people of the United States of America is no?
Who did Gore speak to?
What did Vice President Al Gore say is ``one of millions that knows firsthand'' about the Balkans ' role in world stability?
Who said Friday night at his first Tennessee fund-raiser for the 2000 presidential election the answer given by the people of the United States of America is no?
What has Gore not officially announced his campaign for?
Who is expected to spend this weekend campaigning in New Hampshire?
What has Gore not officially announced for the 2000 Democratic nomination?
What did Gore say Friday night at his first Tennessee fund-raiser for the 2000 presidential election is no?
Where did Gore promise to get Kosovar refugees ``back?''
Who recalled an uncle who suffered poison gas exposure in World War I?
What did Gore promise to get Kosovar refugees ``back to?''
Who has raised $8. 9 million?
Who did Gore promise to get ``back to their homes?''
When did Gore say at his first Tennessee fund-raiser for the 2000 presidential election the answer given by the people of the United States of America is no?
Who promised to get Kosovar refugees ``back to their homes?''
What did Vice President Al Gore say about?
How many people attended the fund-raiser for Gore from the visit?
Who did last week ask to approve assistance from the Federal Emergency Management Agency for families, businesses and local governments in the tornado-damaged areas?
What is the long hours?
What has not been calculated?
What is it under right now at FEMA?
What is the response?
What did MONTGOMERY commiserate with?
Who did about 80 people attend from the visit?
What did about 80 people attend the fund-raiser for Gore from?
Who trinkets that she had recovered from the rubble of her home?
Who ate lunch with contributors to his 2000 presidential campaign?
Who was Ohio-- Vice President Al Gore?
What 'd I like to do with?
What did Mrs. Arshonsky show Gore?
What is last week under intensive review right now at?
What did a spokesman for his presidential campaign say?
What has been put at $66 million by the Ohio Insurance Institute?
Who said the campaign expected to net about $150,000 at Gore?
Who told Laurie Arshonsky, ``I 'm sorry for what you all have been through''?
What did Mrs. Arshonsky show Gore a handful of?
What is under intensive review right now at FEMA?
Who did Gore say Monday ``was truly inspired by the way everybody pulled together''?
What has insured damage been put at $66 million by?
What did the vice president visit?
Who showed Gore a handful of jewelry?
What is the hard work?
Who was destroyed?
Who did Gore tell, ``I 'm sorry for what you all have been through''?
What is the organization?
What did a spokesman for the vice president's presidential campaign say?
What does Mrs. Arshonsky trinkets that she had recovered from?
Who are the business owners?
What died?
What did last week ask President Clinton to approve from the Federal Emergency Management Agency for families, businesses and local governments in the tornado-damaged areas?
What does Mrs. Arshonsky trinkets from?
When is the hard work?
What is it under intensive review right now at?
What did the vice president eat with contributors to his 2000 presidential campaign?
Who commiserated with those who lost their homes and businesses when a killer tornado tore through suburban Cincinnati earlier this month?
When did Gore say ``I was truly inspired by the way everybody pulled together''?
What attended the fund-raiser for Gore from the visit?
What did Gore say Monday ``I was truly inspired by the way''?
What did Gore say Monday ``by''?
Who did the vice president eat lunch with?
What is last week under right now at FEMA?
What was MONTGOMERY?
What did last week ask President Clinton to approve assistance from?
What did Gore say Monday ``I was truly inspired by everybody pulled together''?
Who are the homeowners?
What did Gore say Monday ``I was truly inspired by the way pulled together''?
Who 'd like to do with my garden?
When is under intensive review right now at FEMA?
Who said Monday ``I was truly inspired by the way everybody pulled together''?
What has insured damage been put at by the Ohio Insurance Institute?
When asked President Clinton to approve assistance from the Federal Emergency Management Agency for families, businesses and local governments in the tornado-damaged areas?
How many people died?
Who said, ``every one is unique and different''?
Who said?
Whose work did Gore say as the mostly female crowd waved ``Gore 2000'' placards or mini-American flags, ``I know''?
Who did Hillary Rodham Clinton tell at a downtown hotel ``Al Gore has been out in front for women''?
Who does Gore trail among by 10 points-- 52 percent to 42 percent?
What did Gore say he wants to extend leave law ``so parents can meet with children's children's teacher without fearing the loss of their job?''
Whose teacher can parents meet with without fearing the loss of their job?
Who will Gore officially announce his candidacy for the nation's top job on June 16 in?
What do we know from?
What did women say were less likely to vote for Gore if Clinton actively supports and campaigns for him by a 50 percent to 32 percent margin?
What do the support that President Clinton had enjoyed among women inherit women are expected to play?
What did she say ``As we know from past elections win'' ``As we know from past elections Democrats win''?
What will Gore officially announce his candidacy for in Carthage according to spokesman Roger Salazar?
Who is now?
What is that?
Who noted the importance of women to Hillary Rodham Clinton's husband's campaign?
Who said he wants to extend the family leave law ``so parents can meet with children's children's teacher without fearing the loss of their job?''
What did Hillary Rodham Clinton tell several hundred women at ``Al Gore has been out in front for women''?
Who did Gore say with?''
Who said as the mostly female crowd waved ``Gore 2000'' placards or mini-American flags, ``I know our work is not done''?
Whose vote 55 percent to 37 percent in 1996 did his focus on family issues help him win?
What do I hope?
What do women need?
Who promised additional family-friendly policies as president?
Who were former governors?
What did women say they were less likely to vote for Gore if Clinton actively supports and campaigns for him by?
What did Vice President Al Gore seek to rally women behind?
What is the site of the Gore family farm?
What were Rep. Sheila Jackson Lee of D-Texas; Del. among?
Who need the importance of women's help to share with the country Vice President Al Gore's vision?
Whose focus on family issues helped him win the women's vote 55 percent to 37 percent in 1996?
What do women need the importance of women's help to?
What is he?
Who did women say were less likely to vote for Gore if Clinton actively supports and campaigns for him by a 50 percent to 32 percent margin?
Who do the support that President Clinton had enjoyed among them inherit is seeking to?
Who did Vice President Al Gore's focus on family issues help win the women's vote 55 percent to 37 percent in 1996?
What said they were less likely to vote for Gore if Clinton actively supports and campaigns for him by a 50 percent to 32 percent margin?
What did Hillary Rodham Clinton say ``As women know from past elections win'' ``As we know from past elections Democrats win''?
What did the mostly female crowd wave?
What were families throughout?
Who were families for?
Who said ``As we know from past elections Democrats win'' ``As we know from past elections Democrats win''?
Who did he seek to rally behind his bid for the Democratic presidential nomination?
Whose life were families throughout?
What does Gore trail among women by?
Who were the Gore 2000 campaign names members of Congress?
Whose teacher did Gore say with?''
What is the time for all of us to be out in front for him?
What did Gore say he wants to extend leave law ``so parents can meet with their children's teacher without fearing the loss of their job?''
Who do the support that President Clinton had enjoyed among them inherit are expected to play a pivotal role in the 2000 elections?
Who did they say for by a 50 percent to 32 percent margin?
Who did Tipper Gore note the importance of to Hillary Rodham Clinton's husband's campaign?
What do the support that President Clinton had enjoyed among them inherit women are expected to play?
Who were among those on stage with Gore?
Who said he wants to extend the family leave law ``so parents can meet with their children's teacher without fearing the loss of their job?''
What is that the site of?
What distributed by the Gore 2000 campaign names members of Congress?
Who is Texas Gov. George W. Bush?
Who do the support that President Clinton had enjoyed among women inherit are expected to play a pivotal role in the 2000 elections?
What did Hillary Rodham Clinton say ``As women know from past elections Democrats win'' ``from''?
Who told several hundred women at a downtown hotel ``Al Gore has been out in front for women''?
Who did women say for by a 50 percent to 32 percent margin?
Who need your help to share with the country his vision?
What inherit Gore is seeking to?
Whose help to get the word out about Vice President Al Gore's commitment. . . on the issues that matter do women need?
What is the time for all of women to be out in front for Vice President Al Gore?
What do Vice President Al Gore hope?
Who did a partial list of female supporters distribute by?
Who did Hillary Rodham Clinton tell several hundred women at a downtown hotel ``has been out in front for women''?
What did Hillary Rodham Clinton tell several hundred women at a downtown hotel ``in''?
Who hopes your choice for the next president of the United States?
Who sought to rally women behind his bid for the Democratic presidential nomination?
Whose help do women need to share with the country Vice President Al Gore's vision?
Who hope your choice for the next president of the United States?
What did Tipper Gore note to Hillary Rodham Clinton's husband's campaign?
What did they say were less likely to vote for Gore if Clinton actively supports and campaigns for him by a 50 percent to 32 percent margin?
What did she say ``from'' ``As we know from past elections Democrats win''?
What inherit women are expected to play a pivotal role in the 2000 elections?
Who can meet with children's children's teacher without fearing the loss of their job?
Who did his focus on family issues help win the women's vote 55 percent to 37 percent in 1996?
What did Hillary Rodham Clinton say ``As women know from past elections Democrats win'' ``As we know from past elections win''?
What were throughout his life?
What do we need to share with the country his vision?
Who will officially announce his candidacy for the nation's top job on June 16 in Carthage according to spokesman Roger Salazar?
Whose vote 55 percent to 37 percent in 1996 did Vice President Al Gore's focus on family issues help him win?
What do women know from?
Who is the Republican leader in early presidential polls?
Who did Tipper Gore note the importance of to her husband's campaign?
Who trails among women by 10 points-- 52 percent to 42 percent?
Who can meet with their children's teacher without fearing the loss of their job?
Who did Vice President Al Gore seek to rally behind his bid for the Democratic presidential nomination?
Who said they were less likely to vote for Gore if Clinton actively supports and campaigns for him by a 50 percent to 32 percent margin?
Who need your help to get the word out about his commitment. . . on the issues that matter?
Whose campaign did Tipper Gore note the importance of women to?
Who did Gore say wants to extend the family leave law ``so parents can meet with their children's teacher without fearing the loss of their job?''
Who is my choice?
Who said ``As women know from past elections Democrats win'' ``As we know from past elections Democrats win''?
When is now?
What were throughout Vice President Al Gore's life?
Who need the importance of women's help to get the word out about Vice President Al Gore's commitment. . . on the issues that matter?
What did Gore say he wants to extend the family leave ``so parents can meet with their children's teacher without fearing the loss of their job?''
What waved ``Gore 2000'' placards or mini-American flags?
What do we need?
What do women need to share with the country Vice President Al Gore's vision?
What were for children?
What did Gore say as the mostly female crowd waved ``Gore 2000'' placards or mini-American flags, ``I know''?
Who said as the mostly female crowd waved ``Gore 2000'' placards or mini-American flags, ``I know women's work is not done''?
What did Tipper Gore note to her husband's campaign?
What helped him win the women's vote 55 percent to 37 percent in 1996?
What do we need your help to?
What did she say ``As we know from past elections Democrats win'' ``As we know from past elections win''?
What did Hillary Rodham Clinton say ``from'' ``As we know from past elections Democrats win''?
What did his focus on family issues help him win?
Who said as the mostly female crowd waved ``Gore 2000'' placards or mini-American flags, ``I have listened to working families''?
What did Vice President Al Gore's focus on family issues help him win?
Who were about equally split in that poll on whether Gore has the vision to solve the nation's problems?
What did he seek to rally women behind?
Who noted the importance of women to her husband's campaign?
Who also talked about making preschool available to every child?
Who know from past elections?
What did Tipper Gore note the importance of women to?
What did Hillary Rodham Clinton tell several hundred women at a downtown hotel ``Al Gore has been out in''?
What will Gore officially announce for the nation's top job on June 16 in Carthage according to spokesman Roger Salazar?
Who do the support that President Clinton had enjoyed among women inherit is seeking to?
What did he promise?
What did Vice President Al Gore promise?
What did she say ``As we know from past elections Democrats win'' ``from''?
What were women about equally split in on whether Gore has the vision to solve the nation's problems?
Who were other state officials and mayors?
What did they say they were less likely to vote for Gore if Clinton actively supports and campaigns for him by?
What received the endorsement of his boss ' wife Tuesday as he sought to rally women behind his bid for the Democratic presidential nomination?
What is Vice President Al Gore?
Who can parents meet with without fearing the loss of their job?
Who did they say were less likely to vote for Gore if Clinton actively supports and campaigns for him by a 50 percent to 32 percent margin?
What does Kennedy chair?
Who did WASHINGTON-- Rep. Patrick Kennedy on Friday endorse for the Democratic presidential nomination in 2000?
What was Rep. Patrick Kennedy?
Who is Rep. Patrick Kennedy the youngest son of?
What is the Democratic Congressional Campaign Committee the fund-raising arm of?
Who is D-Mass?
Who chairs the Democratic Congressional Campaign Committee?
Who is he the youngest son of?
Who said in a statement, ``Al Gore has always stood up for what's right for America''?
What endorsed Vice President Al Gore for the Democratic presidential nomination in 2000?
What is Sen. Edward Kennedy?
What is the fund-raising arm of House Democrats?
Who was D-R. I.?
What did Kennedy say in, ``Al Gore has always stood up for what's right for America''?
Who is the youngest son of Sen. Edward Kennedy?
Who is he?
What did WASHINGTON-- Rep. Patrick Kennedy on Friday endorse Vice President Al Gore for?
Who is Rep. Patrick Kennedy?
What is the Democratic Congressional Campaign Committee?
What did Elizabeth Birch attend as a ``gold level'' contributor to ``Gays and Lesbians for Gore?''
Who did Birch say is not a stand-out?
What were the protesters escorted out by?
What did the protesters accuse Al Gore of siding with in an international trade dispute?
What did the protesters accuse Al Gore of siding with pharmaceutical companies in?
What did he say he group's presidential endorsements were still?
Who said Former New Jersey Sen. Bill Bradley has voted the right way on gay issues?
What did Elizabeth Birch say he group's presidential endorsements were still?
Whose only rival for the Democratic nomination was Former New Jersey Sen. Bill Bradley?
Who called ACT-UP carried signs calling Al Gore a ``drug company puppet'' and mocking his campaign as ``Apartheid 2000'' outside the hotel?
What did Mrs. Gore not get into?
Who cries of ``Gore's greed kills!''
Who attended the reception as a ``gold level'' contributor to ``Gays and Lesbians for Gore?''
What did nine activists affiliated with the group call outside the hotel?
Who accused Al Gore of siding with pharmaceutical companies in an international trade dispute?
Who was Elizabeth Birch?
What did Elizabeth Birch say?
Who said Former New Jersey Sen. Bill Bradley is not a stand-out?
Who did Elizabeth Birch attend the reception as for Gore?''
Who was executive director of the Human Rights Campaign?
What would ``stand against forces of hatred?''
What did the protesters accuse Al Gore of with pharmaceutical companies in an international trade dispute?
What did Mrs. Gore say, ``We thought''?
What was the nation's largest gay and lesbian political group?
Who were escorted out by Secret Service agents?
What were the people?
What did Birch say Former New Jersey Sen. Bill Bradley has voted on gay issues?
What did nine activists affiliated with the group call ACT-UP carried outside the hotel?
What would a Gore administration ``stand against?''
Who was Gore's only rival for the Democratic nomination?
Who did not get into specifics of the gay policy agenda?
Who said he group's presidential endorsements were still a long way off?
What did Elizabeth Birch say were still a long way off?
What did Birch say Former New Jersey Sen. Bill Bradley has voted the right way on?
What did he say were still a long way off?
Who did Birch say has voted the right way on gay issues?
What were regardless of sexual orientation?
What did Birch say Former New Jersey Sen. Bill Bradley is not?
Who added?
Who said, ``We thought you might be here tonight''?
Who did the protesters accuse with pharmaceutical companies in an international trade dispute?
Who was Former New Jersey Sen. Bill Bradley?
What was Elizabeth Birch executive director of?
What did he say?
What was the Human Rights Campaign?
What were the people regardless of?
Who did Elizabeth Birch attend the reception as a ``gold level'' contributor to ``Gays and Lesbians for?''
Who has been making efforts to add women to prominent positions on his campaign team?
What did Catherine ``Kiki'' Moore work for?
What was the Dewey Square Group?
Who were Deputy campaign chairman Marla Romash and pollster Celinda Lake?
Who worked for the 1992 and 1996 Clinton-Gore campaigns?
Who was campaign general chairman?
Who were recent hires?
Who was a partner with the Dewey Square Group?
Who was Moore?
Who was Gore 2000 starting Sept. 7?
Who said?
What was a Washington consulting firm that specializes in grass-roots and communications strategies?
What did Coelho direct at the 1998 world's fair in Portugal?
Who did Gore say did not think Americans would see the charges as relevant to the campaign for the 2000 Democratic presidential nomination?
Who said a ``close friend did not think Americans would see the charges as relevant to the campaign for the 2000 Democratic presidential nomination?
What said Coelho also obtained a personal loan of $300,000 from a Portuguese bank for a private foundation to use for a memorial sculpture?
Who was his campaign chairman?
Who directed the U. S. pavilion at the 1998 world's fair in Portugal?
What did Gore say on, ``he is going to continue doing the terrific job that he's been doing as my campaign chair''?
What did a report by investigators find for?
What did the report say Coelho also obtained a personal loan of from a Portuguese bank for a private foundation to use for a memorial sculpture?
Who did Gore say a ``close friend did not think would see the charges as relevant to the campaign for the 2000 Democratic presidential nomination?
What did Gore say as?
What did the report say Coelho also obtained a personal loan of $300,000 from for a private foundation to use for a memorial sculpture?
Who said on CBS's ``Face the Nation, ``I have not seen this report''?
What did Gore say a ``close friend did not think Americans would see as relevant to the campaign for the 2000 Democratic presidential nomination?
What did Gore say a ``close friend did not think Americans would see the charges as?
What did the State Department's inspector general find as U. S. commissioner general for the world's fair in Lisbon in June 1996?
Who did Gore say he did not think would see the charges as relevant to the campaign for the 2000 Democratic presidential nomination?
When was the report made public?
What was made public Saturday?
What did WASHINGTON-- Vice President Al Gore say despite?
What found Coelho improperly used $210,000 in donated airline tickets, unnecessarily kept an expensive chauffeur-driven Mercedes and hired his niece for a $2,500-a-month job?
Where did Coelho direct the U. S. pavilion at the 1998 world's fair?
What did Gore say he did not think Americans would see as relevant to the campaign for the 2000 Democratic presidential nomination?
What did Gore say a ``close friend did not think as?
What did Gore say on, ``I have not seen this report''?
What did the State Department's inspector general find potential improprieties in Coelho's work as U. S. commissioner general for the world's fair in in June 1996?
What did the report say from?
What did Coelho direct the U. S. pavilion at the 1998 world's fair in?
Who said he did not think Americans would see the charges as relevant to the campaign for the 2000 Democratic presidential nomination?
What was with the United State's Information Agency?
What did the report say Coelho also obtained from a Portuguese bank for a private foundation to use for a memorial sculpture?
What did Coelho direct the U. S. pavilion at in Portugal?
What did Gore say he did not think Americans would see the charges as?
What did Gore say on, ``He is staying''?
Who added, ``People that I talk to are not interested in inside baseball''?
Who did the report say also obtained a personal loan of $300,000 from a Portuguese bank for a private foundation to use for a memorial sculpture?
When did the State Department's inspector general find potential improprieties in Coelho's work as U. S. commissioner general for the world's fair in Lisbon?
Who found potential improprieties in Coelho's work as U. S. commissioner general for the world's fair in Lisbon in June 1996?
What did the report say Coelho also obtained a personal loan of $300,000 from a Portuguese bank for?
What did Gore say on, ``I know him''?
Whose campaign chairman was Tony Coelho?
Who called Coelho a ``close friend''?
Who said, ``He's doing a great job as my campaign chair''?
What was the job with?
What did Gore say he did not think as?
Who did the State Department's inspector general find potential improprieties in Coelho's work as in Lisbon in June 1996?
Who was Tony Coelho?
Who said on CBS's ``Face the Nation, ``He is staying''?
Who said?
Who said on CBS's ``Face the Nation, ``I know him''?
Where did the State Department's inspector general find potential improprieties in Coelho's work as U. S. commissioner general for the world's fair in June 1996?
Who was Vice President Al Gore's campaign chairman?
What does Eleanor Holmes Norton hold?
Who replaced Mark Penn's pollster, Mark Penn, and plans to thin out his campaign staff?
Who is black?
What did Brazile design?
What continues to reshuffle his struggling presidential campaign?
Who is she?
Who is Washington, D. C.'s delegate?
Who caught him in polls and money-raising?
Who is a longtime aide to President Clinton?
What has Gore's inner circle been criticized for being top heavy with?
Who is George W. Bush?
Whose inner circle does the appointment of Brazile help diversify?
What will Smith head?
Who said Brazile's appointment was to be announced by Gore today at a ribbon-cutting ceremony at his new Nashville headquarters?
Who designed voter-campaign assessment program for the Democratic House campaign committee?
Who is Brazile former chief of?
When did officials say WASHINGTON-- Vice President Al Gore has selected Donna Brazile to be his new campaign manager?
What helped increase minority voter turnout?
Who ordered the move to shake up his campaign after rival Bill Bradley of New Jersey caught him in polls and money-raising?
What did rival Bill Bradley of New Jersey catch him in?
Who was then-Vice President George Bush?
What did Gore order the move to shake up after rival Bill Bradley of New Jersey caught him in polls and money-raising?
Who is in her early 40s?
What does WASHINGTON-- Vice President Al Gore continue to reshuffle?
Who did rival Bill Bradley of New Jersey catch in polls and money-raising?
Who replaces Craig Smith who did not want to move to Tennessee with the campaign?
Who is Eleanor Holmes Norton?
Who was Carter Eskew?
Who did officials say today WASHINGTON-- Vice President Al Gore has selected to be his new campaign manager?
Who is an adjunct political science professor at the University of Maryland, a member of Democratic National Committee and longtime associate of the Rev. Jesse Jackson?
What did Gore order to shake up his campaign after rival Bill Bradley of New Jersey caught him in polls and money-raising?
Whose Republican opponent was then-Vice President George Bush?
Who replaced his pollster, Mark Penn, and plans to thin out his campaign staff?
Who will head Gore's transition to Tennessee?
Who is Brazile?
What did officials say today has selected Donna Brazile to be his new campaign manager?
Who caught Vice President Al Gore in polls and money-raising?
Whose transition to Tennessee will Smith head?
Who did Brazile resign as in the 1988 presidential campaign after making comments about the personal life of his Republican opponent?
What did rival Bill Bradley of New Jersey catch Vice President Al Gore in?
What did two campaign officials who spoke on condition of anonymity say was to be announced by Gore today at a ribbon-cutting ceremony at his new Nashville headquarters?
Who is the GOP front-runner in the 2000 presidential campaign?
Who is Craig Smith?
What did Gore's campaign chairman, Tony Coelho, and media adviser retain in the transition to Tennessee?
Who was media adviser?
Whose campaign chairman, Tony Coelho, and media adviser retained their jobs in the transition to Tennessee?
Whose pollster, Mark Penn, and plans to thin out his campaign staff did Vice President Al Gore replace?
What is the father of George W. Bush?
Who is Bush?
What has been criticized for being top heavy with white males?
Who retained their jobs in the transition to Tennessee?
What does she hold?
Who holds an undergraduate degree from Louisiana State University?
What helps diversify Gore's inner circle?
Who was his Republican opponent?
Who is Brazile one of?
Who was deputy national field director for Michael Dukakis's Republican opponent?
Who did he replace?
What did Gore's campaign chairman, Tony Coelho, and media adviser retain their jobs in?
Who does Brazile replace?
Who did Vice President Al Gore replace?
Who did officials say today WASHINGTON-- Vice President Al Gore has selected Donna Brazile to be?
Whose inner circle has been criticized for being top heavy with white males?
What did the Democratic House campaign committee help increase?
Who resigned as deputy national field director for Michael Dukakis in the 1988 presidential campaign after making comments about the personal life of his Republican opponent?
Who is former chief of staff?
Who is one of the Democratic Party's most experienced grass-roots organizers?
Whose appointment did two campaign officials who spoke on condition of anonymity say was to be announced by Gore today at a ribbon-cutting ceremony at his new Nashville headquarters?
What did Brazile resign as deputy national field director for Michael Dukakis in after making comments about the personal life of his Republican opponent?
Who is Bush the father of?
What is Brazile in?
What does the appointment of Brazile help diversify?
Who said today WASHINGTON-- Vice President Al Gore has selected Donna Brazile to be his new campaign manager?
Who does the Gore campaign hope will help with to Kennedy's Massachusetts, and with wavering Democrats nationwide?
Who has unveiled a health care plan that Gore has criticized?
Who was N. H.?
Who planned to appear at a Boston middle school to talk about education policy on Wednesday before driving north to Portsmouth to discuss health care with senior citizens?
Who have the two issues been for the party's 2000 presidential nomination?
What did Bradley suggest the development only bolstered?
Who sought the presidency himself in 1980?
What did the Kennedy camp say as?
What has the vice president seen diminish in the face of a strong challenge from Bradley in recent months?
How many issues are paramount to Kennedy?
When has the vice president seen his once sizable lead in the polls diminish in the face of a strong challenge from Bradley?
What said the endorsement should not be viewed as a slap against Bradley?
Who has that caused to wish out loud that Kennedy would announce an endorsement?
What does Kennedy normally not endorse candidates before?
What did Kennedy and Gore plan to appear at a Boston middle school to talk about before driving north to Portsmouth to discuss health care with senior citizens?
What may it also trigger other endorsements by?
What has caused some Democrats to wish out loud that Kennedy would announce an endorsement?
What did Gore say, ``I do not think in''?
What did the decision to act now come after reflection over the Christmas holiday and a phone call between Kennedy and Gore since?
Who has seen his once sizable lead in the polls diminish in the face of a strong challenge from Bradley in recent months?
Who remains a liberal hero to many Democrats?
What has that caused some Democrats to wish out loud?
Who suggested the development only bolstered his contention that Gore is a Washington insider?
What may the endorsement also trigger other endorsements by?
What have been mainstays of Gore's campaign for the party's 2000 presidential nomination?
Who spoke with reporters after addressing students at the high school in this seacoast community?
What is SOMERSWORTH?
What is New Hampshire?
What hopes will help with voters in New Hampshire to Kennedy's Massachusetts, and with wavering Democrats nationwide?
Who does Kennedy normally not endorse before the party's nominating convention?
What did Bradley say that is entrenched?
When has he served in the Senate not only with both Gore and rival Democratic contender Bill Bradley but with the vice president's father?
What have the two issues been mainstays of for the party's 2000 presidential nomination?
Who did the vice president speak with after addressing students at the high school in this seacoast community?
Whose father was Al Gore Sr.?
Who did Bradley tell in Bedford ``All I have are the people, ``I thought all along he would have more of the establishment support''?
Who is Kennedy brother of?
What came after reflection over the Christmas holiday and a phone call between Kennedy and Gore since New Year's?
Whose campaign have the two issues been mainstays of for the party's 2000 presidential nomination?
What may also trigger other endorsements by the Massachusetts congressional delegation?
What did Kennedy and Gore plan to appear at to talk about education policy on Wednesday before driving north to Portsmouth to discuss health care with senior citizens?
Who is brother of President Kennedy?
Who was Al Gore Sr.?
When did Sen. Edward Kennedy seek the presidency himself?
What has he served in not only with both Gore and rival Democratic contender Bill Bradley but with the vice president's father in the 1960s?
What did Bradley say is entrenched power?
What has Bradley unveiled a health care plan?
What did Gore say, ``Bradley do not think in''?
Who is the former New Jersey senator?
What had Gore supporters pushed for?
What may it also trigger by the Massachusetts congressional delegation?
What did the Kennedy camp say the endorsement should not be viewed as?
What did Bradley tell reporters in Bedford ``All I have are the people, ``I thought''?
What may the endorsement also trigger by the Massachusetts congressional delegation?
What did Bradley tell reporters in ``All I have are the people, ``I thought all along he would have more of the establishment support''?
What has held off endorsing in the primary?
Who said that is entrenched power?
Who told reporters in Bedford ``All I have are the people, ``I thought all along he would have more of the establishment support''?
What did the decision to act now come after since New Year's?
What is sure to garner huge coverage in the Boston media-- which spills into vote-rich southern New Hampshire?
Who is Bradley?
What is N. H. -- Sen. Edward Kennedy?
What was Portsmouth?
What did the Kennedy camp say should not be viewed as a slap against Bradley?
What has that caused some Democrats to wish out loud that Kennedy would announce?
What was the vice president clearly pleased by?
How many issues have been mainstays of Gore's campaign for the party's 2000 presidential nomination?
What is next door?
What was N. H.?
Who was the vice president's father?
What have the two issues been mainstays of Gore's campaign for?
When has Sen. Edward Kennedy served in the Senate not only with both Gore and rival Democratic contender Bill Bradley but with the vice president's father?
Who does Kennedy remain?
Who normally does not endorse candidates before the party's nominating convention?
Who are the two issues paramount to?
What has Bradley unveiled plan that Gore has criticized?
What are paramount to Kennedy?
What has Sen. Edward Kennedy served in not only with both Gore and rival Democratic contender Bill Bradley but with the vice president's father in the 1960s?
What was Bedford?
What has the vice president seen his once sizable lead in the polls diminish in in recent months?
What did Bradley suggest only bolstered his contention that Gore is a Washington insider?
Who is Kennedy?
Who had pushed for the endorsement?
When did he seek the presidency himself?
Who has served in the Senate not only with both Gore and rival Democratic contender Bill Bradley but with the vice president's father in the 1960s?
Who was clearly pleased by the development?
Who also was being endorsed by Jerry Brown, the Oakland mayor and three-time failed presidential candidate?
What was the environment?
What was Cleveland's Eliza Bryant Center?
Who was trying hard to keep that from happening in Washington?
Who left the Democratic Party to be independent?
Who were I?
What was Bradley contrasting his record with on the environment?
Who were Gore?
Who was endorsed by local environmental leaders as a champion of Pacific Northwest concerns such as pipeline safety spills?
What did Gore push his plan for to cover prescription drugs?
When did CLEVELAND- Al Gore take off for a week of hopscotching states with big primary jackpots?
Who was New York?
What did Colorado Rep. Mark Udall run unsuccessfully for in 1976?
Who said, ``I 'm a reformer''?
What did another promote Gore's campaign stop at to accept black residents?
Who also was endorsed Friday by Colorado Rep. Mark Udall?
Who was Gore also endorsed Friday by?
What trumpeted california-based Democratic consultant Bill Carrick's endorsement by Sen. Joe Biden?
What was Bradley contrasting his record with McCain's on?
What did Gore push his plan for a huge, open-ended expansion of Medicare to cover?
What did CLEVELAND- Al Gore take off for a week of hopscotching states with Friday?
What did Gore's lead slip to?
What did the vice president's Secret Service agents and military valets squeeze into to make room for stranded reporters?
What promoted Gore's campaign stop at Cleveland's Eliza Bryant Center to accept black residents?
Who was contrasting his record with McCain's on the environment?
What is considered a must for Bradley?
What was an important and emotional issue in the Northwest?
What was a growing lead in polls?
Who did he say had an 84 percent vote rating from the League of Conservation Voters compared with McCain's 20 percent?
What did Bill Bradley say?
Who was Bradley endorsed by as a champion of Pacific Northwest concerns such as pipeline safety spills?
What did Bill Bradley say he had compared with McCain's 20 percent?
What did Brown leave to be independent?
Who was Liam Wood?
What did he say he had an 84 percent vote rating from the League of compared with McCain's 20 percent?
When was pipeline safety?
Whose smooth sail was buoyed by a growing lead in polls?
Who ran unsuccessfully for the Democratic nomination in 1976?
Who spills?
Who was the vice president also being endorsed by?
What was Sen. Joe Biden?
Who did Bill Bradley try to wrest primary voters from?
What squeezed into the forward cabins on Air Force Two to make room for stranded reporters?
Whose lead slipped to 53-38?
What was veteran Democratic campaign consultant?
What showed Gore's lead widening among enrolled Democrats there?
What confounded California-based Democratic consultant Bill Carrick?
Whose lead widening among did the latest New York poll released Friday show enrolled Democrats there?
Who did Brown make campaign finance a principal cause as?
Who was he accompanied by?
Who pushed his plan for a huge, open-ended expansion of Medicare to cover prescription drugs?
Who was Bill Bradley accompanied by?
What was a far cry from December?
Whose lead widening among did the latest New York poll released Friday show?
What slipped to 53-38?
Who breakfasted privately with Gore before he left Washington?
What did Bill Bradley say with?
What did CLEVELAND- Al Gore pick up liberal endorsements on?
What took off for a week of hopscotching states with big primary jackpots Friday?
Who did Bill Bradley say had an 84 percent vote rating from the League of Conservation Voters compared with McCain's 20 percent?
Who said he had an 84 percent vote rating from the League of Conservation Voters compared with McCain's 20 percent?
Who was Marlene Robinson mother of?
Who made campaign finance a principal cause as a presidential candidate?
Who both want campaign finance reform?
Who thinks it's ridiculous?
What did Brown make finance a principal cause as a presidential candidate?
Whose campaign did another promote stop at Cleveland's Eliza Bryant Center to accept black residents?
Who was Colorado Rep. Mark Udall?
What has McCain gained in his primary battles with George W. Bush?
Who tried to wrest primary voters from Republican John McCain as well Democrat Gore?
What is the state's primary considered for Bradley?
Who was the first senior citizens housing center in Cleveland?
What was delayed only slightly Friday when the plane chartered for his campaign press entourage was grounded at Andrews Air Force Base because of hydraulic failure?
Who was accompanied by Marlene Robinson?
What trumpeted his endorsement by Sen. Joe Biden?
What did Gore leave?
What do I think?
What did CLEVELAND- Al Gore pick up on his way?
What was pipeline safety salmon restoration and prevention of?
What does Gore plan to visit in addition to Friday's Ohio and California in the next week?
Who said the vice president ``never saw a dam he did not like''?
Who did Bill Bradley not spare?
What showed up again when reporters were handed ``Gore 2000'' press releases bearing the stamp of the official fax machine in Gore's White House communications office?
When was Gore's smooth sail delayed only slightly when the plane chartered for his campaign press entourage was grounded at Andrews Air Force Base because of hydraulic failure?
What do I think's ridiculous?
When does Gore plan to visit Washington state, Colorado, Arizona, Georgia, New York and Massachusetts in addition to Friday's Ohio and California?
Who was Colorado Rep. Mark Udall son of?
What did he say with?
Who did one release trumpet california-based Democratic consultant Bill Carrick's endorsement by?
What does Gore plan to visit Washington state, Colorado, Arizona, Georgia, New York and Massachusetts in in the next week?
Who was son of the late Mo Udall?
Whose 20 percent did he say with?
What do Bill Bradley think's ridiculous?
Who camped in Washington state?
When did Colorado Rep. Mark Udall run unsuccessfully for the Democratic nomination?
What did the vice president's Secret Service agents and military valets squeeze into the forward cabins on Air Force Two to make?
What did Bill Bradley say the vice president ``never saw a dam''?
What was it?
Who did Bill Bradley criticize for calling a West Coast salmon project ``pork barrel'' spending?
Who is the former senator from New Jersey who once starred for the New York Knicks basketball team?
What do Bill Bradley think?
Who was D-Del?
Who has gained support from independents and Democrats in his primary battles with George W. Bush?
What did another promote stop at Cleveland's Eliza Bryant Center to accept black residents?
Whose smooth sail was delayed only slightly Friday when the plane chartered for his campaign press entourage was grounded at Andrews Air Force Base because of hydraulic failure?
What did the latest New York poll released Friday show?
Who is the state's primary considered a must for?
What did he say?
Who criticized McCain for calling a West Coast salmon project ``pork barrel'' spending?
Who said?
What did he say the vice president ``never saw a dam''?
What was salmon restoration and prevention of oil tanker?
Who has McCain gained support from independents and Democrats in his primary battles with?
Whose 20 percent did Bill Bradley say with?
Who left Washington?
Who did he criticize for calling a West Coast salmon project ``pork barrel'' spending?
Whose endorsement did one release trumpet by Sen. Joe Biden?
What did the latest New York poll released Friday show enrolled Democrats there?
What did he leave?
Who did Biden breakfast privately with before he left Washington?
What did one release trumpet by Sen. Joe Biden?
Who did Bill Bradley try to wrest from Republican John McCain as well Democrat Gore?
Who is Bradley?
Who was a teen-ager killed in a petroleum pipeline explosion in Bellingham?
Who did he not spare?
Who was Marlene Robinson?
What was Gore's smooth sail buoyed by?
Who did another promote Gore's campaign stop at Cleveland's Eliza Bryant Center to accept?
What was buoyed by a growing lead in polls?
When was Gore also endorsed by Colorado Rep. Mark Udall?
What did Bill Bradley say he had an 84 percent vote rating from the League of compared with McCain's 20 percent?
Who was mother of Liam Wood?
Who did one release trumpet his endorsement by?
Who said, ``McCain is a reformer''?
Who did the latest New York poll released Friday show Gore's lead widening among enrolled there?
What picked up liberal endorsements on his way?
When did CLEVELAND- Al Gore take off with big primary jackpots Friday?
What did Bill Bradley camp in?
What did Gore push for a huge, open-ended expansion of Medicare to cover prescription drugs?
What did he say he had compared with McCain's 20 percent?
What did Brown make campaign finance as a presidential candidate?
Who plans to visit Washington state, Colorado, Arizona, Georgia, New York and Massachusetts in addition to Friday's Ohio and California in the next week?
What has McCain gained support from independents and Democrats in with George W. Bush?
What was Bradley contrasting with McCain's on the environment?
What do we both want?
Who did not spare Gore?
Who did Marsha Greenberg say as, Stamford-native Lieberman knew he would wear the end result if I could get it to him?
Who did a Lieberman aide call Bernstein to ask if she could make another for the senator?
Who did she say as the first Orthodox Jew who's gotten so far, I knew would wear it if I could get it to him?
Who said Stamford-native Lieberman start with six stitches in the center?
Who did she say as the first Orthodox Jew who's gotten so far, I knew to?
Who will take the yarmulke to the Democratic Convention in Los Angeles next week to present it to Lieberman?
Who did Greenberg say broke ground by selecting Senator Lieberman?
Who- has become the official yarmulke maker of the Gore-Lieberman presidential ticket?
What does he's not shying away from?
Whose religion does he's not shying away from?
Who did she say start with six stitches in the center?
What did Greenberg say Senator Lieberman thought?
What did it become apparent?
What did Marsha Greenberg say as the first Orthodox Jew who's gotten so far, Stamford-native Lieberman knew he would wear if I could get it to him?
Who said as the first Orthodox Jew who's gotten so far, Stamford-native Lieberman knew he would wear the end result if I could get it to him?
Who said Senator Lieberman thought Gore just flipped and took it from Lieberman?
What's the campaign yarmulke?
Who is a musician?
Who said she was flattered that Gore wanted her yarmulke?
Whose religion's wonderful to see?
Who has- A Stamford woman become?
What does he's embracing?
Who said Senator Lieberman thought it was wonderful?
When did the senator and Vice President Al Gore visit at the Italian Center of Stamford?
What did Greenberg say she has always made as a sideline for friends and family?
What did Greenberg say as?
Who said she has always made yarmulkes as a sideline for friends and family?
What did Marsha Greenberg say?
Who did she say as the first Orthodox Jew who's gotten so far, knew he would wear it if I could get it to him?
Who did Marsha Greenberg say as the first Orthodox Jew who's gotten so far, Stamford-native Lieberman knew to?
Who called Harold Bernstein?
What did Bernstein pass along the skull cap to at the Italian Center of Stamford?
Who said it takes about eight hours of stitch-work to complete the cap?
Who said as the first Orthodox Jew who's gotten so far, I knew he would wear it if I could get it to him?
Where did Bernstein pass along the skull cap to one of Lieberman's aides?
Who was a cousin of Lieberman and president of Congregation Agudath Sholom?
When did Greenberg say it takes to complete the cap?
Who visited Wednesday night at the Italian Center of Stamford?
Who did Marsha Greenberg say keep making loops outward?
What was a blue yarmulke with red and white striped letters reading, Gore-Lieberman 2000?
What did Greenberg say Senator Lieberman thought was wonderful?
What did Greenberg say next week takes about eight hours of stitch-work to complete?
What is a skull cap worn by Jewish males as a sign of humility before God?
What did the next day become apparent?
What did she say she was flattered?
Whose religion does Marsha Greenberg's not shying away from?
What was like two boys fighting?
What has- A Stamford woman become the official yarmulke maker of?
What did she say she was flattered that Gore wanted?
Who did Greenberg say thought it was wonderful?
Whose religion does Marsha Greenberg's embracing?
Who called Bernstein to ask Greenberg if she could make another for the senator?
Who passed along the skull cap to one of Lieberman's aides at the Italian Center of Stamford?
What was Greenberg later told about?
Who agreed?
What did she say I keep making?
Who does she attend?
Who is Greenberg?
What is a yarmulke?
What was the end result a blue yarmulke with reading, Gore-Lieberman 2000?
Who did Greenberg say Senator Lieberman thought just flipped and took it from Lieberman?
Who said Gore broke ground by selecting Senator Lieberman?
What did Marsha Greenberg say Stamford-native Lieberman start with?
What did Greenberg say?
Who was Harold Bernstein?
What does Marsha Greenberg's not shying away from?
What did she say?
What did Bernstein pass along the skull cap to one of Lieberman's aides at?
What did the next day become apparent Gore really was?
Who was Harold Bernstein a cousin of?
Who's embracing it?
Who did Marsha Greenberg say start with six stitches in the center?
Who's embracing Lieberman's religion?
Who will Bernstein take the yarmulke to the Democratic Convention in Los Angeles next week to present it to?
Who did she say keep making loops outward?
What's wonderful to see?
What does it's?
Who did the next day become apparent really was intent on keeping the yarmulke?
Who does Marsha Greenberg attend?
Who said I start with six stitches in the center?
Who said next week takes about eight hours of stitch-work to complete the cap?
What did Greenberg say next week takes about eight hours of to complete the cap?
What did she say I start with?
When did Greenberg say next week takes to complete the cap?
What did the senator and Vice President Al Gore visit Wednesday night at?
What did Greenberg say she has always made yarmulkes as?
Who did Greenberg say Senator Lieberman thought from?
Who said Stamford-native Lieberman keep making loops outward?
Who's not shying away from Lieberman's religion?
Who did Greenberg say thought Gore just flipped and took it from Lieberman?
Who sit in front of the television or take it with me on the train?
What did Greenberg say it takes about eight hours of stitch-work to complete?
Who did Greenberg say has always made yarmulkes as a sideline for friends and family?
What will Bernstein take the yarmulke to next week to present it to Lieberman?
When's very tedious?
What did Bernstein pass along to one of Lieberman's aides at the Italian Center of Stamford?
Who did she say was flattered that Gore wanted her yarmulke?
Who said I keep making loops outward?
What's very tedious?
Who did Greenberg call?
Who was later told about a playful struggle between the two candidates over her handiwork?
Who decided to knit Stamford-native Lieberman a gift?
What became apparent Gore really was intent on keeping the yarmulke?
Where did the senator and Vice President Al Gore visit Wednesday night?
How many hours of stitch-work did Greenberg say next week takes to complete the cap?
Who did it become apparent really was intent on keeping the yarmulke?
What did Marsha Greenberg say she was flattered that Gore wanted?
Who did Marsha Greenberg say was flattered that Gore wanted her yarmulke?
Who attends Congregation Agudath Sholom?
Who decided to knit him a gift?
When became apparent Gore really was intent on keeping the yarmulke?
Who sit in front of the television or take next week with me on the train?
What did Greenberg say it takes about eight hours of to complete the cap?
What did Marsha Greenberg say Stamford-native Lieberman keep making?
Who did a Lieberman aide call to ask Greenberg if she could make another for the senator?
What did Greenberg say Gore broke by selecting Senator Lieberman?
When did Greenberg say takes about eight hours of stitch-work to complete the cap?
What does Marsha Greenberg's embracing?
Who did she say as, I knew he would wear it if I could get it to him?
What did she say as the first Orthodox Jew who's gotten so far, I knew he would wear if I could get it to him?
What was the end result with red and white striped letters reading, Gore-Lieberman 2000?
What did Greenberg say takes about eight hours of stitch-work to complete the cap?
What does the end result's?
What did it become apparent Gore really was?
What will Bernstein take the yarmulke to the Democratic Convention in Los Angeles next week to present to Lieberman?
What did Marsha Greenberg say she was flattered?
How many hours of stitch-work did Greenberg say it takes to complete the cap?
What did the aides say papers would be mailed to Friday as official confirmation so the organization could begin to raise money?
What does he have yet to demonstrate consistently?
When did aides to the vice president say?
What could Gore find that many voters are turned off by a candidate aligned so closely to a president who has encountered so many personal difficulties in?
Who said she expected Gore to be the front-runner?
Who said Thursday?
Who was on a skiing vacation with his family in Utah?
What did the aides say papers would be mailed to the commission Friday as?
When did the aides say papers would be mailed to the commission as official confirmation so the organization could begin to raise money?
What has Gore decided to skip this preliminary step to?
What does Gore have access to enormous amounts of money as beyond that?
Who was 40?
Who did Roxanne Conlin say she expected to be the front-runner?
Who is the House minority leader?
Who could find that many voters are turned off by a candidate aligned so closely to a president who has encountered so many personal difficulties in addition?
Who found no reason to investigate his fund-raising in 1996 after a review by the Justice Department?
Who did speeches expose to local political leaders and grass-roots organizations to cement his own ties for the future?
Who have given every indication they also intend to run?
What did Attorney General Janet Reno find after a review by the Justice Department?
What is Gore?
What will Gore enter as the leading Democratic candidate in the view of many political experts?
Who did Roxanne Conlin say expected Gore to be the front-runner?
Whose biggest negative especially ran in the small, early states?
Who will enter the 2000 campaign as the leading Democratic candidate in the view of many political experts?
When did speeches expose WASHINGTON _ Vice President Al Gore to local political leaders and grass-roots organizations to cement his own ties?
Who was the Democratic Party chairwoman in Iowa?
What has Gore decided to skip to an official announcement of candidacy?
Who was Jeff Woodburn?
What was Smith?
Who was untouched by the Clinton sex scandal?
Who will Gore enter the 2000 campaign as in the view of many political experts?
What was the 1996 limit?
What especially ran in the small, early states?
What did speeches expose him to local political leaders and grass-roots organizations to cement for the future?
What unfolds?
Where did Jeff Woodburn's biggest negative especially run?
Who was on a skiing vacation with Smith's family in Utah?
Who did speeches expose WASHINGTON _ Vice President Al Gore to to cement his own ties for the future?
Who is 50?
Who said papers would be mailed to the commission Friday as official confirmation so the organization could begin to raise money?
Who was not available for comment?
What did Roxanne Conlin say?
Who is other Republicans like?
Who is D-N. J.?
What exposed WASHINGTON _ Vice President Al Gore to local political leaders and grass-roots organizations to cement his own ties for the future?
What will Gore enter the 2000 campaign as the leading Democratic candidate in?
Who could Gore find by in addition?
What was $30. 9 million?
Who are expected to test the waters?
What does Gore have as a result of countless trips around the country for speeches beyond that?
Who are no matter what Iowa's title is?
What is former Sen. Bill Bradley?
Who was the outgoing state party chairman in New Hampshire, site of the first primary, and a Gore supporter?
What are the candidates?
What has former Sen. Bill Bradley created?
Who has decided to skip this preliminary step to an official announcement of candidacy?
Who was Roxanne Conlin?
Who is Rep. Dick Gephardt of Missouri?
Who has signaled his intention to run for president _ former Sen. Bill Bradley?
What does Gore have access to enormous amounts of money as a result of countless trips around the country for speeches beyond?
What was Gore on a skiing vacation with?
Who are no matter what their title is?
What did his biggest negative especially run in?
What are held at Iowa?
What did the aides say to?
Who is like former Tennessee Gov. Lamar Alexander and publishing magnate Steve Forbes?
What exists?
What did the aides say would be mailed to the commission Friday as official confirmation so the organization could begin to raise money?
What is at 72 percent?
Who is not without concerns as the campaign unfolds?
What does WASHINGTON _ Vice President Al Gore have yet to demonstrate consistently?
Where did his biggest negative especially run?
Who said, ``But Iowans are pretty sophisticated evaluators''?
What are other prominent Democrats expected to test?
What was Gore not available for?
Who has created an exploratory committee?
What did Attorney General Janet Reno find no reason to investigate WASHINGTON _ Vice President Al Gore's fund-raising in 1996 after?
What is the president's job approval rating at?
What was WASHINGTON _ Vice President Al Gore untouched by?
What exposed him to local political leaders and grass-roots organizations to cement his own ties for the future?
What did speeches expose WASHINGTON _ Vice President Al Gore to local political leaders and grass-roots organizations to cement for the future?
Who said, ``Jeff Woodburn am certain that in a country of 250 million, somebody would say that''?
What did Sen. John McCain of Arizona become the first Republican to announce?
Whose family in Utah was Gore on a skiing vacation with?
What has only one other Democrat signaled?
Whose job approval rating is at 72 percent?
What did Jeff Woodburn's biggest negative especially run in?
Who became the first Republican to announce the formation of an exploratory committee?
What have other Republicans given?
What was he untouched by?
Who could Gore find that many voters are turned off by in addition?
Who did Roxanne Conlin say she expected Gore to be?
When was Gore with Smith's family in Utah?
What did Sen. John McCain of Arizona become the first Republican to announce the formation of?
Who said, ``I am certain that in a country of 250 million, somebody would say that''?
Who found no reason to investigate WASHINGTON _ Vice President Al Gore's fund-raising in 1996 after a review by the Justice Department?
What is Gore not without as the campaign unfolds?
When was Gore with his family in Utah?
Who has yet to demonstrate consistently a folksy side that appeals to many voters?
What exists as it exists?
Who has access to enormous amounts of money as a result of countless trips around the country for speeches beyond that?
Who did speeches expose him to to cement his own ties for the future?
What did Attorney General Janet Reno find no reason to investigate his fund-raising in 1996 after?
Who did Sen. John McCain of Arizona become to announce the formation of an exploratory committee?
Who are the first caucuses held at?
When did speeches expose him to local political leaders and grass-roots organizations to cement his own ties?
Who said he will supervise Gore's fund raising ``in a manner that fully complies with both the letter and spirit of the law''?
Who was a partner in the San Antonio office of Akin, Gump, Strauss, Hauer & Feld?
Who did Villarreal begin his part-time duties as on Jan. 1?
What 'll WASHINGTON _ Jose Villarreal do everything within as treasurer?
Who has Gore worked in concert with to lead ``one of the greatest peacetime economies'' in American history?
What 'll I do within my power to insure that happens as treasurer?
Whose fund raising did Villarreal say he will supervise ``in a manner that fully complies with both the letter and spirit of the law''?
What did he say he will ``assemble necessary to wage this campaign and do so in an expeditious manner?''
What 'll I do everything within my power to insure as treasurer?
What did Attorney General Janet Reno later clear Gore of doing?
Whose campaign treasurer did Villarreal begin his part-time duties as on Jan. 1?
Who said he will ``assemble the resources necessary to wage this campaign and do so in an expeditious manner?''
Whose fund raising in the 1996 re-election campaign of President Clinton came under scrutiny of Congress and the Justice Department?
Who did he also serve as?
Whose election did Villarreal say for?
What did Villarreal say in Monday?
Who said Monday that he will work to make sure the Gore campaign's fund raising complies with the ``letter and spirit'' of the law?
Who has worked in concert with Clinton to lead ``one of the greatest peacetime economies'' in American history?
What did WASHINGTON _ Jose Villarreal say he will ``assemble necessary to wage this campaign and do so in an expeditious manner?''
Who has never been involved in this capacity before?
What did Villarreal say for?
What did Gore's fund raising in the 1996 re-election campaign of President Clinton come under?
Who was Villarreal?
What did Villarreal say he will supervise Gore's fund raising ``in''?
What 'll WASHINGTON _ Jose Villarreal do everything within my power to insure as treasurer?
What has Gore worked in with Clinton to lead ``one of the greatest peacetime economies'' in American history?
What did Villarreal say in?
Who did Attorney General Janet Reno later clear doing?
What's new?
What did he say in?''
What did Villarreal begin as Gore's campaign treasurer on Jan. 1?
Who did Villarreal say will supervise Gore's fund raising ``in a manner that fully complies with both the letter and spirit of the law''?
When's new?
What have I never been involved in before?
What has Gore worked in concert with Clinton to lead?
What 'll WASHINGTON _ Jose Villarreal do within my power to insure that happens as treasurer?
Who began his part-time duties as Gore's campaign treasurer on Jan. 1?
Who later cleared Gore of any wrong doing?
What did WASHINGTON _ Jose Villarreal say Monday with?
What did WASHINGTON _ Jose Villarreal say in?''
Who was WASHINGTON _ Jose Villarreal?
What will Villarreal be legally responsible for?
What did Villarreal say he will supervise ``in a manner that fully complies with both the letter and spirit of the law''?
What 'll I do everything within as treasurer?
What have Vice President Al Gore never been involved in before?
When did Villarreal begin his part-time duties as Gore's campaign treasurer?
Who have never been involved in this capacity before?
Who 'll do everything within my power to insure that happens as treasurer?
Whose fund raising did Villarreal say in?
What came under scrutiny of Congress and the Justice Department?
Who was the San Antonio lawyer serving as treasurer of Vice President Al Gore's 2000 presidential campaign?
When did Villarreal say in an interview?
Who said in an interview Monday?
Who did Vice President Al Gore also serve as?
Who did he say will ``assemble the resources necessary to wage this campaign and do so in an expeditious manner?''
Who 'll WASHINGTON _ Jose Villarreal do everything within my power to insure that happens as?
Who also served as associate director of Clinton's White House office of presidential personnel?
Who will be legally responsible for the Gore campaign's filings with the Federal Election Commission?
Who 'll I do everything within my power to insure that happens as?
Who did WASHINGTON _ Jose Villarreal say will ``assemble the resources necessary to wage this campaign and do so in an expeditious manner?''
What did he prepare to launch to succeed Ronald Reagan and Vice President Hubert Humphrey as he sought to succeed Lyndon B. Johnson in 1968?
What do House Minority Leader Richard Gephardt of Missouri add up?
Who did Kathy Sullivan warn that Democrats in New Hampshire are not looking for Gore to condemn?
What have captured the nomination?
What do the surveys also show that Gore's stature has barely dimmed as?
When was the White House lawn on Dec. 19?
Who added: I know that President Clinton is eager to work across party lines on these and other challenges?
What did she say Gore's fidelity and commitment to his family are so widely known on?
What do experts say by?
What did &QL; &QL; Gore open in early February?
What does Thomas E. Patterson say Gore has to distinguish himself from Clinton with to avoid appearing disloyal?
Who know that his leadership will continue to be good for the country?
Who do polls show well ahead of all potential Democratic rivals?
What do I know for?
Who do polls asking voters about a hypothetical race show trailing two undeclared Republican presidential candidates?
Who is Jesse Jackson?
What are stacked early in 2000?
When are some 35 states expected to have held their primaries?
What does he have?
Who do polls asking voters about a hypothetical race show Gore trailing?
What did Gore issue a statement Friday urging the nation to ``heal the wounds of?''
What was Clinton acquitted by on Friday?
How many states are expected to have held their primaries by March 21,2000?
Whose fidelity and commitment to his family did Kathy Sullivan say are so widely known that he does not need to highlight differences with Clinton on values?
When was Gore born in 1948?
What has he served in for 22 years?
What did Jackson add in that he may compete against Gore for the Democratic nomination in order to ``broaden the base of our party?''
Who issued a statement Friday urging the nation to ``heal the wounds of this impeachment debate?''
Who said, ``WASHINGTON _ Vice President Al Gore move on''?
Who emerges from President Clinton's impeachment struggle with his own presidential campaign strengthened by the disciplined Democratic unity that helped rescue the embattled chief executive?
Who was acquitted by the Senate on Friday?
What does Gore step forward to spotlight initiatives that court powerful Democratic constituencies including labor unions, women, African-Americans, Hispanics and liberals with?
What did Patterson say that Gore must now ``look for over the next month?
Who was Kathy Sullivan?
Who did last year clear in the Democrats ' controversial 1996 fund-raising activities?
Who issued a statement Friday welcoming Senate acquittal of Clinton?
Who did Larry Sabato say has emerged from Clinton's travails largely unscathed?
Who said, ``you move on''?
Whose personal conduct did a senior official in Gore's presidential campaign say about?
What did Patterson say, ``you say''?
Whose presidential campaign spoke on condition anonymity?
Who did Jackson add in an interview on CNN that he may compete against for the Democratic nomination in order to ``broaden the base of our party?''
What does WASHINGTON _ Vice President Al Gore emerge from?
What does Gore's delicate balancing act between loyalty and independence recall?
Whose most formidable Democratic challenger has already stepped aside?
What was Norristown?
Who did Gore then introduce as ``my friend?''
Who said, ``you say you 've done it''?
Who still could face challenges for the Democratic nomination from Sen. John Kerry of Massachusetts, as well as Jackson?
When was Clinton acquitted by the Senate?
Who pointedly cited Gore's ``visionary leadership'' in his own nationally televised State of the Union address on Jan. 19?
Who did the House vote to impeach for first time in 131 years?
Who do polls show Gore well ahead of?
Whose stature do the surveys also show as?
Who did aides say plans to gradually highlight differences with Clinton on policies and programs later this spring as he shifts into campaign mode?
Who owes his shot at the White House to Clinton?
What did Gore issue a statement Friday welcoming?
Whose impeachment fight does Jesse Jackson say from?
What are some 35 states expected to have held by March 21,2000?
What have Four of the five Democratic vice presidents who have sought the party's nomination since World War II captured?
Who was America's great president?
What found that 58 percent of American adults had a favorable impression of Gore?
What is &QL; &QL; Gore building?
Who added in an interview on CNN that he may compete against Gore for the Democratic nomination in order to ``broaden the base of our party?''
Who was incoming chairwoman of the Democratic Party in New Hampshire planning to hold the nation's first presidential primary in 2000?
Who warned that Democrats in New Hampshire are not looking for Gore to condemn Clinton?
When did the House vote to impeach a president?
What could Gore still face challenges for?
What did a Los Angles Times survey completed Jan. 29 show Bush topping?
What was Clinton impeached by the House for for trying to conceal WASHINGTON _ Vice President Al Gore's dalliance with former White House intern Monica Lewinsky?
What does Gore crisscross the nation on thinly veiled political missions to announce federal grants in?
How many undeclared Republican presidential candidates do polls asking voters about a hypothetical race show Gore trailing?
Who is Thomas E. Patterson?
Whose fidelity and commitment to his family did she say are so widely known that he does not need to highlight differences with Clinton on values?
What found 58 percent of respondents had a favorable impression?
What did Clinton pointedly cite on Jan. 19?
Who does Thomas E. Patterson say from?
Who did he prepare to launch his 1988 campaign to succeed as he sought to succeed Lyndon B. Johnson in 1968?
Who does Jesse Jackson have the absolute support of?
What is Senate and White House?
Who said Gore has emerged from Clinton's travails largely unscathed?
Who is a presidential campaign scholar at Harvard?
Who is a former senator from Tennessee?
What has Jesse Jackson made?
What did Gore's presidential campaign speak on?
When did &QL; &QL; Gore open a campaign headquarters in Washington?
What did Gore issue a statement Friday urging the nation to ``heal?''
Who was the Texas governor?
When was Clinton?
What does WASHINGTON _ Vice President Al Gore shift into?
Who has history on his side as well?
What did she say are so widely known that he does not need to highlight differences with Clinton on values?
What found Mrs. Dole beating Gore 50 percent to 42 percent?
Whose ``visionary leadership'' in his own nationally televised State of the Union address did Clinton pointedly cite on Jan. 19?
Who shifts into campaign mode?
Who then introduced Clinton as ``my friend?''
What did a survey for Time\/CNN conducted last month find 58 percent of respondents had?
Who is the Arkansas governor who defied conventional electoral strategy in 1992 by naming a fellow southerner to join a baby-boom ticket?
Who was 1948?
What did House Minority Leader Richard Gephardt of Missouri announce in early February that he would abandon a threatened bid for?
Who has the absolute support of a strong president?
When was Gore born in 1946?
What does Gore crisscross the nation on to announce federal grants in early caucus or primary states such as Iowa, New Hampshire and California?
Who said Gore plans to gradually highlight differences with Clinton on policies and programs later this spring as he shifts into campaign mode?
Who said Gore's fidelity and commitment to his family are so widely known that he does not need to highlight differences with Clinton on values?
What show Gore trailing two undeclared Republican presidential candidates?
What do the presidential primaries play into with a built-in platform?
What was Clinton impeached by the House for for trying to conceal his dalliance with former White House intern Monica Lewinsky?
Who prepared to launch his 1988 campaign to succeed Ronald Reagan and Vice President Hubert Humphrey as he sought to succeed Lyndon B. Johnson in 1968?
Who sought to succeed Lyndon B. Johnson in 1968?
What did last year clear Gore of in the Democrats ' controversial 1996 fund-raising activities?
What did the official add, ``President Clinton think about''?
What did Gore add that the nation must also ``acknowledge that invoking the solemn power of in the cause of partisan politics is wrong''?
What FOLLOWS? )
What has WASHINGTON _ Vice President Al Gore served in for 22 years?
What play into the hands of an elected official with a built-in platform?
Who said Gore may ``say something again'' about Clinton's personal conduct?
What did Kathy Sullivan say Gore's fidelity and commitment to his family are so widely known that he does not need to highlight differences with Clinton on?
What could Gore still face for the Democratic nomination from Sen. John Kerry of Massachusetts, as well as Jackson?
What did Patterson say for?
Who did a senior official in Gore's presidential campaign say may ``say something again'' about Clinton's personal conduct?
What showed Bush topping Gore 57 percent to 39 percent?
When does Gore have as well?
Who did Gore issue a statement Friday welcoming Senate acquittal of?
Who was Pa.?
Who said, ``You do it''?
What does Gore crisscross on thinly veiled political missions to announce federal grants in early caucus or primary states such as Iowa, New Hampshire and California?
Who added that the nation must also ``acknowledge that invoking the solemn power of impeachment in the cause of partisan politics is wrong''?
What are expected to have held their primaries by March 21,2000?
Who did the same study find beating Gore 50 percent to 42 percent?
What did Gore add: I know across?
Who crisscrosses the nation on thinly veiled political missions to announce federal grants in early caucus or primary states such as Iowa, New Hampshire and California?
Who has served in the House for 22 years?
What did Kathy Sullivan say are so widely known that he does not need to highlight differences with Clinton on values?
Who added, ``I think the American people are tired of hearing about this''?
Who was born in 1948 in 1946?
What voted to impeach a president for first time in 131 years?
Who was my friend?
Who did?
Whose friend was America's great president?
When has he served in the House?
Who was a robust economy?
What does the vice president's campaign for the White House face on the hot-button issue of personal values?
What spoke on condition anonymity?
What did Larry Sabato say Gore has emerged from largely unscathed?
Who does he have the absolute support of?
What was hours?
What show Gore well ahead of all potential Democratic rivals?
When has WASHINGTON _ Vice President Al Gore served in the House?
What do President Clinton know for?
Who did a survey for ABC News in May 1994 find?
When cleared Gore of any wrongdoing in the Democrats ' controversial 1996 fund-raising activities?
Who emerges from President Clinton's impeachment struggle with President Clinton's own presidential campaign strengthened by the disciplined Democratic unity that helped rescue the embattled chief executive?
What do you add up?
What did Vice President George Bush prepare to launch to succeed Ronald Reagan and Vice President Hubert Humphrey as he sought to succeed Lyndon B. Johnson in 1968?
Whose popularity stems from the economy?
What do the surveys also show as?
Who said that Gore must now ``look for an opportunity to express unhappiness with the president's conduct'' sometime over the next month?
What does Jesse Jackson say from?
What does he shift into?
If WASHINGTON _ Vice President Al Gore continue to have a good economy, who will continue to benefit?
Who has made no outstanding mistakes?
Who does Thomas E. Patterson say Gore has to distinguish himself from with considerable delicacy to avoid appearing disloyal?
What was New Hampshire?
What did she say Gore's fidelity and commitment to his family are so widely known that he does not need to highlight on values?
Who did Kathy Sullivan warn for?
Who adds it all up?
What served as vice president?
What does Jesse Jackson say that Gore emerges from as a formidable candidate?
What was Clinton impeached by for perjury and obstruction of justice for trying to conceal his dalliance with former White House intern Monica Lewinsky?
What did Kathy Sullivan say Gore's fidelity and commitment to his family are so widely known on?
What did Jackson add in an interview on CNN that he may compete against Gore for?''
What did a senior official in Gore's presidential campaign say Gore may ``say something again'' about?
Who says that Gore emerges from Clinton's impeachment fight as a formidable candidate?
What does Gore owe to Clinton?
What has he made?
Who said, ``He's stronger because he has the absolute support of a strong president and has made no outstanding mistakes''?
What did the official add, ``I think about''?
Who does Gore owe his shot at the White House to?
What did a senior official in Gore's presidential campaign say Gore may ``say'' about Clinton's personal conduct?
Who was impeached by the House for perjury and obstruction of justice for trying to conceal his dalliance with former White House intern Monica Lewinsky?
Who did Vice President George Bush seek to succeed?
Who knows that his leadership will continue to be good for the country?
Who says Gore has to distinguish himself from Clinton with considerable delicacy to avoid appearing disloyal?
Who has already stepped aside?
Whose blessing does Gore step forward to spotlight initiatives that court powerful Democratic constituencies including labor unions, women, African-Americans, Hispanics and liberals with?
What did the same study find Mrs. Dole beating?
When are the presidential primaries stacked early?
Who did a survey for Time\/CNN conducted last month find had a favorable impression?
Who did he seek to succeed?
What does Gore's popularity stem from?
Who added: President Clinton know that President Clinton is eager to work across party lines on these and other challenges?
What did House Minority Leader Richard Gephardt of Missouri announce in early February for?
Whose travails did Larry Sabato say from?
Who is Clinton?
Who said?
Who add it all up?
Who was Bush?
Who did Vice President George Bush prepare to launch his 1988 campaign to succeed as he sought to succeed Lyndon B. Johnson in 1968?
Who is the civil rights activist who has twice campaigned for the Democratic presidential nomination?
What did last year clear Gore of any wrongdoing in?
Who does Thomas E. Patterson say Gore has to distinguish from Clinton with considerable delicacy to avoid appearing disloyal?
Who added, ``President Clinton think the American people are tired of hearing about this''?
Who does Jesse Jackson say that Gore emerges from Clinton's impeachment fight as?
What is Gore tapping into?
What did Gore add: President Clinton know across?
What does Jesse Jackson have?
Who did a survey for Time\/CNN conducted last month find?
Who was Larry Sabato?
Who is building his bid to succeed Clinton on powers of incumbency?
Who said, ``We 've all condemned the president's personal conduct on an individual basis''?
What was the state?
What END HERE?
Who does Thomas E. Patterson say has to distinguish himself from Clinton with considerable delicacy to avoid appearing disloyal?
What also show that Gore's stature has barely dimmed as a result of six years of service in the White House?
What do experts say that Gore will easily raise the $33 million by?
Who was WASHINGTON _ Vice President Al Gore's friend?
What did Larry Sabato say from?
What did a survey for ABC News in May 1994 find that 58 percent of American adults had?
What stems from the economy?
When did Clinton pointedly cite Gore's ``visionary leadership'' in his own nationally televised State of the Union address?
What did Gore add that the nation must also ``acknowledge that invoking the solemn power of impeachment in is wrong''?
What do President Clinton know that his leadership will continue to be good for?
What was the strong president?
What is the House?
Who steps forward to spotlight initiatives that court powerful Democratic constituencies including labor unions, women, African-Americans, Hispanics and liberals with Clinton's blessing?
Who did Gore then introduce Clinton as?''
Who did Kathy Sullivan warn that Democrats in New Hampshire are not looking for to condemn Clinton?
Who did a survey for ABC News in May 1994 find that 58 percent of American adults had a favorable impression of?
What do the presidential primaries play into the hands of an elected official with?
Who opened a campaign headquarters in Washington in early February?
What did Gore add that the nation must also ``acknowledge that invoking in the cause of partisan politics is wrong''?
What did Gore add in?
Whose travails did Larry Sabato say Gore has emerged from largely unscathed?
Who did five of the last 10 presidents first serve as?
Who is Gore?
What do experts say that Gore will easily raise by year's end that is permitted for presidential candidates accepting federal matching funds?
What do I know that his leadership will continue to be good for?
Who say that Gore will easily raise the $33 million by year's end that is permitted for presidential candidates accepting federal matching funds?
Whose impeachment fight does Jesse Jackson say that Gore emerges from as a formidable candidate?
What did Gore issue a statement Friday urging to ``heal the wounds of this impeachment debate?''
Who was a political scientist at the University of Virginia?
What does Gore crisscross the nation on thinly veiled political missions to announce in early caucus or primary states such as Iowa, New Hampshire and California?
Who did a Los Angles Times survey completed Jan. 29 show topping Gore 57 percent to 39 percent?
Who said, ``We 're going to talk about what we 're going to do _ and not about what we did''?
What did Gore add that the nation must also ``acknowledge in''?
If we continue to have a good economy, who will continue to benefit?
What did aides say into?
Whose personal conduct did a senior official in Gore's presidential campaign say Gore may ``say something again'' about?
What did a senior official in Gore's presidential campaign say about?
What did she say Gore's fidelity and commitment to his family are so widely known that he does not need to highlight differences with Clinton on?
What does Gore step forward to spotlight with Clinton's blessing?
Who did Gore add: know that President Clinton is eager to work across party lines on these and other challenges?
When did Patterson say that Gore must now ``look for an opportunity to express unhappiness with the president's conduct'' sometime?
What did Kathy Sullivan say Gore's fidelity and commitment to his family are so widely known that he does not need to highlight on values?
Who did Jackson add in an interview on CNN against?''
What were Klain and others saying by the time of Monday's announcement?
What have an expiration date?
When did Klain say that Friends still thought the phone call was a good idea?
Who expected Klain to be forced out?
What had he already decided?
Who was Tennessee WASHINGTON _ Vice President Al Gore's new chief of?
Who said Monday that Friends still thought the phone call was a good idea?
When did WASHINGTON _ Vice President Al Gore say that his chief of staff was resigning to become a partner in the Washington office of O'Melveny & Myers?
What was Klain criticized by after President Clinton called a reporter for The New York Times in May and said Gore needed to loosen up on the campaign trail?
Who said he told them in a staff meeting that he was ``like a milk carton''?
What told me to move on?
Who had not objected either?
What did Klain say in, ``Tony was doing everything humanly possible to try to get me to stay''?
What was Klain?
Who was 37?
What did Campaign workers say he told them in a staff meeting like?
Who had already decided it was time to leave?
Who was in the room when the president decided to make the call?
Who were saying that Coelho was trying to get Klain to stay by the time of Monday's announcement?
What did Klain say in, ``Tony was doing everything humanly possible to try to get WASHINGTON _ Vice President Al Gore to stay''?
Who was Ron Klain?
Who was his chief of staff?
What was his new chief of staff?
What had he already decided was time to leave?
What did Klain say Monday that Friends still thought the phone call was?
What did Friends say from?
What did President Clinton say on?
Who was Tennessee his new chief of?
Who was chief of staff for Attorney General Janet Reno before becoming Gore's chief of staff nearly four years ago?
Who was he chief of before becoming Gore's chief of staff nearly four years ago?
Who was general chairman of his presidential campaign?
When did President Clinton call a reporter for The New York Times?
What did WASHINGTON _ Vice President Al Gore say Monday?
What did President Clinton say Gore needed to loosen up on?
What was Tony Coelho general chairman of?
What said stay?
Who do some Democratic operatives expect to be forced out?
What did Klain say Monday?
Who was Tony Coelho?
Who did Gore name?
What did Campaign workers say he told them in that he was ``like a milk carton''?
Who said?
Who named Tony Coelho?
Whose chief of staff was Ron Klain?
Who called a reporter for The New York Times in May?
What was O'Melveny & Myers?
Who did Friends say had realized that ``the center of gravity had shifted'' from the vice president's office to the campaign?
What did Campaign workers say in?
Who said Klain had realized that ``the center of gravity had shifted'' from the vice president's office to the campaign?
What was a law firm based in Los Angeles?
What did Campaign workers say he told in a staff meeting that he was ``like a milk carton''?
What had been expected for several weeks?
Who did President Clinton call in May?
Whose office to the campaign did Friends say from?
Who was a former California congressman?
When had he already decided it was?
Who named Charles Burson, a longtime friend and counsel in his office and former attorney general of Tennessee?
When did Klain say that he and Coelho still thought the phone call was a good idea?
Who was Tennessee?
When do milk cartons have?
Who said, ``You reach a point in time when you need to do something else''?
What did Klain say Monday that he and Coelho still thought was a good idea?
What did Klain say Monday that Friends still thought was a good idea?
Who did my head tell to move on?
Who was he before becoming Gore's chief of staff nearly four years ago?
What did Klain say Monday that Friends still thought?
Who said in an interview, ``Tony was doing everything humanly possible to try to get me to stay''?
What did Campaign workers say he told them in a staff meeting that he was ``like''?
Who did President Clinton say needed to loosen up on the campaign trail?
What was Klain in when the president decided to make the call?
Who was blamed later for what was perceived as a public relations disaster for Gore?
What did Klain say Monday that he and Coelho still thought the phone call was?
What was WASHINGTON _ Vice President Al Gore's new chief of staff?
Who did Campaign workers say he told in a staff meeting that he was ``like a milk carton''?
What did Klain say Monday that he and Coelho still thought?
Who was WASHINGTON _ Vice President Al Gore's chief of staff?
Who said Monday that his chief of staff was resigning to become a partner in the Washington office of O'Melveny & Myers?
Who said Gore needed to loosen up on the campaign trail?
Who said Monday that he and Coelho still thought the phone call was a good idea?
Who said in an interview, ``Tony was doing everything humanly possible to try to get WASHINGTON _ Vice President Al Gore to stay''?
Whose new chief of staff was Tennessee?
Whose departure had been expected for several weeks?
Who did Campaign workers say told them in a staff meeting that he was ``like a milk carton''?
When were Klain and others saying that Coelho was trying to get Klain to stay?
What did WASHINGTON _ Vice President Al Gore accept from hundreds of Latino leaders?
What are they claiming can add by subtracting and dividing?
What did he also criticize the kind of?
What do I not get?
What are they claiming by?
Who do they talk about?
What did Menendez also lash out at Bush to win?
Who said, ``Our community does not need compassion _ even talking to us in that way treats us as a stepchild''?
When did WASHINGTON _ Vice President Al Gore warn that Republican-sponsored tax cuts could wipe out economic gains made by Hispanics under administration policies?
What is the population count used in?
Whose campaign signature of ``compassionate conservatism'' did Menendez suggest?
What is he?
What do Menendez not get?
Who also said GOP-sponsored tax cuts could lead to reductions in federal aid to education?
Who did WASHINGTON _ Vice President Al Gore warn Tuesday that Republican-sponsored tax cuts could wipe out under administration policies?
Who do anybody who thinks that George W. Bush is good for Latinos _ they are living?
What did Gore also question by?
What did the vice president not mention Bush by?
Who did Gore say federal tax credit payments to the poor have been the ``single most beneficial economic change'' for over the last two decades?
What did Gore say have been the ``single most beneficial economic change'' for Hispanics and other working poor families over the last two decades?
Who was the overwhelming favorite?
What _ they are living la vie da loca?
Who did not mention Bush by name?
Who also criticized the kind of education policy recently outlined by Bush?
What did WASHINGTON _ Vice President Al Gore warn Tuesday that Republican-sponsored tax cuts could wipe out economic gains made by Hispanics under?
Who did Gore say for?
What was Bush?
What did he note that House Republicans are considering?
What did Gore say federal tax credit payments to the poor have been for Hispanics and other working poor families over the last two decades?
What were republican-sponsored tax cuts?
What did the vice president also criticize?
What are they claiming they can add by?
What did WASHINGTON _ Vice President Al Gore warn Tuesday under?
What do anybody who thinks that George W. Bush is good for Latinos _ are living la vie da loca?
Who said, ``It's the strangest education I 've ever seen because they are claiming they can add by subtracting and dividing''?
What did he note?
Who did Menendez suggest that the Texan's campaign signature of ``compassionate conservatism'' insults?
Who are dollars in those tax credit payments claiming can add by subtracting and dividing?
Who talk about this guy like he's Ricky Martin or something?
What did the vice president also say could lead to reductions in federal aid to education?
What did WASHINGTON _ Vice President Al Gore note?
What did the vice president also criticize the kind of?
What is keenly interested in the 2000 census?
Who do anybody who thinks that George W. Bush is good for Latinos _ are living la vie da loca?
Who warned Tuesday that Republican-sponsored tax cuts could wipe out economic gains made by Hispanics under administration policies?
Who was California Lt. Gov. Cruz Bustamante?
Who did he not mention by name?
What did WASHINGTON _ Vice President Al Gore note that House Republicans are considering?
What did the vice president also say GOP-sponsored tax cuts could lead to?
What are dollars in those tax credit payments claiming by?
What did he say, ``It's the strangest education I 've ever seen because they are claiming by''?
Who does not get it?
What were the GOP's opposition to census sampling and Texas Gov. George Bush's education proposals?
What did he also criticize?
What talk about this guy like he's Ricky Martin or something?
What did Menendez also lash out at to win the 2000 GOP presidential nomination?
What are dollars in those tax credit payments claiming can add by subtracting and dividing?
Who are they claiming can add by subtracting and dividing?
What is used in the funding formulas of nearly every federal program?
Who do Texas Gov. George Bush talk about?
Who was a longtime Gore booster?
Who are claiming they can add by subtracting and dividing?
Who did California Lt. Gov. Cruz Bustamante use to whip up the enthusiasm of the crowd?
Who did the vice president not mention by name?
What did the vice president also say to?
What did he not mention Bush by?
What did WASHINGTON _ Vice President Al Gore accept endorsements from?
Who do not get the Latino community?
Who used Bush to whip up the enthusiasm of the crowd?
What did he say, ``It's the strangest education by''?
What did the vice president say, ``the kind of education policy recently outlined by Bush's the strangest education by''?
Who also lashed out at Bush to win the 2000 GOP presidential nomination?
What did Menendez suggest?
What did California Lt. Gov. Cruz Bustamante use Bush to whip up the enthusiasm of?
When did Gore say federal tax credit payments to the poor have been the ``single most beneficial economic change'' for Hispanics and other working poor families?
What is expected to become the largest ethnic minority in the country by 2005?
Where did Menendez also lash out to win the 2000 GOP presidential nomination?
Who suggested that the Texan's campaign signature of ``compassionate conservatism'' insults Hispanics?
Who is steak?
What do anybody who thinks that George W. Bush is good for Latinos _?
Who accepted endorsements from hundreds of Latino leaders?
What did California Lt. Gov. Cruz Bustamante use Bush to whip up?
What is the Hispanic community keenly interested in?
What are claiming they can add by subtracting and dividing?
What are dollars in those tax credit payments claiming they can add by?
What has Vice President Al Gore released a list of new endorsements for his 2000 presidential bid from state on the eve of his 59th trip to California?
Who has Vice President Al Gore released a list of new endorsements for his 2000 presidential bid from state congressional leaders _ including U. S. Sen. Dianne Feinstein on?
Who will Gore speak to during his state trip?
What had been the target of recent criticism from GOP leaders saying he lacks the thick roster of endorsements compiled by Republican front-runner Texas Gov. George W. Bush?
What has Feinstein long expressed?
What has Vice President Al Gore released a list of from state congressional leaders _ including U. S. Sen. Dianne Feinstein on the eve of his 59th trip to California?
What had Gore's campaign been saying he lacks the thick roster of endorsements compiled by Republican front-runner Texas Gov. George W. Bush?
What will Gore speak to the United States?
What do Vice President Al Gore recognize?
Who 'll the vice president continue to do so as?
What is Vice President Al Gore's two-day trip beginning Thursday designed in part to?
Who has long expressed her support of Gore's 2000 presidential bid?
Who will visit a public high school?
What had Gore's campaign been the target of saying Vice President Al Gore lacks the thick roster of endorsements compiled by Republican front-runner Texas Gov. George W. Bush?
Who will speak to labor leaders during his state trip?
What had Gore's campaign been the target of saying he lacks the thick roster of endorsements compiled by Republican front-runner Texas Gov. George W. Bush?
What is designed in part to showcase the formal endorsement of Gov. Gray Davis _ who will tour California with him _ as well as other state Democratic leaders?
What had Gore's campaign been saying Vice President Al Gore lacks the thick roster of endorsements compiled by Republican front-runner Texas Gov. George W. Bush?
Where will Gore speak Hispanic Chamber of Commerce?
What do Vice President Al Gore recognize the vice president has?
What will Gore speak to the United States Hispanic Chamber of?
Who will speak to the United States Hispanic Chamber of Commerce?
What will Gore speak to Hispanic Chamber of Commerce?
What will Gore visit?
Who do Vice President Al Gore recognize has a serious commitment to standing up for the issues that are important to the people of California _?
What do they recognize?
Whose 2000 presidential bid has Feinstein long expressed her support of?
What will Gore speak to labor leaders during?
Who 'll continue to do so as president?
What has Vice President Al Gore released from state congressional leaders _ including U. S. Sen. Dianne Feinstein on the eve of his 59th trip to California?
Who recognize the vice president has a serious commitment to standing up for the issues that are important to the people of California _?
Who do they recognize has a serious commitment to standing up for the issues that are important to the people of California _?
What do they recognize the vice president has?
Who 'll he continue to do so as?
What has Feinstein long expressed her support of?
What recognize the vice president has a serious commitment to standing up for the issues that are important to the people of California _?
What is his two-day trip beginning Thursday designed in part to?
Whose campaign had been the target of recent criticism from GOP leaders saying he lacks the thick roster of endorsements compiled by Republican front-runner Texas Gov. George W. Bush?
Who did Moorman describe NASHVILLE, Tenn. _ Vice President Al Gore as?
What was across the street from Nashville's Centennial Medical Center?
What did Gore 2000 officials readily acknowledge that the campaign needs rehabilitation in?
What was Gore dressed in?
What was the new headquarters building across?
What did Gore announce to in one of the more dramatic actions of the Beltway's campaign?
What's where we turn to remember ourselves in the best sense?
Who did Deedie Drake say ``'s one of Tennessee''?
Whose presidential campaign was Tony Coelho the chairman of?
Who were similarly casual?
Who added, ``Inside the Beltway, hundreds of Georgians are a little jaded about presidential candidates''?
What are Coelho, Brazile and Carter Eskew already working out of?
Who was William Moorman?
What did Brazile say until?
What did Brazile say will not be fully operational until the middle of October?
When had Gore's campaign been run from high-rent offices on K Street in Washington?
Who described himself as an ``independent'' voter?
What did Deedie Drake say ``He's''?
Who described NASHVILLE, Tenn. _ Vice President Al Gore as an ``independent'' voter?
What did she say, ``The ` Tennessee Travelers ' are going to tell everybody in Iowa and New Hampshire''?
Who continued to project a more relaxed style at Wednesday's ceremonies?
Who was a 48-year-old blue collar employee of British Petroleum?
Who did Deedie Drake say ``'s one of us''?
Who have critics suggested that the campaign move is little more than a stunt by?
What had Gore's campaign been run from high-rent offices on K Street in until Wednesday?
Where was William Moorman dropping off film?
What did NASHVILLE, Tenn. _ Vice President Al Gore declare ``a new day'' in his presidential bid Wednesday with?
Who was Tony Coelho?
Who 2000 officials readily acknowledged that the campaign needs rehabilitation in the wake of a stronger than expected challenge from former New Jersey Sen. Bill Bradley?
Who said, ``Somebody has to stand up for the working families in this country''?
What did Coelho acknowledge was absent in Washington?
How many states was New Hampshire?
What did the new headquarters building once serve as?
What did Jimmy Carter send to the early primary states?
Who was Gore's decision to run his presidential campaign from Tennessee widely praised by customers at?
Who said, ``he connects with people in Tennessee''?
What did NASHVILLE, Tenn. _ Vice President Al Gore promise?
What did Moorman add there's?
Who said, ``The ` Tennessee Travelers ' are going to tell everybody in Iowa and New Hampshire what Al Gore is all about''?
What do I guess?
Who is often mocked for his formality?
Who did Jimmy Carter send hundreds of to the early primary states?
Who was an elderly woman from Murfreesboro?
Who said the Nashville site will not be fully operational until the middle of October?
Who was the chairman of Gore's presidential campaign?
Whose formality is Gore often mocked for?
Where had Gore's campaign been run from high-rent offices on K Street until Wednesday?
Who guess that's what he's trying to do?
Who used a similar tactic?
What did Jimmy Carter send hundreds of Georgians to?
What once served as a rehabilitation center?
What do NASHVILLE, Tenn. _ Vice President Al Gore guess?
Who did Moorman describe as an ``independent'' voter?
What to do that, 2000 officials said?
Whose decision to run his presidential campaign from Tennessee was widely praised by customers at the Kmart near his new headquarters on the west side of downtown Nashville?
What was William Moorman dropping off film at?
Who tries to rejuvenate a White House bid?
What did the vice president say, Home is not only with his wife Tipper and his 87-year-old mother Pauline at his side?
Who is the media consultant hired to help develop Gore's campaign message?
Who was Gore's decision to run NASHVILLE, Tenn. _ Vice President Al Gore's presidential campaign from Tennessee widely praised by customers at?
What did the vice president say, Home is not only a place _ it's an idea. . . Home is where we learn our values with?
Who have the Tennesseans who came to watch Gore cut the ribbon on his new headquarters always viewed as one of their own?
What did the state Gore represent in for 16 years before being elected vice president on the ticket with Bill Clinton in 1992?
Who have always viewed the vice president as one of their own?
What did Gore 2000 officials readily acknowledge that the campaign needs in the wake of a stronger than expected challenge from former New Jersey Sen. Bill Bradley?
Who was Gore's decision to run his presidential campaign from Tennessee widely praised by at the Kmart near his new headquarters on the west side of downtown Nashville?
What did Gore 2000 officials readily acknowledge in?
What was New Hampshire?
What did Gore tell that has not gone according to plan, ``Home is where we start from''?
Who are already working out of the Nashville office?
Who is Coelho, Brazile and Carter Eskew?
What did newly appointed campaign manager Donna Brazile say, ``The ` Tennessee Travelers ' are going to tell everybody in Iowa and New Hampshire''?
Who said ``He's one of us''?
What was the corridor favored by the lobbying and law firms that wield so much influence in the nation's capital?
What did Coelho acknowledge that kind of enthusiasm for Gore was absent in?
What did Deedie Drake say ``the vice president's''?
When did the state Gore represent in Congress before being elected vice president on the ticket with Bill Clinton in 1992?
What was Washington?
Who was William Moorman a 48-year-old blue collar employee of?
Who acknowledged that kind of enthusiasm for Gore was absent in Washington?
Who added, ``Inside the Beltway, they are a little jaded about presidential candidates''?
Who is often mocked for Deedie Drake's formality?
What does he try to rejuvenate?
What was Tony Coelho the chairman of?
Who was Deedie Drake?
What did the vice president say, Home is not only a place _ with his wife Tipper and his 87-year-old mother Pauline at his side?
Where did Coelho acknowledge that kind of enthusiasm for Gore was absent?
Who was Jimmy Carter?
Who did Moorman describe himself as?
What did Gore continue to project a more relaxed style at?
What do NASHVILLE, Tenn. _ Vice President Al Gore guess that's?
Who said ``the vice president's one of Tennessee''?
What Gore represented in Congress for 16 years before being elected vice president on the ticket with Bill Clinton in 1992?
Whose campaign had been run from high-rent offices on K Street in Washington until Wednesday?
What did Deedie Drake say ``the vice president's one of''?
Who added there's just too much money influencing things in Washington?
Who guesses that's what he's trying to do?
What is Gore often mocked for?
What had been run from high-rent offices on K Street in Washington until Wednesday?
What was the two states?
What did Jimmy Carter use?
Who called themselves the ``Peanut Brigade''?
What do I guess that's?
Who sent hundreds of Georgians to the early primary states?
What had Gore's campaign been run from in Washington until Wednesday?
What to do that, they said?
What is anything but casual in trying to shift its massive political operation from Washington to Nashville?
What was William Moorman dropping off at the Kmart?
Who promised a ``rip-tootin ' campaign'' against Bradley?
Who have suggested that the campaign move is little more than a stunt by a presidential candidate who has spent virtually his entire life in Washington?
Who was a dark horse for the Democratic nomination in 1976?
Who said, ``Tennessee has a tremendous amount of pride in Al Gore''?
What did Deedie Drake say ?
What did Gore continue to project at Wednesday's ceremonies?
Who did Deedie Drake say ``He's one of''?
Who was dressed in a blue sports shirt, khaki pants and cowboy boots?
What have the Tennesseans who came to watch Gore cut the ribbon on his new headquarters always viewed the vice president as?
Who said, ``NASHVILLE, Tenn. _ Vice President Al Gore connects with people in Tennessee''?
What have critics suggested that the campaign move is little more than by a presidential candidate who has spent virtually his entire life in Washington?
What was widely praised by customers at the Kmart near his new headquarters on the west side of downtown Nashville?
Who was dropping off film at the Kmart?
What did he promise?
What did Gore announce to in one of the more dramatic actions of his campaign?
What does NASHVILLE, Tenn. _ Vice President Al Gore try to rejuvenate?
What have critics suggested than?
What did Brazile say the Nashville site will not be fully operational until?
What called themselves the ``Peanut Brigade''?
When did newly appointed campaign manager Donna Brazile say?
When did WASHINGTON say that U. S. Vice President Al Gore is moving his campaign to State of Tennessee?
Who told a news conference, ``I want to take this campaign for the presidency directly to the grass roots and directly to the American people''?
When will he open his new headquarters at downtown Nashville in Tennessee State?
What do U. S. Vice President Al Gore 'm going to fight out for every single vote?
What did the former Tennessee senator grow up in?
What came with a growing concern within the Gore campaign about the threat from Democratic Bradley and Republican presidential front-runner George W. Bush?
Who will open his new headquarters in a week at downtown Nashville in Tennessee State?
What was stock and barrel?
When was WASHINGTON?
Whose move is expected to cut his campaign staff?
What did the former Tennessee senator say of?
Who said he is taking his campaign lock out of the nation's capital and to downtown Nashville in Tennessee State?
Who did analysts say the move also will help distance from President Bill Clinton?
Where did WASHINGTON say Wednesday that U. S. Vice President Al Gore is moving his campaign?
When did WASHINGTON say that he is moving his campaign to State of Tennessee?
Whose move is expected to cut who grew up in Washington's campaign staff?
What is this?
What was lock?
What has President Bill Clinton's scandal-plagued administration had on the vice president's poll numbers?
What do I 'm going to fight my heart out for?
Whose announcement came with a growing concern within the Gore campaign about the threat from Democratic Bradley and Republican presidential front-runner George W. Bush?
What did WASHINGTON say Wednesday that he is moving to State of Tennessee?
Whose poll numbers has President Bill Clinton's scandal-plagued administration had a negative pull on?
Who did analysts say the move also will help distance Gore from?
Who grew up in Washington?
Who said the move also will help distance Gore from President Bill Clinton?
What said Wednesday that U. S. Vice President Al Gore is moving his campaign to State of Tennessee?
What will he open his new headquarters in a week at?
What has had a negative pull on the vice president's poll numbers?
What said Wednesday that he is moving his campaign to State of Tennessee?
What did Gore's announcement come with within the Gore campaign about the threat from Democratic Bradley and Republican presidential front-runner George W. Bush?
Where will he open his new headquarters in a week?
What is expected to cut who grew up in Washington's campaign staff?
What did he tell, ``I want to take this campaign for the presidency directly to the grass roots and directly to the American people''?
What is a hard, tough fight?
What do U. S. Vice President Al Gore 'm going to fight my heart out for?
Who said, ``I welcome the new shape of this campaign''?
Where did the former Tennessee senator grow up?
Who 'mes going to fight my heart out for every single vote?
What did Gore's announcement come with a growing concern within?
Where did WASHINGTON say Wednesday?
Who 'm going to fight my heart out for every single vote?
Who did analysts say from?
What has President Bill Clinton's scandal-plagued administration had a negative pull on?
What did WASHINGTON say Wednesday that he is moving his campaign to?
What did WASHINGTON say Wednesday to?
What was September 29-- U. S. Vice President Al Gore?
What did WASHINGTON say Wednesday that U. S. Vice President Al Gore is moving his campaign to?
What will he open in a week at downtown Nashville in Tennessee State?
What do I 'm going to fight out for every single vote?
What did WASHINGTON say Wednesday that U. S. Vice President Al Gore is moving to State of Tennessee?
What is expected to cut his campaign staff?
Where did WASHINGTON say Wednesday that he is moving his campaign?
What did analysts say also will help distance Gore from President Bill Clinton?
Whose scandal-plagued administration has had a negative pull on the vice president's poll numbers?
Who did the former Tennessee senator say is taking his campaign lock out of the nation's capital and to downtown Nashville in Tennessee State?
What was Coelho named general chairman of in May 1999 in the first major shakeup of Gore's presidential campaign?
Who is Daley?
Who is 51?
What did a senior Gore official say for?
What was June 15-- U. S. Vice President Al Gore Thursday?
Who is son of former Chicago Mayor Richard Daley and brother of the city's current mayor?
Who called Gore Wednesday night with his resignation?
Who was Coelho named in May 1999 in the first major shakeup of Gore's presidential campaign?
When was WASHINGTON?
Who chaired the 1996 Democratic convention in his native city of Chicago?
Who helped Clinton win the White House in 1992?
When did Coelho check into hospital in Washington?
What did Commerce Secretary William Daley recently lead to win passage of a legislation granting permanent normal trade relations status to China by the U. S. House of Representatives?
What did Daley help Clinton win in 1992?
When was Coelho named general chairman of Gore's presidential campaign in the first major shakeup of Gore's presidential campaign?
What is Daley?
Who was named general chairman of Gore's presidential campaign in May 1999 in the first major shakeup of Gore's presidential campaign?
What did Tony Coelho, the former California congressman who was hired by Gore a year ago to lead the campaign call Gore Wednesday night with?
What did WASHINGTON name Commerce Secretary William Daley to take over?
Who is Daley considered?
What named Commerce Secretary William Daley to take over his presidential campaign?
Who was a prominent Democratic strategist?
Who checked into hospital in Washington Monday night?
What was Coelho named general chairman of Gore's presidential campaign in May 1999 in?
When will resign from the present office on July 15 to replace Tony Coelho who was hired by Gore a year ago to lead the campaign?
Whose orders did a senior Gore official say for?
Who has extraordinary connections in the Democratic Party?
Who is Daley son of?
Who did WASHINGTON name to take over his presidential campaign?
What did Daley chair?
Who is considered a political insider with ties to both President Clinton and Gore?
What did Commerce Secretary William Daley recently lead a successful campaign for the White House to win passage of by the U. S. House of Representatives?
What did he recently lead a successful campaign for the White House to win by the U. S. House of Representatives?
What did he recently lead a successful campaign for the White House to win passage of by the U. S. House of Representatives?
Who did a senior Gore official say was leaving for health reasons and on doctor's orders?
What did he recently lead to win passage of a legislation granting permanent normal trade relations status to China by the U. S. House of Representatives?
Who will Delay resign from the present office on July 15 to replace?
What did Commerce Secretary William Daley recently lead a successful campaign for the White House to win by the U. S. House of Representatives?
What did Coelho check into Monday night?
Who did Daley help win the White House in 1992?
Who said Tony Coelho was leaving for health reasons and on doctor's orders?
What did he call Gore Wednesday night with?
Who was Coelho?
What will Delay resign from on July 15 to replace Tony Coelho who was hired by Gore a year ago to lead the campaign?
What did he recently lead a successful campaign for the White House to win passage of a legislation granting permanent normal trade relations status to China by?
When will Delay resign from the present office to replace Tony Coelho who was hired by Gore a year ago to lead the campaign?
What does Daley have?
When did Daley help Clinton win the White House?
Whose presidential campaign was Coelho named general chairman of in May 1999 in the first major shakeup of Gore's presidential campaign?
