Where did the couple also divide the furniture in Washington residence and in their apartment?
Who does Mrs. Gingrich claim transferred ``substantial portions of certain valuable assets'' before filing for divorce?
Whose divorce attorney was Thomas Browning?
When did Browning say?
Who did Browning say called her husband on his birthday in June 1987 to tell him she was leaving him?
Who has denied the allegation?
Who came back to Georgia to find his home emptied out?
What could Mayoue not be reached for?
What did Gingrich file for divorce July 29 amid?
What did Browning say the pair maintained for six years before reconciling in late 1993 or early 1994?
What was Mayoue out of Monday?
Who filed his request after his wife asked a judge to freeze the couple's assets until their divorce is final?
What does Mrs. Gingrich claim for?
When did Browning say the pair maintained separate residences before reconciling in late 1993 or early 1994?
What does Mrs. Gingrich claim her husband transferred ``substantial portions of'' before filing for divorce?
Who claims her husband transferred ``substantial portions of certain valuable assets'' before filing for divorce?
What did Newt Gingrich's wife ask a judge to freeze until their divorce is final?
When did Gingrich file for divorce amid allegations he is having an affair with 33-year-old congressional aide Callista Bisek?
Who said, ``All she left was a television and a guest bed''?
Who did Mrs. Gingrich refer all questions pertaining to the divorce to?
What has Gingrich denied?
What is final?
Who did Browning say Marianne Gingrich called her husband on his birthday in June 1987 to tell she was leaving him?
Where did Gingrich come back to find his home emptied out?
What did Mrs. Gingrich refer to attorney John Mayoue?
Who referred all questions pertaining to the divorce to attorney John Mayoue?
What did Gingrich come back to Georgia to find?
When did Browning say Marianne Gingrich called her husband to tell him she was leaving him?
What do documents related to the divorce filed Friday in Cobb County Superior Court include?
What did the couple also divide the furniture in Washington residence and in their apartment in?
What also divided the furniture in Washington residence and in their apartment in Jonesboro?
What did it make?
Who said the pair maintained separate residences for six years before reconciling in late 1993 or early 1994?
Who did Browning say Marianne Gingrich called on his birthday in June 1987 to tell him she was leaving him?
Who was Mrs. Gingrich?
Where did the couple also divide the furniture in Washington residence and in the couple's bank loans and a Hecht's department store's apartment?
When were control over money market and checking accounts and the couple's 1984 Ford Thunderbird?
What also divided the furniture in Washington residence and in the couple's bank loans and a Hecht's department store's apartment in Jonesboro?
What did the couple also divide in Washington residence and in their apartment in Jonesboro?
Who asked a judge to freeze the couple's assets until their divorce is final?
What made Gingrich responsible for the couple's bank loans and a Hecht's department store account?
How many months were control over money market and checking accounts and the couple's 1984 Ford Thunderbird?
Who could not be reached for comment?
Who did Browning say Marianne Gingrich called her husband on his birthday in June 1987 to tell him was leaving him?
Who did the separation agreement call for to get $2,000 a month for six months?
What does Mrs. Gingrich claim her husband transferred before filing for divorce?
Who runs a political consulting firm?
Who did Browning say Marianne Gingrich called her husband on his birthday in June 1987 to tell him she was leaving?
What called for Mrs. Gingrich to get $2,000 a month for six months?
What did his wife ask a judge to freeze until their divorce is final?
When did the separation agreement call for Mrs. Gingrich to get $2,000 a month?
What did the couple also divide the furniture in Washington residence and in the couple's bank loans and a Hecht's department store's apartment in?
Who said Marianne Gingrich called her husband on his birthday in June 1987 to tell him she was leaving him?
Who was out of the office Monday?
Who did Newt Gingrich's wife ask to freeze the couple's assets until their divorce is final?
What did Browning say Marianne Gingrich called her husband on his birthday in June 1987 to tell him?
What did Gingrich file for July 29 amid allegations he is having an affair with 33-year-old congressional aide Callista Bisek?
What did Gingrich come back to to find his home emptied out?
Who was a county planner and business consultant from Ohio?
What did Gingrich file after his wife asked a judge to freeze the couple's assets until their divorce is final?
What include a separation agreement signed by the couple and notarized in December 1987?
Who filed for divorce July 29 amid allegations he is having an affair with 33-year-old congressional aide Callista Bisek?
Who was Gingrich's divorce attorney?
What does Gingrich run?
What were six months?
Whose wife asked a judge to freeze the couple's assets until their divorce is final?
What did Browning say maintained separate residences for six years before reconciling in late 1993 or early 1994?
What did the couple also divide in Washington residence and in the couple's bank loans and a Hecht's department store's apartment in Jonesboro?
Who did his wife ask to freeze the couple's assets until their divorce is final?
Who was Thomas Browning?
When was Mayoue out of the office?
Who filed for the divorce in July?
Who was the 33-year-old congressional aide?
Who was Randy Evans?
What did Gingrich say in a separate filing?
What did Mrs. Gingrich's attorney tell the newspaper?
When did phone calls to Gingrich's office and Mrs. Gingrich's house go unanswered?
What was reached prior to a Thursday hearing that was expected to attract national media?
What was the 33-year-old congressional aide Callista Bisek of?
Who did he further accuse of depleting ``a substantial portion'' of those assets?
Whose attorney was John Mayoue?
Who said in a separate filing that Mrs. Gingrich held all the couple's personal liquid assets when they separated?
What did Randy Evans say gives them both support to live off of?
Who was Marianne?
Whose attorney was Randy Evans?
What reported Tuesday ATLANTA-- Former House Speaker Newt Gingrich has reached an agreement with his wife on how to divide their assets as part of their divorce proceedings?
Who was Mrs. Gingrich's attorney?
When did Randy Evans say the confidential agreement on who owns what between Gingrich and his wife was reached?
Who filed court papers in August accusing Gingrich of trying to transfer assets before the divorce filing?
What did Newt Gingrich file for in July?
Who was 56?
What did Randy Evans say was reached Monday?
Who said the confidential agreement on who owns what between Gingrich and his wife gives them both support to live off of?
What does the gingriches not only end?
Who was Former House Speaker Newt Gingrich's wife?
Who did Former House Speaker Newt Gingrich further accuse of depleting ``a substantial portion'' of those assets?
What went unanswered late Monday?
What does the gingriches not only avoid answering?
Who was Gingrich's attorney?
What did Gingrich say in that Mrs. Gingrich held all the couple's personal liquid assets when they separated?
What was Gingrich?
Who did Mrs. Gingrich file court papers in August accusing of trying to transfer assets before the divorce filing?
Whose wife was Marianne?
What did Gingrich say in a separate filing that Mrs. Gingrich held when they separated?
What did the Atlanta Journal-Constitution report Tuesday has reached an agreement with his wife on how to divide their assets as part of their divorce proceedings?
When did Newt Gingrich file for the divorce?
Who was his wife?
What Gingriches not only end their 18-year marriage?
What did Mrs. Gingrich's attorney tell that an agreement was reached?
Who was John Mayoue?
Who would give no details?
What did Mrs. Gingrich file in August accusing Gingrich of trying to transfer assets before the divorce filing?
What did the Atlanta Journal-Constitution report Tuesday ATLANTA-- Former House Speaker Newt Gingrich has reached on how to divide their assets as part of their divorce proceedings?
What was the agreement reached prior to?
Who said the confidential agreement on who owns what between Gingrich and his wife was reached Monday?
What would Mrs. Gingrich's attorney give?
What Gingriches not only avoid answering specific charges they 've made against each other since Newt Gingrich filed for the divorce in July?
Whose attorney would give no details?
Who told the newspaper that an agreement was reached?
Whose attorney told the newspaper that an agreement was reached?
When did Mrs. Gingrich file court papers accusing Gingrich of trying to transfer assets before the divorce filing?
Who further accused her of depleting ``a substantial portion'' of those assets?
Who was Callista Bisek of Virginia?
What the subpoena also requests any clothes or other personal items belonging to Gingrich in?
What the subpoena also requests any clothes or other personal items belonging to Gingrich that Ms. Bisek has in?
What married 18 years ago?
Who are Mrs. Gingrich's lawyers trying to establish on?
When the subpoena requests documents and other items dating?
What the subpoena also requests belonging to Gingrich that Ms. Bisek has in her possession?
Who are trying to establish whether Gingrich gave Ms. Bisek funds or spent the couple's money on her?
Who filed for divorce July 29 from Marianne Gingrich?
What reported in today's editions neither attorney in the case was available for comment Friday?
What is Callista Bisek?
What is final?
Who have Divorce lawyers for Newt Gingrich's wife subpoenaed cards, e-mail, phone records and other documents from?
What did the Atlanta Journal-Constitution report in neither attorney in the case was available for comment Friday?
What is Callista Bisek a staff member of?
What requests documents and other items dating to January 1995?
Who reached an agreement on how to temporarily split their assets until the divorce is final?
Who gave Ms. Bisek funds or spent the couple's money on her?
Who is scheduled to give a videotaped deposition Wednesday in the Gingriches ' divorce case?
When did the Atlanta Journal-Constitution report in today's editions neither attorney in the case was available for comment?
What did the Gingriches reach on how to temporarily split their assets until the divorce is final?
Who the subpoena also requests any clothes or other personal items belonging to that Ms. Bisek has in her possession?
Whose lawyers are trying to establish whether Gingrich gave Ms. Bisek funds or spent the couple's money on her?
When did Gingrich file for divorce from Marianne Gingrich?
What the subpoena requests dating to January 1995?
Who did Gingrich file for divorce July 29 from?
Who is a staff member of the House Agriculture Committee?
What requests any clothes or other personal items belonging to Gingrich that Ms. Bisek has in her possession?
What did Gingrich file for July 29 from Marianne Gingrich?
What have Divorce lawyers for Newt Gingrich's wife subpoenaed from a woman who has been romantically linked to the former House speaker?
Who have subpoenaed cards, e-mail, phone records and other documents from a woman who has been romantically linked to the former House speaker?
What did the Atlanta Journal-Constitution report in today's editions neither attorney in the case was available for Friday?
Who did the Atlanta Journal-Constitution report in today's editions was available for comment Friday?
Who gave Ms. Bisek money or spent the couple's money on her?
What's just that we 're going to go by the rules the best we can?
Who was Randy Evans?
What will be decided by a Superior Court judge in Marietta?
Who reached an agreement this month on how to temporarily split their assets until the divorce is final?
What did Callista Bisek also argue about?
Who lived at Ga.?
Who are trying to establish whether Gingrich gave Ms. Bisek money or spent the couple's money on her?
Who also argued that she cannot be required to testify about her relationship with Gingrich under the constitutional prohibition against self-incrimination?
What did he describe the position taken by Gingrich's lawyers as ``preposterous and unsupported'' by in his court filing?
Whose lawyers do Court papers filed in Marietta show to?
What did John Mayou describe the position taken by Gingrich's lawyers as ``preposterous and unsupported'' by any authority in?
Who was 56?
Whose clothes or other personal items in Ms. Bisek's possession the subpoena also requests any of?
Who said Georgia divorce law limits each side to 50 questions, and with the 32 questions and their subparts Mrs. Gingrich's lawyers posed more than 150?
What did Callista Bisek ask a judge to overturn in motions filed last week in Superior Court for the District of Columbia?
What has been set?
Who was Callista Bisek?
What did Evans characterize as ``litigation saber rattling?''
What does it's just by?
What did she also argue that she cannot be required to testify about her relationship with Gingrich under?
What will this thing spin out of?
Who are Mrs. Gingrich's lawyers trying to establish on?
What did John Mayou say using the 50-question rule is simply?''
What did Randy Evans say to?
Who said ``We answered 50 and told them if they want more than that''?
Whose lawyers did Randy Evans say to?
What is final?
What the subpoena also requests any of?
Where did the Gingriches live?
What did he describe as ``preposterous and unsupported'' by any authority in his court filing?
What did John Mayou say using is simply ``a ploy not to answer legitimate questions?''
Who was John Mayou?
Who described the position taken by Gingrich's lawyers as ``preposterous and unsupported'' by any authority in his court filing?
Who said using the 50-question rule is simply ``a ploy not to answer legitimate questions?''
Who was attorney for Mrs. Gingrich?
What does it's just that we 're going to go by the best we can?
Who do Court papers filed in Marietta show to?
What is Marietta?
What did Randy Evans say limits each side to 50 questions, and with the 32 questions and their subparts Mrs. Gingrich's lawyers posed more than 150?
Who filed for divorce July 29?
Who will the dispute be decided by?
What is a crime in the District of Columbia?
Who is Ga.?
What did Gingrich file for July 29?
Whose lawyers are trying to establish whether Gingrich gave Ms. Bisek money or spent the couple's money on her?
Who characterized the accusations as ``litigation saber rattling?''
What do Court papers filed in Marietta show that Mrs. Gingrich's lawyers posed 32 sets of to Gingrich?
Who do Court papers filed in Marietta show that Mrs. Gingrich's lawyers posed 32 sets of questions to?
What did Callista Bisek also argue that she cannot be required to testify about her relationship with Gingrich under?
What did Evans say ?
Who was separated from his wife of 18 years on May 10?
Whose attorneys did Ms. Bisek argue through?''
What did John Mayou describe as ``preposterous and unsupported'' by any authority in his court filing?
Whose constitutional right to privacy did Ms. Bisek argue through?''
What show that Mrs. Gingrich's lawyers posed 32 sets of questions to Gingrich?
What did he describe the position taken by Gingrich's lawyers as ``preposterous and unsupported'' by any authority in?
What did he answer?
Whose lawyer was Randy Evans?
What did he answer parts of?
How many sets of questions do Court papers filed in Marietta show that Mrs. Gingrich's lawyers posed to Gingrich?
What did Callista Bisek answer?
Who answered parts of only two sets of the questions that dealt with sources of his income and retirement plans?
What did Ms. Bisek argue through?''
What did the Gingriches live at?
What are trying to keep lawyers for Gingrich's wife from finding out details of their relationship?
What documents and other items dating from January 1995?
When did Gingrich file for divorce?
What was Gingrich?
Who was Gingrich's lawyer?
What did Callista Bisek answer parts of?
What will spin out of control?
What the subpoena also requests?
What did John Mayou say?''
What requests any of Gingrich's clothes or other personal items in Ms. Bisek's possession?
What are resolved?
When was Gingrich separated from his wife of 18 years?
What did she also argue about?
Who was a clerk for the House Agriculture Committee?
What does it's just that we 're going to go by the rules?
What did John Mayou describe the position taken by Gingrich's lawyers as ``preposterous and unsupported'' by in his court filing?
What did Evans characterize the accusations as?''
Who was Gingrich separated from on May 10?
What do Court papers filed in Marietta show that Mrs. Gingrich's lawyers posed to Gingrich?
What did Callista Bisek ask a judge to overturn a Georgia court order requiring her to answer questions about her relationship with Gingrich in?
What likely will be postponed until her motions are resolved?
What is adultery?
Who did Evans say ``answered 50 and told them if they want more than that''?
What did he say Gingrich has turned over?
Who said he was not aware of any improprieties by either party?
Who does he say she is hoarding-- is asking a judge to force his estranged wife to turn over money?
Who was Randy Evans?
Who does Mrs. Gingrich also want to question?
Who said he believes Mrs. Gingrich still owes the account tens of thousands of dollars?
What did Randy Evans file a motion Wednesday in Cobb County Superior Court asking to?
Who did he say has turned over about $35,000?
Who also wants to question Callista Bisek?
What agreed last month to transfer assets into a joint account until their divorce is final?
What did the couple agree last month to transfer into a joint account until their divorce is final?
What does he say-- Former House Speaker Newt Gingrich is asking a judge to force his estranged wife to turn over money?
What was Wednesday's motion one of?
What separated from Harvey Cohen's wife of 18 years in May and filed for divorce in July?
When did the couple agree to transfer assets into a joint account until their divorce is final?
What agreed last month to set up the joint account?
Who has turned over only several thousand?
What does it threaten if she refuses?
Who filed a motion Wednesday in Cobb County Superior Court asking that Marianne Gingrich be forced to transfer the money to a joint account within 14 days?
Who is John Mayoue?
Who does he say she is hoarding-- Former House Speaker Newt Gingrich is asking to force his estranged wife to turn over money?
What did Evans say he believes?
When did the couple agree to set up the joint account?
Whose attorney was Randy Evans?
What did Evans say he believes Mrs. Gingrich still owes the account tens of?
What agreed last month to transfer assets into it until their divorce is final?
What did Randy Evans file a motion Wednesday in asking that Marianne Gingrich be forced to transfer the money to a joint account within 14 days?
Who is Mrs. Gingrich's attorney?
Who did Evans say believes Mrs. Gingrich still owes the account tens of thousands of dollars?
Who has his wife sought to force to face formal questioning about his personal and financial affairs?
What did Harvey Cohen say he was not aware of by either party?
What did Harvey Cohen say of?
Who does he say is hoarding-- Former House Speaker Newt Gingrich is asking a judge to force his estranged wife to turn over money?
What separated from his wife of 18 years in May and filed for divorce in July?
Who was Gingrich's attorney?
Who has denied the allegations?
What threatens a contempt action if she refuses?
Who says she is hoarding-- Former House Speaker Newt Gingrich is asking a judge to force his estranged wife to turn over money?
What did Former House Speaker Newt Gingrich say Gingrich has turned over?
Who was the accountant hired to manage the joint account?
Who is Callista Bisek?
Who did Evans say he believes still owes the account tens of thousands of dollars?
What did Evans say he believes Mrs. Gingrich still owes?
What is final?
What has Mrs. Gingrich's attorney denied?
Who did Harvey Cohen say was not aware of any improprieties by either party?
Who has Former House Speaker Newt Gingrich's wife sought to force to face formal questioning about his personal and financial affairs?
What did Harvey Cohen say he was not aware of any improprieties by?
Whose attorney has denied the allegations?
What was one of a series filed by Gingrich this week in an effort to take the offensive against his wife?
Who has sought to force him to face formal questioning about his personal and financial affairs?
What was Wednesday's motion?
What did the couple agree last month to set up?
Who was Harvey Cohen?
When did the couple agree to transfer assets into it until their divorce is final?
Whose attorney is John Mayoue?
What does he say she is-- Former House Speaker Newt Gingrich is asking a judge to force his estranged wife to turn over money?
Whose wife has sought to force him to face formal questioning about his personal and financial affairs?
What did the couple agree last month to transfer assets into until their divorce is final?
Who said Gingrich has turned over about $35,000?
What did Evans say?
Who did Former House Speaker Newt Gingrich say has turned over about $35,000?
Who is a congressional aide to whom Gingrich has been romantically linked?
What did the couple agree last month to transfer into it until their divorce is final?
What has Mrs. Gingrich turned over?
Whose wife of 18 years in May was 56 separated from and?
What does the former Speaker say former House Speaker Newt Gingrich's hoarding the financial agreement was submitted as?
Who released a temporary financial agreement lawyers signed last month that pays each about $10,000 a month on Thursday?
Who was separated from Callista Bisek's wife of 18 years in May and?
When did a judge rule that a congressional aide linked romantically with former House Speaker Newt Gingrich must testify in his divorce case?
What did District of Columbia Superior Court Judge Brook Hedge find her arguments ``without?''
Who also said she should not be required to testify about her relationship with Gingrich under the constitutional prohibition against self-incrimination?
What did Ms. Bisek argue through?
What does he say she's hoarding the financial agreement was submitted as?
What had Callista Bisek tried to block?
What did Ms. Bisek also say she should not be required to testify about her relationship with Gingrich under?
Who was Marianne?
Who ruled Thursday that a congressional aide linked romantically with former House Speaker Newt Gingrich must testify in his divorce case?
Who was Gingrich separated from and?
When did the former Speaker release a temporary financial agreement he and his wife signed last month that pays each about $10,000 a month?
Who be her to deposed by for Gingrich's wife?
Whose attorneys did Ms. Bisek argue through?
Who was 56?
What did Gingrich file for in July?
When did Gingrich file for divorce?
What did District of Columbia Superior Court Judge Brook Hedge find ``without merit?''
Who have attempted to probe his finances, business dealings and his relationship with Ms. Bisek?
Who be her to deposed by lawyers for?
What found her arguments ``without merit?''
What was Gingrich?
Who was Gingrich's wife?
What is self-incrimination?
Whose wife was Marianne?
What was separated from Callista Bisek's wife of 18 years in May and?
Whose wife be her to deposed by lawyers for?
Who had tried to block the subpoena that called for her to be deposed by lawyers for Gingrich's wife?
Who was separated from his wife of 18 years in May and?
What did Ms. Bisek also say about?
What gives Mrs. Gingrich the couple's house in Marietta, Ga. , and Gingrich their Washington apartment?
What did a judge rule Thursday in?
Who argued that her constitutional right to privacy would be violated by allowing Mrs. Gingrich's attorneys ``to rummage through every aspect'' of her personal life?
Who to be deposed by lawyers for Gingrich's wife?
What have lawyers for Mrs. Gingrich attempted to probe?
What did a judge rule Thursday that a congressional aide linked romantically with former House Speaker Newt Gingrich must testify in?
Who filed for divorce in July?
What gives Mrs. Gingrich the couple's house in Marietta, Ga. , and Gingrich the couple's Washington apartment?
What is a crime in the District of Columbia?
Who was 56 separated from and?
Who did Ms. Bisek also say should not be required to testify about her relationship with Gingrich under the constitutional prohibition against self-incrimination?
When did the former Speaker release a temporary financial agreement lawyers signed last month that pays each about $10,000 a month?
What was separated from his wife of 18 years in May and?
Who released a temporary financial agreement he and his wife signed last month that pays each about $10,000 a month on Thursday?
Whose wife of 18 years in May was Gingrich separated from and?
What is Gingrich?
What is Bisek?
Who was Randy Evans?
Who have acknowledged he had a relationship with Bisek while he was married to his second wife?
What have attorneys for Gingrich acknowledged he had while he was married to his second wife?
What were divorced in December?
Who said Wednesday?
Who was the former House speaker's personal lawyer?
Whose personal lawyer was Randy Evans?
What was Alexandria?
Who is 56?
When did his lawyer say?
What 're looking for a house in Virginia?
Who is 33?
What do they 're looking for?
Who is Marianne?
Who was he married to?
Who have attorneys for Gingrich acknowledged to?
When were they divorced?
What was Va.?
Who 're looking for a house in Virginia?
Who was married to his second wife?
Who is his second wife?
Who were divorced in December?
What do the former House speaker 're looking for?
When were attorneys for Gingrich, 56, divorced?
When are married getting hitched?
What are getting hitched this summer?
Who said?
Who have attorneys for Gingrich acknowledged had a relationship with Bisek while he was married to his second wife?
Who did fewer people seem to notice?
What do Gingrich's press office average?
Who is Mr. Speaker?
What did Gingrich say after signing it you have to buy?
What had House Republicans shifted to Rep. Bob Livingston by the time Gingrich arrived on Capitol Hill last Monday to a bittersweet welcome party organized by staff?
Who are having their most disastrous year of the decade?
What were just a jillion tasks?
What has Gingrich already become speaker in only?
Whose operations manager was Steve Wesbrook?
What Gingrich's office was quiet most of the week in?
When did Marianne pop in and out of Gingrich's office all day?
What was Rep. Bob Livingston the lanky chairman of who will be named speaker by his colleagues on Wednesday?
Who does that's about?
Who said ``He told me to hang in there''?
Who did an associate of the tourist turn to?
Who recalled how Gingrich had come to her district before the election and energized her supporters ``by what he had to say?''
Who was Rep. Bob Livingston?
Who proclaimed their affection with posters saying, ``Gingrich love Newt?''
What did Livingston emerge from Tuesday afternoon?
Who dropped in to see the speaker last week?
When was the first formal meeting between the two men since Livingston announced he would run for speaker?
Who emerged from a meeting with Gingrich Tuesday afternoon?
Who did he tell that they should also have fun?
What did Gingrich give greeting to the 40 newly elected members of the House at freshmen orientation?
What hit newsstands?
What was a Washington institution near the White House?
What did the post-election issue of Newsweek hit?
Who did Gingrich meet with for more than an hour the Friday after the elections?
What did Gingrich tell the new members that he urged to make a special effort to spend time with their families at the breakfast?
What are Walker and others betting that he will take on the lucrative lecture circuit?
What were little changed from Gingrich's stock campaign speech?
Who said after signing it you have to buy this book?
Where was Gingrich nearly tackled by a breathless student from the University of Maryland who said she was studying Gingrich in college?
What was another Washington institution?
Who was former Senate Majority Leader Bob Dole's operations manager?
Who did Gingrich tell that service in the House was a strain on home life at the breakfast?
When Gingrich's office was quiet in contrast?
When were Gingrich's staff member already adjusting to Gingrich's new roles?
What did Robert Walker come in to work after with Marianne and daughters Jackie Sue Cushman and Kathy Gingrich-Lubbers at the Old Ebbitt Grill?
What had House Republicans shifted their allegiance to Rep. Bob Livingston by?
What was it standing room only as reporters, lobbyists and staff in?
What was plan?
What did Gingrich meet with Livingston for more than an hour the Friday after?
What was the past week beginning with his return to Washington after?
When did Gingrich perform perhaps his most meaningful official duty?
What did Gingrich once hope Walker would be?
What did Gingrich say after signing this an associate of the tourist have to buy?
Who begged Gingrich to sign a copy of ``To Renew America,'' Gingrich's 1995 book?
Who was dressed in black slacks, white shoes and brown leather jacket?
Who is 55?
What was Casey Weldon getting?
Who do the woman beg to sign it?
What was it standing only as reporters, lobbyists and staff in Livingston's office adjacent to the Capitol?
What will continue to allow him to discuss ideas without the chore of trying to translate them into legislation?
What did Staff members proclaim with posters saying, ``Gingrich love Newt?''
What was Gingrich nearly tackled by a breathless student from the University of Maryland who said she was studying Gingrich in college at?
Who did Gingrich say after signing this have to buy this book?
Where did he return on Friday?
What were Gingrich's staff member already adjusting to by Tuesday?
Who did Robert Walker bump into?
When came not from what Gingrich said?
What did Gingrich's power begin slipping the instant he announced 10 days ago for he has held since 1979?
How many calls a day do Gingrich's press office average?
Who left his office twice to walk the Mall with a close aide and once with his wife?
What did Gingrich's power begin slipping the instant Gingrich announced 10 days ago for he has held since 1979?
Who said, ``Nice to see you''?
Who did Weldon say ``Robert Walker told to hang in there''?
What's what you guys do not understand about him?
What was the past week beginning with after the Nov. 3 elections?
Who was his wife?
What is an opportunity?
Who did Steely say ``'s still king of the hill''?
What does he's got ahead of him, ``At 55''?
Who do the woman beg to sign a copy of ``To Renew America,'' Gingrich's 1995 book?
Who once hoped Walker would be his majority whip instead of Rep. Tom DeLay?
When was beginning with his return to Washington after the Nov. 3 elections?
Whose staff member were already adjusting to their new roles by Tuesday?
Who do I think will be really missed?
What left Gingrich's office?
What did Gingrich tell the new members that he urged them to make a special effort to spend time with their families at?
Who said ``He's still king of the hill''?
What was more than an hour?
When did Gingrich meet with Livingston the Friday after the elections?
What did Dole leave?
What were the Washington Redskins not expecting?
Who proclaimed their affection with posters saying, ``I love Newt?''
What do I think?
When does the walk?''
Who said, ``I certainly have never known Marianne to be happier''?
Who took his late afternoon walk around the Mall Wednesday with Steve Wesbrook?
Who embraced Livingston warmly?
What did himself come in to work after with Marianne and daughters Jackie Sue Cushman and Kathy Gingrich-Lubbers at the Old Ebbitt Grill?
Who walked the Mall again Thursday?
What is this?
Who was Marianne?
Who was the third-string quarterback for the Washington Redskins?
What are Walker and others betting on?
What did Gingrich tell the new members that service in the House was a strain on home life at?
Who said, ``there's the reality of this town''?
Who did Gingrich tell the new members that he urged to make a special effort to spend time with their families at the breakfast?
Who were forced to walk to his office to get through?
What does he remain on until the new Congress formally elects a new speaker Jan. 6?
What will the occupation continue to allow him to discuss without the chore of trying to translate them into legislation?
What were inspirational?
What were not expecting this?
What did he tell that they should also have fun?
What was Casey Weldon getting a tour of?
Who thinks large and wide?
What did Gingrich breakfast with the freshmen members in a large wood-paneled room just off the House floor reserved for members and their guests?
Where did Walker eat dinner with the Gingriches Wednesday night?
Who had shifted their allegiance to Rep. Bob Livingston by the time Gingrich arrived on Capitol Hill last Monday to a bittersweet welcome party organized by staff?
Who did Gingrich say after signing it have to buy this book?
When did Gingrich receive some retirement advice from former Senate Majority Leader Bob Dole?
Who was his operations manager?
What did Staff members proclaim their affection with saying, ``I love Newt?''
Who did Gingrich tell that he urged them to make a special effort to spend time with their families at the breakfast?
What held hands?
Whose press office average 100 to 150 calls a day?
Who did Weldon say ``told me to hang in there''?
What did Gingrich tell new members that they should also have?
How many tasks were a jillion things?
What may have been Monday night when Gingrich addressed the biggest contributors of GOPAC he once led and the vehicle of his accession to power For Gingrich?
What was the Capital Grille?
What does King of a different hill Mel Steely's always king of, ``In Newt's mind''?
Who was it standing room only as in Livingston's office adjacent to the Capitol?
What has Gingrich not said specifically?
What will the occupation continue to allow Gingrich to discuss without the chore of trying to translate them into legislation?
Who was not getting much attention inside the Capitol last week?
What did Gingrich tell new members?
Who set the tone?
What was the Old Ebbitt Grill?
What did Gingrich stride past?
Who breakfasted with the freshmen members in the ``family room,'' a large wood-paneled room just off the House floor reserved for members and their guests?
Who turned to his walking partner?
Who did Weldon say ``He told to hang in there''?
What did Steely say ``He's still king of''?
Who was getting a tour of the Capitol?
Who did he bump into?
Who think he will be really missed?
Who appeared positively serene?
What were we not expecting?
Who exclaimed, ``This is a library book''?
What did Weldon say ?
Whose ``To Renew America,'' 1995 book do the woman beg Gingrich to sign a copy of?
What did Gingrich receive from former Senate Majority Leader Bob Dole on Wednesday?
What seemed to notice the speaker?
What will the occupation continue to allow him to discuss ideas without?
What did Walker eat dinner with the Gingriches Wednesday night at?
What did Gingrich tell the new members that he urged them to make at the breakfast?
Who did Steely say ``He's still''?
What did he tell them that they should also have?
What do Gingrich think?
Who did Gingrich leave his office twice to walk the Mall with a close aide and once with?
Whose office all day did Marianne pop in and out of Tuesday?
Who was this past week effectively in power?
Who was an old buddy of Gingrich's from West Georgia College?
Who does he's got a lot ahead of, ``At 55''?
What clenched?
Who was Robert Walker?
What was a different story?
When Gingrich's office was quiet most in contrast?
Who said, ``Changes occur''?
What was the speed at which power shifts in Washington standing only as reporters, lobbyists and staff in Livingston's office adjacent to the Capitol?
When did Gingrich's power begin slipping the instant Gingrich announced 10 days ago that he would not stand for re-election as speaker and would resign the House seat?
Who did he embrace warmly?
Who is the tourist who said, ``Nice to see you''?
What did Gingrich leave with a close aide and once with his wife?
What do the woman beg Gingrich to sign?
Who did he confer his blessing on to see?
Who gave the opening greeting to the 40 newly elected members of the House at freshmen orientation?
Who was more than an hour the first formal meeting between the two men since Livingston announced for?
Who said as she hurried into her first orientation meeting, ``Gingrich was kind of bittersweet''?
Who performed perhaps his most meaningful official duty of the week?
What does Gingrich remain on until the new Congress formally elects a new speaker Jan. 6?
What were the remarks themselves little changed from?
Who is already moving on?
What did Gingrich tell the new members at the breakfast?
When did he return to Georgia?
Who do Gingrich think will be really missed?
When was beginning with Gingrich's return to Washington after the Nov. 3 elections?
Who ate dinner with the Gingriches Wednesday night at the Capital Grille?
What was Gingrich recognized by?
What dropped to fewer than 30?
What did members trying to reach Livingston by phone get?
Who did Gingrich embrace warmly?
What did Gingrich shake?''
Who did Gingrich give the opening greeting to at freshmen orientation?
What walks were dedicated to thinking about ``the future?''
Who said, ``It's the reality of this town''?
What did Staff members proclaim their affection with saying, ``Gingrich love Newt?''
Where did a man return on Friday?
Who told new members that House service was an honor?
When was effectively his last in power?
What did fewer people hold?
Who also was not surprised to find Gingrich in good spirits?
What was standing room only as reporters, lobbyists and staff in Livingston's office adjacent to the Capitol?
What did former Senate Majority Leader Bob Dole take his late afternoon walk around Wednesday with Steve Wesbrook?
What was Gingrich not getting much attention inside last week?
Who did Gingrich receive some retirement advice from on Wednesday?
Who did he take his late afternoon walk around the Mall Wednesday with?
Who was already ``strategizing his life?''
What did Joe Domenico want?
What was no agenda?
When was effectively Gingrich in power?
Who did Gingrich shake the outstretched hand of?''
Who begged Gingrich to sign it?
Who were already adjusting to their new roles by Tuesday?
Who had House Republicans shifted their allegiance to by the time Gingrich arrived on Capitol Hill last Monday to a bittersweet welcome party organized by staff?
Whose office was quiet most of the week in contrast?
Who did Gingrich once hope Walker would be his majority whip instead of?
Whose fist clenched?
Who strode past the National Gallery of Art?
When did Livingston emerge from a meeting with Gingrich?
Who told them that they should also have fun?
When thinks about how Gingrich 'm going to organize my life for the next year?
What did Steely say ?
What was the past week ending with?
Whose office adjacent to the Capitol was the speed at which power shifts in Washington standing room only as reporters, lobbyists and staff in?
Who's always king of the hill, ``In Newt's mind''?
What is helped relieve bouts of early morning depression?
What formally elects a new speaker Jan. 6?
Who was King of a different hill Mel Steely?
What was quiet most of the week in contrast?
Who was a Republican elected from the Chicago suburbs?
Who received some retirement advice from former Senate Majority Leader Bob Dole on Wednesday?
Who did himself come in to work after lunch with at the Old Ebbitt Grill?
What will continue to allow Gingrich to discuss ideas without the chore of trying to translate them into legislation?
Who returned to Georgia on Friday?
What did he tell that House service was an honor?
What was King of a different hill Mel Steely an old buddy of from West Georgia College?
Who has not said specifically what he will do when he leaves office?
Whose stock campaign speech were the remarks the ovations little changed from?
What did Gingrich breakfast with the freshmen members in the ``family room,''?
Who did Gingrich tell that House service was an honor?
When thinks about how I 'm going to organize my life for the next year?
Who were already adjusting to Gingrich's new roles by Tuesday?
When did Gingrich's power begin slipping he has held since 1979?
Who was Casey Weldon?
What did the post-election issue of Newsweek feature?
Who's got a lot ahead of him, ``At 55''?
Who's an incredibly gifted person?
Who noted there were ``just a jillion tasks to do''?
Who was the speed at which power shifts in Washington standing room only as in Livingston's office adjacent to the Capitol?
Who did the post-election issue of Newsweek feature a vaguely anguished close-up of?
What was the speaker dressed in?
What's what you guys do not understand about King of a different hill Mel Steely?
Who wanted an associate of the tourist's picture taken with Gingrich?
What featured a vaguely anguished close-up of Gingrich?
What did Robert Walker come in to work after lunch with Marianne and daughters Jackie Sue Cushman and Kathy Gingrich-Lubbers at?
When did Gingrich's power begin slipping the instant he announced 10 days ago that he would not stand for re-election as speaker and would resign the House seat?
Who came in to work after lunch with Marianne and daughters Jackie Sue Cushman and Kathy Gingrich-Lubbers at the Old Ebbitt Grill?
Whose office adjacent to the Capitol was it standing room only as reporters, lobbyists and staff in?
When was standing room only as reporters, lobbyists and staff in Livingston's office adjacent to the Capitol?
When did a man return to Georgia?
What was Gingrich already ``strategizing?''
What do the woman beg Gingrich to sign a copy of?
What did Gingrich tell the new members that service in the House was at the breakfast?
What were frequent and thunderous?
What did himself set?
Who will the occupation continue to allow to discuss ideas without the chore of trying to translate them into legislation?
What average 100 to 150 calls a day?
What did Gingrich perform perhaps?
What did a man return to on Friday?
Who wanted his picture taken with Gingrich?
What did Gingrich tell new members that House service was?
Who already has become speaker in name only?
What is the Redskins?
Who was the lanky chairman of the House Appropriations Committee who will be named speaker by his colleagues on Wednesday?
Who met with Livingston for more than an hour the Friday after the elections?
Who was nearly tackled by a breathless student from the University of Maryland who said she was studying Gingrich in college at the Lincoln Memorial?
Where did Illinois state Rep. Judy Biggert recall?''
What did he take his late afternoon walk around Wednesday with Steve Wesbrook?
What was the speed at which power shifts in Washington standing room only as reporters, lobbyists and staff in?
What is Gingrich?
Who shook the outstretched hand of a tourist who said, ``Nice to see you?''
What were a jillion things?
Who did Gingrich leave his office twice to walk the Mall with with his wife?
What will the occupation continue to give?
What did himself come in to work after lunch with Marianne and daughters Jackie Sue Cushman and Kathy Gingrich-Lubbers at?
What did Marianne pop in and out of Tuesday?
Who said as she hurried into her first orientation meeting, ``It was kind of bittersweet''?
What are Walker and others betting that he will take his place on?
Who told the new members that service in the House was a strain on home life at the breakfast?
Who said after signing this an associate of the tourist have to buy this book?
What did Illinois state Rep. Judy Biggert recall to?''
What did he tell them that House service was?
Whose picture taken with Gingrich did Joe Domenico want?
Who conferred his blessing on the next speaker for all to see?
Who is 1-8 for the season?
Who does he's always, ``In Newt's mind''?
What did inquiries to Gingrich's press office drop to?
What did Livingston note?
Who did Gingrich once hope would be his majority whip instead of Rep. Tom DeLay?
What were little changed from his stock campaign speech?
Who said, ``I have never known him to be happier''?
When is both breathtaking and cruel?
Who was Gingrich's wife?
Who does he's?
What did he return to on Friday?
When did Gingrich meet with Livingston for more than an hour after the elections?
Who were not expecting this?
Who told the new members that he urged them to make a special effort to spend time with their families at the breakfast?
What was this past week effectively Gingrich in?
Who said ``Robert Walker told me to hang in there''?
Who was Steve Wesbrook?
Who told new members that they should also have fun?
Who was Gingrich nearly tackled by at the Lincoln Memorial?
Who was recognized by virtually everyone?
When are the Redskins having their most disastrous year?
When was ending with an address to new members?
Whose staff member were already adjusting to Gingrich's new roles by Tuesday?
Who are betting that Gingrich will take his place on the lucrative lecture circuit?
Whose new roles were Gingrich's staff member already adjusting to by Tuesday?
Who shook the outstretched hand of a tourist who said, ``Nice to see former Senate Majority Leader Bob Dole?''
Who is the tourist who said, ``Nice to see former Senate Majority Leader Bob Dole''?
What was this past week effectively his last in?
What did he tell them?
What did he confer on the next speaker for all to see?
Who was a former House member from Pennsylvania and a close friend of Gingrich's?
Who did he tell that House service was an honor?
Whose return to Washington was the past week beginning with after the Nov. 3 elections?
Who bumped into Casey Weldon?
Who did Robert Walker come in to work after lunch with at the Old Ebbitt Grill?
What will the occupation continue to allow Gingrich to discuss ideas without?
What are Walker and others betting that Gingrich will take on the lucrative lecture circuit?
Who told them that House service was an honor?
What did Robert Walker set?
What did Gingrich once hope?
Who did Gingrich breakfast with in the ``family room,'' a large wood-paneled room just off the House floor reserved for members and their guests?
Who did former Senate Majority Leader Bob Dole take his late afternoon walk around the Mall Wednesday with?
What was this past week effectively in power?
What did Gingrich give the opening greeting to the 40 newly elected members of the House at?
Who has Gingrich already become in name only?
What will continue to give Gingrich visibility?
Who are betting that he will take his place on the lucrative lecture circuit?
What does former Senate Majority Leader Bob Dole's got ahead of him, ``At 55''?
When were Gingrich's staff member already adjusting to their new roles?
Who was busy planning his private, not public, life?
Who got constant busy signals?
Whose wife was Marianne?
When are the Redskins having?
What does he's always king of, ``In Newt's mind''?
What are Walker and others betting that Gingrich will take his place on?
What was the past week beginning with Gingrich's return to Washington after?
Who popped in and out of Gingrich's office all day Tuesday?
What were the remarks the ovations little changed from?
What walks?
Who was Illinois state Rep. Judy Biggert?
Who does former Senate Majority Leader Bob Dole's got a lot ahead of, ``At 55''?
Who did Gingrich tell that they should also have fun?
Who said, ``Newt Gingrich does not think small thoughts''?
Who remains on the job until the new Congress formally elects a new speaker Jan. 6?
Whose office did Dole leave?
What may have been Monday night when he addressed the biggest contributors of GOPAC he once led and the vehicle of his accession to power For Gingrich?
What did Staff members proclaim with posters saying, ``I love Newt?''
Who thinks he will be really missed?
Who does King of a different hill Mel Steely's always, ``In Newt's mind''?
What was outside the building?
What does Washington _ Former House Speaker Newt Gingrich say?
When did Gingrich file papers Thursday in the Superior Court of Cobb County stating?''
What is Gingrich best known?
What do those who know the couple say?
What were filed by Gingrich's personal attorney J. Randolph Evans?
What did he divorce his first wife after his 1978 election to?
What did friends in Georgia and Washington suggest that the years in the spotlight might have been?
Who says his marriage is ``irretrievably broken''?
What was Ga.?
Who said, ``I am heartbroken that this has happened''?
Who was Rich Galen?
What came by way of a one-sentence statement from Marianne Gingrich?
Who was two years?
What is this?
What did friends in Georgia and Washington suggest?
Who suggested that the years in the spotlight might have been the cause?
How many years was his first wife?
What is Gingrich's second marriage?
Who said, ``it's a fact of life and a high price to pay''?
What did former Georgia State Rep. Matt Towery say, ``I am heartbroken''?
Whose second marriage is this?
Who was Jackie?
What say there have been problems in the marriage dating back to Gingrich's unexpected resignation as speaker of the House last fall?
Who expressed sorrow?
Who is best known leading the Republican Party's takeover of the House in 1994?
Who did a hint that the divorce was not desired by both Gingriches come by way of a one-sentence statement from?
What did Gingrich emphasize that ``family values'' should be a core pillar in American society during?
What was Cobb County?
Who was his first wife?
Who has filed for divorce from his wife of 18 years?
What does Washington _ Former House Speaker Newt Gingrich say is ``irretrievably broken''?
Who said, ``sorrow's a fact of life and a high price to pay''?
What did he divorce his first wife after to Congress?
Who was her personal attorney based in Washington?
What did friends in Georgia and Washington express?
Who has Washington _ Former House Speaker Newt Gingrich filed for divorce from?
Who said, ``Marianne is saddened and disappointed at Newt's decision''?
Who divorced his first wife after his 1978 election to Congress?
Who did he divorce after his 1978 election to Congress?
Who was former Georgia State Rep. Matt Towery?
Who said, ``It's very sad''?
Who was a former campaign manager who has known both Gingriches for two decades?
Whose personal attorney based in Washington was Victoria Toensing?
What were the papers filed by J. Randolph Evans?
What were unsuccessful?
When was his first wife?
What has Washington _ Former House Speaker Newt Gingrich filed for from his wife of 18 years?
What did Gingrich emphasize during that so-called Republican Revolution?
Who was Victoria Toensing?
Who was Marianne's personal attorney based in Washington?
What did a hint that the divorce was not desired by both Gingriches come by from Marianne Gingrich?
Who emphasized that ``family values'' should be a core pillar in American society during that so-called Republican Revolution?
Who was a longtime aide to Gingrich in Washington?
Who said, ``sorrow's very sad''?
What is Marianne Gingrich's counterclaim filed Aug. 9 in?
What has Mayoue said in recent weeks?
What has Mayoue convinced Judge Robinson to allow him to take?
Who has said he intends to question Bisek about all aspects of her relationship with Newt Gingrich?
Who accuses her husband of transferring ``substantial portions of certain valuable assets'' before filing for divorce in her counterclaim to Gingrich's July 29 divorce petition?
Whose attorney was John Mayoue?
Whose seat did the former 10-term congressman resign in January after 1998 GOP election?
Who was Randolph Evans?
When did the former 10-term congressman resign Randolph Evans's seat after 1998 GOP election?
Whose attorney denied the allegation?
What is not specific about what assets the former speaker is accused of attempting to transfer?
Who resigned his seat in January after 1998 GOP election?
What was Va.?
Whose attorney declined to elaborate on the filing?
What did Newt Gingrich's attorney say?
What did the former 10-term congressman resign Randolph Evans's seat in January after?
When did the former 10-term congressman resign his seat after 1998 GOP election?
Who has Mayoue convinced Judge Robinson to allow him to take a video-taped deposition of?
Who has Mayoue said intends to question Bisek about all aspects of Newt Gingrich's relationship with Newt Gingrich?
Whose counterclaim is filed Aug. 9 in Cobb Superior Court?
What did the former 10-term congressman resign his seat in January after?
What did her attorney decline to elaborate on?
What was Arlington?
Who will hear the counterclaim on Sept. 16?
What did Marianne Gingrich immediately serve?
When is Marianne Gingrich's counterclaim filed in Cobb Superior Court?
What is final?
When has Mayoue said that Marianne Gingrich is prepared to thoroughly investigate her husband's personal life and business dealings?
When did Evans say that Newt Gingrich and Bisek ``had a relationship,'' but declined to define it any further?
What did the attorney say Newt Gingrich did not even have?
What is yet another sign that the already contentious Gingrich divorce could prove embarrassing for the former 10-term congressman losses?
Who was her attorney?
Who denied the allegation?
Who resigned Randolph Evans's seat in January after 1998 GOP election?
What does she also ask?
What did Newt Gingrich's attorney decline to elaborate on?
Who has said he intends to question Bisek about all aspects of Newt Gingrich's relationship with Newt Gingrich?
Who works as an aide for the House Agriculture Committee?
What did the former 10-term congressman resign in January after 1998 GOP election?
What is filed Aug. 9 in Cobb Superior Court?
Who has Mayoue said intends to question Bisek about all aspects of her relationship with Newt Gingrich?
Who did Newt Gingrich's attorney say has always handled the couple's money?
Who has convinced Judge Robinson to allow him to take a video-taped deposition of Bisek?
Who does Marianne Gingrich accuse in her counterclaim to Gingrich's July 29 divorce petition?
Who said Marianne Gingrich has always handled the couple's money?
Who has said that Marianne Gingrich is prepared to thoroughly investigate her husband's personal life and business dealings in recent weeks?
Whose attorney was Randolph Evans?
When will Judge Dorothy Robinson hear the counterclaim?
What does Newt Gingrich want a Cobb County judge to freeze until their divorce is final ATLANTA _ The estranged wife of former U. S. House speaker?
Who immediately served notice that she wanted to depose 33-year-old Callista Bisek of Arlington with whom Gingrich is alleged to have an affair lasting several years?
What did Newt Gingrich's attorney deny?
Who was Newt Gingrich's attorney?
Whose attorney said Marianne Gingrich has always handled the couple's money?
What will Judge Dorothy Robinson hear on Sept. 16?
Who said Tuesday that Newt Gingrich and Bisek ``had a relationship,'' but declined to define it any further?
When has a date for the deposition been tentatively set?
What has Mayoue said?
Who does Bisek work as?
Who has Mayoue convinced Judge Robinson to allow to take a video-taped deposition of Bisek?
Who said Newt Gingrich did not even have a checkbook?
Who declined to elaborate on the filing?
What is the fight over assets yet?
What did Newt Gingrich's attorney say Marianne Gingrich has always handled?
What came down?
When did Gingrich file for divorce?
Who also asks that Newt Gingrich be ordered to stop any ``further transfers or concealment'' of assets, and replace any assets he has already transferred?
What does Newt Gingrich want a Cobb County judge to freeze the couple's assets until their divorce is final ATLANTA _ The estranged wife of?
Who was John Mayoue?
Who did the attorney say did not even have a checkbook?
What does Marianne Gingrich accuse her husband of transferring ``substantial portions of certain valuable assets'' before filing for divorce in?
When has been tentatively set for Sept. 29?
Who filed for divorce last month?
Who has Mayoue convinced to allow him to take a video-taped deposition of Bisek?
What does Duane D. Stanford write for?
Who wants a Cobb County judge to freeze the couple's assets until their divorce is final ATLANTA _ The estranged wife of former U. S. House speaker?
What did Evans say Tuesday?
Whose counterclaim is not specific about what assets the former speaker is accused of attempting to transfer?
What did Gingrich file for last month?
Who does Newt Gingrich want a Cobb County judge to freeze the couple's assets until their divorce is final ATLANTA _?
What does Newt Gingrich want a Cobb County judge to freeze the couple's assets until their divorce is final _ The estranged wife of former U. S. House speaker?
Who does Newt Gingrich want to freeze the couple's assets until their divorce is final ATLANTA _ The estranged wife of former U. S. House speaker?
Who writes for the Atlanta Journal-Constitution Ga.?
What does Newt Gingrich also ask?
What is Marianne Gingrich's counterclaim filed Aug. 9 in?
What has Mayoue said in recent weeks?
What has Mayoue convinced Judge Robinson to allow him to take?
Who has said he intends to question Bisek about all aspects of her relationship with Newt Gingrich?
Who accuses her husband of transferring ``substantial portions of certain valuable assets'' before filing for divorce in her counterclaim to Gingrich's July 29 divorce petition?
Whose attorney was John Mayoue?
Whose seat did the former 10-term congressman resign in January after 1998 GOP election?
Who was Randolph Evans?
When did the former 10-term congressman resign Randolph Evans's seat after 1998 GOP election?
Whose attorney denied the allegation?
What is not specific about what assets the former speaker is accused of attempting to transfer?
Who resigned his seat in January after 1998 GOP election?
What was Va.?
Whose attorney declined to elaborate on the filing?
What did Newt Gingrich's attorney say?
What did the former 10-term congressman resign Randolph Evans's seat in January after?
When did the former 10-term congressman resign his seat after 1998 GOP election?
Who has Mayoue convinced Judge Robinson to allow him to take a video-taped deposition of?
Who has Mayoue said intends to question Bisek about all aspects of Newt Gingrich's relationship with Newt Gingrich?
Whose counterclaim is filed Aug. 9 in Cobb Superior Court?
What did the former 10-term congressman resign his seat in January after?
What did her attorney decline to elaborate on?
What was Arlington?
Who will hear the counterclaim on Sept. 16?
What did Marianne Gingrich immediately serve?
When is Marianne Gingrich's counterclaim filed in Cobb Superior Court?
What is final?
When has Mayoue said that Marianne Gingrich is prepared to thoroughly investigate her husband's personal life and business dealings?
When did Evans say that Newt Gingrich and Bisek ``had a relationship,'' but declined to define it any further?
What did the attorney say Newt Gingrich did not even have?
What is yet another sign that the already contentious Gingrich divorce could prove embarrassing for the former 10-term congressman losses?
Who was her attorney?
Who denied the allegation?
Who resigned Randolph Evans's seat in January after 1998 GOP election?
What does she also ask?
What did Newt Gingrich's attorney decline to elaborate on?
Who has said he intends to question Bisek about all aspects of Newt Gingrich's relationship with Newt Gingrich?
Who works as an aide for the House Agriculture Committee?
What did the former 10-term congressman resign in January after 1998 GOP election?
What is filed Aug. 9 in Cobb Superior Court?
Who has Mayoue said intends to question Bisek about all aspects of her relationship with Newt Gingrich?
Who did Newt Gingrich's attorney say has always handled the couple's money?
Who has convinced Judge Robinson to allow him to take a video-taped deposition of Bisek?
Who does Marianne Gingrich accuse in her counterclaim to Gingrich's July 29 divorce petition?
Who said Marianne Gingrich has always handled the couple's money?
Who has said that Marianne Gingrich is prepared to thoroughly investigate her husband's personal life and business dealings in recent weeks?
Whose attorney was Randolph Evans?
When will Judge Dorothy Robinson hear the counterclaim?
What does Newt Gingrich want a Cobb County judge to freeze until their divorce is final ATLANTA _ The estranged wife of former U. S. House speaker?
Who immediately served notice that she wanted to depose 33-year-old Callista Bisek of Arlington with whom Gingrich is alleged to have an affair lasting several years?
What did Newt Gingrich's attorney deny?
Who was Newt Gingrich's attorney?
Whose attorney said Marianne Gingrich has always handled the couple's money?
What will Judge Dorothy Robinson hear on Sept. 16?
Who said Tuesday that Newt Gingrich and Bisek ``had a relationship,'' but declined to define it any further?
When has a date for the deposition been tentatively set?
What has Mayoue said?
Who does Bisek work as?
Who has Mayoue convinced Judge Robinson to allow to take a video-taped deposition of Bisek?
Who said Newt Gingrich did not even have a checkbook?
Who declined to elaborate on the filing?
What is the fight over assets yet?
What did Newt Gingrich's attorney say Marianne Gingrich has always handled?
What came down?
When did Gingrich file for divorce?
Who also asks that Newt Gingrich be ordered to stop any ``further transfers or concealment'' of assets, and replace any assets he has already transferred?
What does Newt Gingrich want a Cobb County judge to freeze the couple's assets until their divorce is final ATLANTA _ The estranged wife of?
Who was John Mayoue?
Who did the attorney say did not even have a checkbook?
What does Marianne Gingrich accuse her husband of transferring ``substantial portions of certain valuable assets'' before filing for divorce in?
When has been tentatively set for Sept. 29?
Who filed for divorce last month?
Who has Mayoue convinced to allow him to take a video-taped deposition of Bisek?
What does Duane D. Stanford write for?
Who wants a Cobb County judge to freeze the couple's assets until their divorce is final ATLANTA _ The estranged wife of former U. S. House speaker?
What did Evans say Tuesday?
Whose counterclaim is not specific about what assets the former speaker is accused of attempting to transfer?
What did Gingrich file for last month?
Who does Newt Gingrich want a Cobb County judge to freeze the couple's assets until their divorce is final ATLANTA _?
What does Newt Gingrich want a Cobb County judge to freeze the couple's assets until their divorce is final _ The estranged wife of former U. S. House speaker?
Who does Newt Gingrich want to freeze the couple's assets until their divorce is final ATLANTA _ The estranged wife of former U. S. House speaker?
Who writes for the Atlanta Journal-Constitution Ga.?
What does Newt Gingrich also ask?
Who filed for the divorce in July?
Who has admitted in the past that there was a separation years ago?
What is a sign that the Gingriches are willing to compromise to keep their private lives out of public view?
Who was Randy Evans?
What did Mayoue say, ``I 'm disappointed''?
Whose attorney was Mayoue?
What did the former 10-term congressman from Marietta also submit?
Who has declined to say how long it lasted?
What did she not specify?
What did Evans say is now unnecessary?
Who said the Gingriches had maintained separate residences for six years before reconciling about late 1993?
Who confirmed that an agreement was reached?
What did Marianne Gingrich file in August accusing the former U. S. House speaker of attempting to transfer ``certain valuable assets'' before filing for divorce?
Whose attorney was John Mayoue?
Who did she ask to stop him from taking anything else?
What avoids an open and potentially contentious hearing this week?
Whose legal separation avoids an open and potentially contentious hearing this week?
What do the Gingriches also avoid answering?
Who asked the judge to stop him from taking anything else?
Whose attorney confirmed that an agreement was reached?
Who did Newt Gingrich say held all the couple's personal liquid assets when they separated?
Who was 56?
Who did that news take at home by surprise?
Who did another Newt Gingrich attorney say had maintained separate residences for six years before reconciling about late 1993?
When has Marianne Gingrich admitted that there was a separation years ago?
Who said, ``I 'm disappointed that Newt Gingrich has chosen such a hurtful strategy''?
What took Washington insiders and Gingrich supporters at home by surprise?
Who said his wife of 18 years held all the couple's personal liquid assets when they separated?
What did that news take Washington insiders and Gingrich supporters at home by?
Who did ATLANTA _ Newt Gingrich and Marianne Gingrich further accuse of depleting ``a substantial portion'' of those assets?
When did Newt Gingrich file for the divorce?
Whose relationship with a 33-year-old congressional aide has national media's reporting been stoked by?
What did another Newt Gingrich attorney say the Gingriches had maintained for six years before reconciling about late 1993?
What has national media's reporting been stoked by?
What has Marianne Gingrich declined to say?
What did ATLANTA _ Newt Gingrich and Marianne Gingrich not specify?
What would Marianne Gingrich's attorney give?
Who did she ask the judge to stop from taking anything else?
Who had the judge not canceled by?
When did another Newt Gingrich attorney say the Gingriches had maintained separate residences before reconciling about late 1993?
Who said, ``It gives them both support to live off of''?
Who agreed Monday to keep their divorce out of a public arena _ for now?
Who did she ask to force her estranged husband to return anything he took?
What was expected to attract national media?
Who filed court papers in August accusing the former U. S. House speaker of attempting to transfer ``certain valuable assets'' before filing for divorce?
What did Newt Gingrich say?
What did Mayoue say, ``ATLANTA _ Newt Gingrich and Marianne Gingrich 'm disappointed''?
Who did Marianne Gingrich file court papers in August accusing?
What did ATLANTA _ Newt Gingrich and Marianne Gingrich agree Monday to keep their divorce out of?
When did Marianne Gingrich file court papers accusing the former U. S. House speaker of attempting to transfer ``certain valuable assets'' before filing for divorce?
What has been stoked by Newt Gingrich's relationship with a 33-year-old congressional aide?
Who was the 33-year-old congressional aide?
When did another Newt Gingrich attorney say?
Who said, ``ATLANTA _ Newt Gingrich and Marianne Gingrich 'm disappointed that Newt Gingrich has chosen such a hurtful strategy''?
What was the 33-year-old congressional aide Callista Bisek of?
Who was the Newt Gingrich attorney?
Who did he further accuse of depleting ``a substantial portion'' of those assets?
Who had not canceled what was to be a first joint appearance in court by the Gingriches?
What has Marianne Gingrich admitted in the past?
What was Marietta?
Who did not specify what the assets were?
What was Marianne Gingrich's attorney before?
When did ATLANTA _ Newt Gingrich and Marianne Gingrich agree to keep their divorce out of a public arena _ for now?
Who is 48?
What did Newt Gingrich file for in July?
Who said, ``There was never any truth to that, so there was nothing to resolve''?
What was Newt Gingrich?
What did Newt Gingrich retaliate with?
Who asked the judge to force her estranged husband to return anything he took?
Who have reached a confidential agreement on how to divide their income and assets while their legal separation proceeds?
What did Newt Gingrich say his wife of 18 years held when they separated?
Who asked the judge to determine whether the agreement was still technically in effect, or whether the couple could structure a new separation agreement along the same lines?
What did Marianne Gingrich's attorney confirm?
What did that news take Washington insiders and Gingrich supporters at by surprise?
Whose attorney was before Monday's agreement?
Who was before Monday's agreement?
Who was Ga.?
Whose legal separation proceeds?
Who did she ask the judge to force to return anything he took?
Who was John Mayoue?
Who said an assets hearing scheduled for Thursday before Cobb County Superior Court Judge Dorothy Robinson is now unnecessary?
Who would give no details?
What is the agreement a sign that the Gingriches are willing to compromise to keep their private lives out of?
Who retaliated with his own court filing?
Who was Mayoue?
Where did that news take Washington insiders and Gingrich supporters by surprise?
Who also avoid answering specific charges they 've made against each other since Newt Gingrich filed for the divorce in July?
What proceeds?
What does Duane D. Stanford write for?
What is the agreement?
What did she ask the judge to force her estranged husband to return?
Whose attorney would give no details?
Who was Newt Gingrich's attorney and longtime friend?
What did ATLANTA _ Newt Gingrich and Marianne Gingrich agree Monday to keep out of a public arena _ for now?
What have the Gingriches reached while their legal separation proceeds?
Who was Marianne Gingrich's attorney?
Who was Thomas Browning?
Who writes for the Atlanta Journal-Constitution Ga.?
Who further accused her of depleting ``a substantial portion'' of those assets?
What is Marianne Gingrich?
Who was Callista Bisek of Virginia?
Who was Randy Evans?
What does Marianne Gingrich's attorney also want to take from unnamed representatives of GOPAC and the Friends of Newt Gingrich campaign committee?
Who did he serve for a time as?
Who was Sanford Ain?
Who is John Mayoue?
When has Gaylord worked closely with Gingrich and his campaigns?
Whose attorney was Randy Evans?
What does Marianne Gingrich attempt to nail down her estranged husband is keeping?
Who has asked a Cobb County judge for permission to depose Joe Gaylord?
What asks to depose an unnamed representative from Private Enterprise Partners in Washington?
What did Newt Gingrich's attorney say?
Whose attorney also wants to take a deposition from unnamed representatives of GOPAC and the Friends of Newt Gingrich campaign committee?
Who does Marianne Gingrich's attorney also want to take a deposition from?
Who has ATLANTA _ Newt Gingrich's attorney asked for permission to depose Joe Gaylord?
Who was Evans?
Who declined to comment on the request for his depositions?
What did Newt Gingrich use to train Republican candidates for Congress in his long effort to win a GOP majority in the U. S. House?
Who has her attorney asked a Cobb County judge for permission to depose?
Who used the powerful political action committee to train Republican candidates for Congress in his long effort to win a GOP majority in the U. S. House?
What do the subjects live out of?
What do depositions also allow lawyers to force witnesses to commit to testimony at?
Who said he knows only that Private Enterprise Partners was an entity set up by Gaylord?
What will Mayoue not comment on either?
Whose contentious divorce is final?
What is final?
Whose permission to take the depositions because the subjects live out of state does Mayoue need?
Who is scheduled to answer questions under oath about her relationship with Newt Gingrich on Sept. 29?
Whose attorney has asked a Cobb County judge for permission to depose Joe Gaylord?
What does a fourth request among those filed late Monday ask to depose an unnamed representative from?
Who does Marianne Gingrich attempt to nail down any personal and financial secrets is keeping?
What do depositions also allow lawyers to force witnesses to commit to they would give at trial?
What also allow lawyers to force witnesses to commit to testimony they would give at trial?
Who 'res really trying to find out?
Who could become part of his divorce case as Marianne Gingrich attempts to drag out and nail down any personal and financial secrets her estranged husband is keeping?
Who do depositions also allow lawyers to force to commit to testimony they would give at trial?
Who added?
Who said depositions are particularly useful in the information-gathering phase of a divorce case?
When was Gaylord reached at a Washington number for Private Enterprise Partners?
Who served for a time as executive director of GOPAC?
Who also wants to take a deposition from unnamed representatives of GOPAC and the Friends of Newt Gingrich campaign committee?
What did he also decline to say?
What did Newt Gingrich use the powerful political action committee to train Republican candidates for Congress in?
Who has Gaylord worked closely with since the early 1980s?
What was Gaylord reached at on Tuesday?
What live out of state?
What has Marianne Gingrich already won?
Who does a fourth request among those filed late Monday ask to depose from Private Enterprise Partners in Washington?
What does Marianne Gingrich attempt to nail down any personal and financial secrets?
Who did Gingrich once describe as an advisor ``on all aspects of my life and career'' and one of his ``closest friends''?
Who do depositions also allow to confirm information witnesses already have?
Who was a Washington, D. C. -based divorce lawyer who makes a specialty of representing high-profile politicians?
What has her attorney asked a Cobb County judge for to depose Joe Gaylord?
Who was reached at a Washington number for Private Enterprise Partners on Tuesday?
Who attempts to drag out?
Who needs Superior Court Judge Dorothy Robinson's permission to take the depositions because the subjects live out of state?
What do depositions also allow lawyers to force witnesses to commit to testimony they would give at?
Who is scheduled to answer questions under oath about ATLANTA _ Newt Gingrich's relationship with Newt Gingrich on Sept. 29?
Who was Newt Gingrich's attorney?
Who do depositions also allow to confirm information they already have?
Who do depositions also allow to force witnesses to commit to testimony they would give at trial?
Who will not say what information he hopes to learn from the depositions?
Who have been freed up to concentrate on the next phase of the case _ discovery?
What did Sanford Ain say are particularly useful in the information-gathering phase of a divorce case?
Who did Newt Gingrich use the powerful political action committee to train in his long effort to win a GOP majority in the U. S. House?
When did Sanford Ain say depositions are particularly useful?
Who once described Joe Gaylord as an advisor ``on all aspects of my life and career'' and one of his ``closest friends''?
Whose attorney said he knows only that Private Enterprise Partners was an entity set up by Gaylord?
Who said, ``I 'm not a part of this story''?
What do depositions also allow lawyers to force witnesses to commit to testimony would give at trial?
What also allow lawyers to confirm information they already have?
Who has ATLANTA _ Newt Gingrich's attorney asked a Cobb County judge for permission to depose?
What also allow lawyers to confirm information witnesses already have?
What has ATLANTA _ Newt Gingrich's attorney asked a Cobb County judge for to depose Joe Gaylord?
Who attempts to nail down any personal and financial secrets her estranged husband is keeping?
Who credits Gaylord for helping him do it in 1994?
What do depositions also allow lawyers to confirm?
Who does he credit for helping him do it in 1994?
When is 33-year-old congressional aid Callista Bisek scheduled to answer questions under oath about ATLANTA _ Newt Gingrich's relationship with Newt Gingrich?
Who did Gingrich once describe Joe Gaylord as ``on all aspects of my life and career'' and one of his ``closest friends''?
When is 33-year-old congressional aid Callista Bisek scheduled to answer questions under oath about her relationship with Newt Gingrich?
What will he not say from?
What does Mayoue need?
Who has worked closely with Gingrich and his campaigns since the early 1980s?
Who has her attorney asked for permission to depose Joe Gaylord?
Who will not comment on the organization either?
What did Gingrich once describe Joe Gaylord as an advisor ``on ``closest friends''?
When did he serve as executive director of GOPAC?
What does Duane D. Stanford write for?
Who is Marianne Gingrich's attorney?
Who do depositions also allow lawyers to force witnesses to commit to testimony would give at trial?
Whose attorney is John Mayoue?
Who did Newt Gingrich's attorney say knows only that Private Enterprise Partners was an entity set up by Gaylord?
Who said, ``My best guess is they 're just trying to pin down the finance pieces''?
Who has already won permission to take at least one deposition that could help pressure a settlement?
Who also declined to say what the company's purpose is?
Whose attorney was Evans?
What did Gaylord decline to comment on?
When did Sanford Ain say?
What did Evans say, ``My best guess is''?
Who writes for the Atlanta Journal-Constitution Ga.?
Who said, ``Stanford ATLANTA _ Newt Gingrich 'm not aware of any improprieties on either parties ' behalf''?
What does Marianne Gingrich manage?
Who was Randy Evans?
What did Evans say could harm both their earning potential?
What takes nasty turn By Duane D. Stanford ATLANTA _ Newt Gingrich is back to bomb-throwing again?
What does Gingrich divorce take nasty turn By Duane D. Stanford ATLANTA _ Newt Gingrich is back to again?
What can the fees for his speeches be as high as?
What has Marianne Gingrich insisted that her husband and Bisek answer under oath?
What did Evans say in?
Who has demanded a videotaped interrogation of Callista Bisek?
What has Evans been filling in reporters across the country on?
Who said the fees for his speeches go directly to Marianne Gingrich?
Whose attorney was John Mayoue?
Who said, ``I 'm not aware of any improprieties on either parties ' behalf''?
What has she demanded?
What did Evans say is costly?
Who says otherwise?
What is Gingrich also asking for?
When did one of Stanford ATLANTA _ Newt Gingrich's attorneys say?
Who does she also want to turn over any gifts, letters or other correspondence she may have received from Gingrich?
What does Evans tell that Gingrich has wanted to settle the case without probes into his and Marianne Gingrich's personal lives and finances outside their marriage?
Who said, ``As a result, the new filings are forced to litigate''?
What can the fees for Stanford ATLANTA _ Newt Gingrich's speeches be as high as?
What does she also want Bisek to turn over any gifts, letters or other correspondence she may have received from?
What was Gingrich Enterprises?
What does Evans tell them that Gingrich has wanted to settle without probes into his and Marianne Gingrich's personal lives and finances outside their marriage?
Who said Tuesday?
When did one of his attorneys say?
What does Stanford ATLANTA _ Newt Gingrich also want Bisek to turn over any gifts, letters or other correspondence from?
What does the arrangement temporarily secure until their divorce is final?
Who has unleashed his divorce lawyers?
What is Gingrich accusing his wife of not accounting for some of the public speaking money he has earned since the September financial agreement in?
What has Marianne Gingrich insisted that her husband and Bisek answer questions about their relationship under?
What is a crime in the District of Columbia?
Who is accusing his wife of not accounting for some of the public speaking money he has earned since the September financial agreement in the meantime?
Who does she also want Bisek to turn over any gifts, letters or other correspondence may have received from Gingrich?
Who said the fees for Stanford ATLANTA _ Newt Gingrich's speeches go directly to Marianne Gingrich?
What has Bisek asked a Washington judge to block?
What did Cohen say for?
Who does Gingrich say's earned more than the $5,000 his wife has deposited in the joint account so far?
Whose estranged wife is the former U. S. House speaker frustrated by's attempts to probe his finances, business dealings, and his relationship with a Washington congressional aide?
What should be?
What does Bisek argue _ in part _?
Who also wants Bisek to turn over any gifts, letters or other correspondence she may have received from Gingrich?
Who did Evans say he 'll file another motion today asking a judge to hold in contempt?
Who does Gingrich divorce take nasty turn By Stanford ATLANTA _ Newt Gingrich is back to bomb-throwing again?
Who did Evans say he 'll file another motion today asking to hold Marianne Gingrich in contempt?
Who manages all the couple's money?
What did Evans say go directly to Marianne Gingrich?
Who has the former U. S. House speaker unleashed?
Who tells reporters across the country that Gingrich has wanted to settle the case without probes into his and Marianne Gingrich's personal lives and finances outside their marriage?
Who says he's earned more than the $5,000 his wife has deposited in the joint account so far?
What does Evans tell them that Gingrich has wanted to settle the case without into his and Marianne Gingrich's personal lives and finances outside their marriage?
Who was Gingrich's attorney?
Who did Evans say 'll file another motion today asking a judge to hold Marianne Gingrich in contempt?
What did Cohen say is tied up in Gingrich Enterprises the Gingriches set up jointly to manage the business end of Gingrich's speaking career?
What does she also want Bisek to turn over any gifts, letters or other correspondence from?
Who is Callista Bisek?
Who is 56?
Who is 33?
Who was John Mayoue?
What does Gingrich say in?
What does Evans tell reporters across the country without?
Who did Evans say the fees for his speeches go directly to?
Who should be?
Who said such digging could harm both the new filings's earning potential?
Who said, ``As a result, we are forced to litigate''?
Who was Harvey Cohen?
What can be transferred?
What has Marianne Gingrich insisted that her husband and Bisek answer questions about under oath?
What is Gingrich demanding that Marianne Gingrich sit for _ just as she has demanded a videotaped interrogation of Callista Bisek in pleadings released in Cobb County Superior Court?
Who also is asking that Marianne Gingrich be ordered to account for all the couple's cash and stocks?
Who does Stanford ATLANTA _ Newt Gingrich also want to turn over any gifts, letters or other correspondence she may have received from Gingrich?
Who was Marianne Gingrich's attorney?
What is Marianne Gingrich?
Who tells them that Gingrich has wanted to settle the case without probes into his and Marianne Gingrich's personal lives and finances outside their marriage?
What is Gingrich?
What does Stanford ATLANTA _ Newt Gingrich also want Bisek to turn over any gifts, letters or other correspondence she may have received from?
Who said such digging is costly?
What the new filings can to get to trial?
What we can to get this to?
What did Evans say he 'll file another motion today asking a judge to hold Marianne Gingrich in?
What did Cohen say the speech money is tied up in?
What did Cohen say he is waiting for to be completed so the funds can be transferred?
What did Gingrich rise to by aggressively attacking Democrats in Congress?
What has Stanford ATLANTA _ Newt Gingrich demanded?
Whose attorney was Randy Evans?
Who has she demanded a videotaped interrogation of?
What is pending?
What does Gingrich say he's earned his wife has deposited in the joint account so far?
What has Marianne Gingrich insisted under?
What did Gingrich's attorney say Marianne Gingrich has not complied with?
Who does Gingrich divorce take nasty turn By Duane D. is back to bomb-throwing again?
What we can to get to trial?
Who does Evans tell that Gingrich has wanted to settle the case without probes into his and Marianne Gingrich's personal lives and finances outside their marriage?
Who does Stanford ATLANTA _ Newt Gingrich also want Bisek to turn over any gifts, letters or other correspondence may have received from Gingrich?
Who has Bisek asked to block the deposition?
Who said the speech money is tied up in Gingrich Enterprises the Gingriches set up jointly to manage the business end of Gingrich's speaking career?
Who takes the offensive for the first time since filing for divorce in July?
What does Evans tell them that Gingrich has wanted to settle the case without probes into?
What does Evans tell reporters across the country that Gingrich has wanted to settle the case without probes into?
What are the new filings?
What the new filings can to get this to?
What does Stanford ATLANTA _ Newt Gingrich also want Bisek to turn over she may have received from Gingrich?
What does Gingrich divorce take By Duane D. Stanford ATLANTA _ Newt Gingrich is back to bomb-throwing again?
When does Gingrich take the offensive?
What are part of a nasty turn in the Gingriches ' split?
Who has asked a Washington judge to block the deposition?
What did Cohen say in?
What is final?
Who is a House Agriculture Committee aide?
What does she also want Bisek to turn over she may have received from Gingrich?
Who was the company?
What can to get this to trial?
Whose divorce lawyers has the former U. S. House speaker unleashed?
Who has been filling in reporters across the country on the new strategy?
Who does Gingrich say he's earned more than the $5,000 has deposited in the joint account so far?
Who is frustrated by his estranged wife's attempts to probe his finances, business dealings, and his relationship with a Washington congressional aide?
What are the new filings part of?
What is Bisek?
Who said he is waiting for the proper paperwork to be completed so the funds can be transferred?
Who is the former U. S. House speaker frustrated by's attempts to probe his finances, business dealings, and his relationship with a Washington congressional aide?
Who has Stanford ATLANTA _ Newt Gingrich demanded a videotaped interrogation of?
What temporarily secures the couple's assets until their divorce is final?
What does Bisek argue in part _ that since adultery is a crime in the District of Columbia, she should not be asked to incriminate herself?
What does Evans tell reporters across the country that Gingrich has wanted to settle without probes into his and Marianne Gingrich's personal lives and finances outside their marriage?
What did Gingrich's attorney say with?
What does Gingrich take for the first time since filing for divorce in July?
What does Bisek argue _ in that since adultery is a crime in the District of Columbia, she should not be asked to incriminate herself?
What does Gingrich say he's earned more than the $5,000 his wife has deposited in so far?
What is Gingrich accusing speaking money he has earned since the September financial agreement in the meantime?
Who does Gingrich divorce take nasty turn By?
Who rose to power by aggressively attacking Democrats in Congress?
Who is 48?
What is Gingrich demanding that Marianne Gingrich sit for a videotaped deposition on Oct. 19 _ just as she has demanded a videotaped interrogation of Callista Bisek in?
Who argues _ in part _ that since adultery is a crime in the District of Columbia, she should not be asked to incriminate herself?
What does Evans tell them without?
Who said he 'll file another motion today asking a judge to hold Marianne Gingrich in contempt?
Who did Cohen say is waiting for the proper paperwork to be completed so the funds can be transferred?
Who said such digging could harm both their earning potential?
Who did Evans say the fees for Stanford ATLANTA _ Newt Gingrich's speeches go directly to?
Who can to get this to trial?
Who has unleashed Stanford ATLANTA _ Newt Gingrich's divorce lawyers?
Who has insisted that her husband and Bisek answer questions about their relationship under oath?
Who has Evans been filling in on the new strategy?
What does Gingrich say he's earned more than the $5,000 in?
What did Evans say could harm both the new filings's earning potential?
Who was the certified public accountant hired by the Gingriches to manage the account under their agreement?
What can be as high as $50,000?
What did Evans say such digging could harm?
What is Gingrich demanding for in pleadings released in Cobb County Superior Court?
What is adultery?
Who has turned over about $35,000 he has been paid for sitting on several boards?
What was Wednesday's motion among several filed by Gingrich this week in?
Who has signed a sworn statement saying Randy Evans's wife controls most of their money?
Who was Randy Evans?
What has Gingrich signed a sworn statement saying?
What will probe financial aspects of the divorce case?
What could Marianne Gingrich's attorney not be reached for Wednesday?
Who said both sides have acted in good faith?
What does Cohen say some of Gingrich's speech money is still tied up in Newt Gingrich own together?
What did Evans say will continue through the week?
What does Gingrich have turned over he has been paid for sitting on several boards?
What does he say she's hoarding ATLANTA _?
What centers on a Sept. 10 agreement he and his wife signed that was supposed to temporarily resolve monetary issues between the divorcing couple?
Who did Gingrich's attorney say still owes the joint account tens of thousands of dollars?
Who has signed a sworn statement saying his wife controls most of their money?
Whose attorney said Marianne Gingrich still owes the joint account tens of thousands of dollars?
What does the motion threaten if Marianne Gingrich continues to stall?
What was among several filed by Gingrich this week in an effort to take the offensive against his wife?
What has Newt Gingrich's wife aggressively sought to question him about?
Whose attorney was Randy Evans?
Who said Marianne Gingrich still owes the joint account tens of thousands of dollars?
Who has previously denied the allegations?
What will focus on what part Marianne Gingrich played in the breakdown of the marriage?
Who had accused her husband of attempting to transfer money before filing his July 29 divorce petition?
Who has Newt Gingrich's wife aggressively sought to question about personal and financial matters outside Wednesday's marriage?
When did Evans say?
What will coming motions probe?
Who was Wednesday's motion among several filed by this week in an effort to take the offensive against his wife?
Who predicted, ``this week is going to be a most enlightening week''?
What does Gingrich's latest motion center on a Sept. 10 agreement he and his wife signed?
What is final?
What will coming motions probe financial aspects of?
Who does Gingrich have turned over about $35,000 has been paid for sitting on several boards?
Who says some of Gingrich's speech money is still tied up in a business Newt Gingrich own together?
Whose wife has Gingrich signed a sworn statement saying?
Whose latest motion centers on a Sept. 10 agreement he and his wife signed that was supposed to temporarily resolve monetary issues between the divorcing couple?
What is completed?
Who said Gingrich's new attack stance will continue through the week?
Whose new attack stance did Evans say will continue through the week?
When was Wednesday's motion among several filed by Gingrich in an effort to take the offensive against his wife?
What threatens a contempt action if Marianne Gingrich continues to stall?
Who says some of Gingrich's speech money is still tied up in a business he and his wife own together?
Who is the CPA managing the joint account?
Who said so far she has deposited only several thousand?
Who is Cohen?
Who predicted, ``It is going to be a most enlightening week''?
Who had responded by saying his wife depleted a substantial portion of the accounts she controlled?
Who is a congressional aide?
Who has aggressively sought to question him about personal and financial matters outside their marriage?
What does Gingrich's latest motion center on a Sept. 10 agreement Newt Gingrich signed?
What does Cohen say some of Gingrich's speech money is still tied up in a business?
Whose new attack stance did Evans say through?
What does Cohen say some of Gingrich's speech money is still tied up in he and his wife own together?
When could Marianne Gingrich's attorney not be reached for comment?
What did Evans say so far Newt Gingrich has deposited?
What has Randy Evans previously denied?
What accuses Marianne Gingrich of waiting 20 days to begin transferring her portion of the assets?
Whose latest motion centers on a Sept. 10 agreement Newt Gingrich signed that was supposed to temporarily resolve monetary issues between the divorcing couple?
What does Gingrich have turned over about $35,000 on?
Whose motion accuses Marianne Gingrich of waiting 20 days to begin transferring her portion of the assets?
What has his wife aggressively sought to question him about?
What centers on a Sept. 10 agreement Newt Gingrich signed that was supposed to temporarily resolve monetary issues between the divorcing couple?
What has he previously denied?
Who also wants to depose Callista Bisek with whom the former U. S. House speaker has a relationship?
Who expects to get that money once the necessary transfer paperwork is completed?
What did Gingrich's attorney say?
What did the CPA managing the account for the Gingriches say have acted in good faith?
Who did Evans say so far has deposited only several thousand?
What does Gingrich's latest motion center on?
What does Cohen say is still tied up in a business Newt Gingrich own together?
Who said so far Newt Gingrich has deposited only several thousand?
Whose motions will focus on what part Marianne Gingrich played in the breakdown of the marriage?
What did Evans say so far she has deposited?
What does Cohen say in?
Who was Gingrich's attorney?
When did Evans say Gingrich's new attack stance will continue?
What does Cohen expect to get once the necessary transfer paperwork is completed?
What did the CPA managing the account for the Gingriches say both sides have acted in?
What does Cohen say is still tied up in a business he and his wife own together?
Who is Callista Bisek?
What had Gingrich responded by saying his wife depleted a substantial portion of the accounts?
Who has his wife aggressively sought to question about personal and financial matters outside their marriage?
Who does Cohen say some of Gingrich's speech money is still tied up in a business own together?
Who had Marianne Gingrich accused of attempting to transfer money before filing his July 29 divorce petition?
Who could not be reached for comment Wednesday?
Who does Marianne Gingrich also want to depose with whom the former U. S. House speaker has a relationship?
Whose attorney could not be reached for comment Wednesday?
What did the CPA managing the account for the Gingriches say in?
What does Gingrich's motion accuse?
Whose wife has aggressively sought to question him about personal and financial matters outside Wednesday's marriage?
Who has aggressively sought to question him about personal and financial matters outside Wednesday's marriage?
What has Gingrich signed?
What had Gingrich responded by saying?
Who often hire detectives to sniff out everything from finances to affairs at hard-fought divorce cases?
Who do the items include letters, gifts, phone records and other items Marianne Gingrich could use to prove with?
What did Washington divorce lawyer Sanford Ain say is not uncommon in hard-fought divorce cases?
Who has asked his wife to respond to 26 questions and demands for discovery evidence by Wednesday in Cobb County?
Who do the items include letters, gifts, phone records and other items could use to prove Bisek was having an extramarital affair with her husband?
Who said, ``this type of question's almost always asked when infidelity is an issue''?
What is at stake between the Gingriches?
Who became speaker of the U. S. House?
Who wants the attorneys to agree on the scope of the information that can be demanded of Bisek?
What does it turn out?
Who was 33?
Who was 56?
What says it was issued incorrectly?
Who seek to know what ATLANTA _ Newt Gingrich has learned about Gingrich's personal life?
What has Bisek asked the judge to block?
What are trying to figure that one?
What notice seek to learn about any marital improprieties on his wife's part?
What did also bring?
What does the agreement give Marianne Gingrich possession of?
What does the subpoena say?
What did District of Columbia Superior Court Judge Brook Hedge order the attorneys for Bisek and Marianne Gingrich to meet by next Friday to produce?
What ordered the attorneys for Bisek and Marianne Gingrich to meet by next Friday to produce a wide range of evidence?
What does surveillance turn out the former Georgia congressman no longer has?
Who will live in the couple's Washington apartment?
What moves toward a threatened trial date?
Who can prepare for a deposition of Marianne Gingrich scheduled for Oct. 19?
Whose wife controlled the couple's assets?
What does Gingrich seek Gingrich says lasted six years in most cases?
What does it turn out the former Georgia congressman no longer has?
What notice seek to learn about any marital improprieties on ATLANTA _ Newt Gingrich's wife's part?
What is a crime in the District of Columbia?
Who wants to know whether his estranged wife put him under surveillance shortly before he became speaker of the U. S. House?
Who did Gingrich serve metro Atlanta's 6th Congressional District from for six of his 20 years in office?
What are they trying to figure?
What was Marianne Gingrich?
What turns out the former Georgia congressman no longer has a house to call home in Cobb County, at least for a while?
What did District of Columbia Superior Court Judge Brook Hedge order the attorneys for Bisek and Marianne Gingrich to meet by next Friday to discuss?
Who said, ``It's almost always asked when infidelity is an issue''?
What can his attorneys prepare for?
What did Gingrich serve metro Atlanta's 6th Congressional District from Marietta for in office?
What do spouses often hire detectives to sniff out to affairs at hard-fought divorce cases?
What do spouses often hire detectives to sniff out everything from finances to at hard-fought divorce cases?
Who did he become?
Whose attorneys can prepare for a deposition of Marianne Gingrich scheduled for Oct. 19?
What are that trying to figure?
Who do spouses often hire to sniff out everything from finances to affairs at hard-fought divorce cases?
What did Gingrich serve metro Atlanta's 6th Congressional District from Marietta for six of his 20 years in?
Who seeks financial documents dating back to 1987 Gingrich says lasted six years in most cases?
Who controlled the couple's assets?
What do the items include letters, gifts, phone records and other items Marianne Gingrich could use to prove Bisek was having with her husband?
Who is Bisek?
What was Newt Gingrich?
When has Gingrich asked his wife to respond to 26 questions and demands for discovery evidence in Cobb County?
Where has Gingrich asked his wife to respond to 26 questions and demands for discovery evidence by Wednesday?
When did Hedge rule that the subpoena was procedurally sound?
What are an attempt to learn everything possible about the financial standing of ATLANTA _ Newt Gingrich's wife?
Who are trying to figure that one?
What does the Washington judge want the attorneys to agree on?
What did his wife control?
What has Gingrich asked his wife to respond to 26 questions and demands for discovery evidence by Wednesday in?
Who put him under surveillance shortly before he became speaker of the U. S. House?
Who did District of Columbia Superior Court Judge Brook Hedge order to meet by next Friday to discuss a subpoena ordering Bisek to be deposed?
What is Adultery?
What was D. C.?
Who did District of Columbia Superior Court Judge Brook Hedge order to meet by next Friday to produce a wide range of evidence?
Who also argues that she is being asked to incriminate herself?
Who does it turn out no longer has a house to call home in Cobb County, at least for a while?
What was Callista Bisek?
Who does surveillance turn out no longer has a house to call home in Cobb County, at least for a while?
What did a Washington judge issue an order that puts Marianne Gingrich a step closer to questioning Callista Bisek under oath about Bisek's relationship with Newt Gingrich in?
Who also argues that ATLANTA _ Newt Gingrich is being asked to incriminate herself?
What include letters, gifts, phone records and other items Marianne Gingrich could use to prove Bisek was having an extramarital affair with her husband?
What did Washington divorce lawyer Sanford Ain say this type of question is not uncommon in?
Who was 48?
What did the revelations come from as the Gingriches ' divorce case moves toward a threatened trial date?
What does surveillance turn out?
Who did ATLANTA _ Newt Gingrich's estranged wife put under surveillance shortly before he became speaker of the U. S. House?
What do other questions in Gingrich's discovery notice seek to learn about?
Who has Gingrich asked to respond to 26 questions and demands for discovery evidence by Wednesday in Cobb County?
What are most of Gingrich's questions?
What will Gingrich live in?
What says District of Columbia Superior Court Judge Brook Hedge was issued incorrectly?
What ordered the attorneys for Bisek and Marianne Gingrich to meet by next Friday to discuss a subpoena ordering Bisek to be deposed?
What does that represent?
What ruled Thursday that the subpoena was procedurally sound?
Who does Gingrich seek financial documents dating back to 1987 says lasted six years in most cases?
What brought the public release of a Sept. 10 temporary agreement securing their assets while they litigate their divorce?
Who litigate their divorce?
What do they litigate?
What did he become speaker of?
What did ATLANTA _ Newt Gingrich's estranged wife put him under shortly before he became speaker of the U. S. House?
What do spouses often hire detectives to sniff out everything from finances to affairs at?
Who did ATLANTA _ Newt Gingrich become?
What did District of Columbia Superior Court Judge Brook Hedge order the attorneys for Bisek and Marianne Gingrich to meet by next Friday to produce a wide range of?
What do the items include Marianne Gingrich could use to prove Bisek was having an extramarital affair with her husband?
What does the subpoena say was issued incorrectly?
What was Washington?
What are an attempt to learn everything possible about the financial standing of his wife?
Who does the Washington judge want to agree on the scope of the information that can be demanded of Bisek?
What did ATLANTA _ Newt Gingrich's wife control?
What did a Washington judge issue about Bisek's relationship with Newt Gingrich in one of the more significant developments of the day?
What did his estranged wife put him under shortly before he became speaker of the U. S. House?
Whose personal life do still others seek to know about?
What does one demand by Gingrich read: ``?''
When did District of Columbia Superior Court Judge Brook Hedge order the attorneys for Bisek and Marianne Gingrich to meet to produce a wide range of evidence?
What did Hedge rule Thursday?
What represents an annual combined income of at least $240,000?
What is money at?
Whose estranged wife put him under surveillance shortly before he became speaker of the U. S. House?
What gives Marianne Gingrich possession of the couple's Marietta home?
Who do the items include letters, gifts, phone records and other items Marianne Gingrich could use to prove was having an extramarital affair with her husband?
Whose divorce case moves toward a threatened trial date?
What does Bisek also argue?
What litigate ATLANTA _ Newt Gingrich's divorce?
What does one demand by Gingrich read: ``Copies of?''
Who served metro Atlanta's 6th Congressional District from Marietta for six of his 20 years in office?
What do still others seek to know about?
What does that represent an annual combined income of?
Who do the items include letters, gifts, phone records and other items with?
What has Gingrich asked his wife to respond to by Wednesday in Cobb County?
How many years does Gingrich seek financial documents dating back to 1987 Gingrich says lasted in most cases?
Whose divorce do the couple's assets litigate?
Who said this type of question is not uncommon in hard-fought divorce cases?
What also pays the Gingriches a monthly stipend of $10,000 each?
Who has asked the judge to block the subpoena?
What reads: ``Copies of any surveillance or investigation reports, notes, or memos from 1994 to the date of trial?''
What does ATLANTA _ Newt Gingrich want to know under?
What does Gingrich seek financial documents dating back to 1987 in most cases?
Who is an aide to the House Agriculture Committee?
What brought the public release of a Sept. 10 temporary agreement securing ATLANTA _ Newt Gingrich's assets while they litigate their divorce?
Who did his estranged wife put under surveillance shortly before he became speaker of the U. S. House?
What did Gingrich serve from Marietta for six of his 20 years in office?
Who do the items include letters, gifts, phone records and other items Marianne Gingrich could use to prove Bisek was having an extramarital affair with?
Who is too vague?
When did District of Columbia Superior Court Judge Brook Hedge order the attorneys for Bisek and Marianne Gingrich to meet to discuss a subpoena ordering Bisek to be deposed?
What did also bring the public release of?
When does the Gingriches ' divorce case move?
What litigate their divorce?
Who has Bisek asked to block the subpoena?
What can ATLANTA _ Newt Gingrich's attorneys prepare for?
What do the couple's assets litigate?
What does the agreement give?
Who seek to know what she has learned about Gingrich's personal life?
What does Gingrich seek financial documents dating back to 1987 Gingrich says lasted six years in?
What brought the public release of a Sept. 10 temporary agreement the Gingriches signed splitting?
What did ATLANTA _ Newt Gingrich become speaker of?
When does Gingrich seek financial documents dating back to 1987 Gingrich says lasted in most cases?
Who was Randy Evans?
What did Marianne Gingrich's attorney characterize as ``peculiar''?
What are letters?
What does Gingrich's notice also instruct Bisek to bring with he's purchased for her, and travel she's taken at his expense since he became speaker?
What are an opposing attorney's records of any money Callista Bisek has spent on her?
What will be taken at Newt Gingrich's attorney's office in Washington in fact?
Who has Bisek asked to block Marianne Gingrich's subpoena asking Newt Gingrich to answer questions about her relationship with the former speaker?
What are he and estranged wife Marianne Gingrich to make together since the former speaker of the U. S. House of Representatives filed for divorce in July?
Whose attorney was John Mayoue?
What do both sides say they intend to follow through with?
Whose subpoena asking Newt Gingrich to answer questions about her relationship with the former speaker has Bisek asked a Washington judge to block?
When has Evans scheduled Bisek's deposition?
Who was Pamela Bresnahan?
Who said she has agreed to participate?
What will be taken at her attorney's office in Washington in fact?
What will the deposition be taken at her attorney's office in Washington in?
What did Marianne Gingrich's attorney point out to?
What also asks for documents?
Who has asked a Washington judge to block Marianne Gingrich's subpoena asking her to answer questions about her relationship with the former speaker?
What _ In a surprise move, Newt Gingrich has initiated his own deposition of the Washington congressional aide named in his divorce?
Who are due to appear before Judge Dorothy Robinson in Cobb Superior Court as their lawyers argue several discovery motions still in contention on Nov. 11?
What did Marianne Gingrich's attorney point out that Bisek has not withdrawn Newt Gingrich's objections to?
Who pointed out that Bisek has not withdrawn her objections to Mayoue's request for a deposition?
Who did Callista Bisek become?
What does the move come weeks into over the same deposition?
What did Bisek's attorney not return?
What comes weeks into an unresolved legal contest between Bisek and Marianne Gingrich over the same deposition?
Who called the move ``unique''?
When is the judge's ruling expected?
What do both sides say with?
What do ATLANTA _ In, Newt Gingrich has initiated his own deposition of the Washington congressional aide named in his divorce?
What has Bisek asked a Washington judge to block?
What is expected any day?
What was other than as a public relations tool?
What are they Bisek already has agreed to turn over in the deposition dispute between her and Marianne Gingrich?
Who do ATLANTA _ In a surprise move, Newt Gingrich has initiated his own deposition of?
Whose ruling is expected any day?
What did Gingrich announce he will question Callista Bisek under Nov. 9 in a notice filed Tuesday in Cobb County Superior Court?
Whose attorney did not return a phone message seeking confirmation?
When are the Gingriches due to appear before Judge Dorothy Robinson in Cobb Superior Court as their lawyers argue several discovery motions still in contention?
Who has Bisek asked to block Marianne Gingrich's subpoena asking her to answer questions about her relationship with the former speaker?
Who did he become?
Who has asked a Washington judge to block Marianne Gingrich's subpoena asking Newt Gingrich to answer questions about her relationship with the former speaker?
Whose attorney was Pamela Bresnahan?
When did Gingrich's attorney say, ``This whole idea of Callista Bisek hiding the ball, Newt Gingrich want to get rid of that real quick''?
Who said Tuesday, ``This whole idea of Callista Bisek hiding the ball, Newt Gingrich want to get rid of that real quick''?
Who argue several discovery motions still in contention?
Who said Newt Gingrich has agreed to participate?
Who did not return a phone message seeking confirmation?
What did Marianne Gingrich's attorney point out that Bisek has not withdrawn to Mayoue's request for a deposition?
Whose request for a deposition did Marianne Gingrich's attorney point out to?
What do ATLANTA _ In a surprise move, Newt Gingrich has initiated?
What are her records of any money he has spent on her?
When did Gingrich's attorney say, ``This whole idea of us hiding the ball, I want to get rid of that real quick''?
What will the deposition be taken at in fact?
Who could conceivably object to questioning by Gingrich's attorneys?
Who was Gingrich's attorney?
Whose objections did Marianne Gingrich's attorney point out to?
What was Gingrich's move to depose Bisek?
Who said Tuesday, ``This whole idea of us hiding the ball, I want to get rid of that real quick''?
What say they intend to follow through with the hearing?
Who was John Mayoue?
What did the former speaker of the U. S. House of Representatives file for in July?
What has Evans scheduled for Nov. 9?
What do their lawyers argue?
What did Marianne Gingrich's attorney point out that Bisek has not withdrawn her objections to?
Who did Evans say has agreed to participate?
What do ATLANTA _ In?
Who filed for divorce in July?
Whose attorney said Tuesday, ``This whole idea of us hiding the ball, I want to get rid of that real quick''?
What are they all documents Bisek already has agreed to turn over in?
What did Evans say?
Who said, ``We want to get this case resolved or tried''?
What did Edlin say offers little tactical benefit?
What did an opposing attorney call ``unique''?
Who was Marianne Gingrich's attorney?
Who writes for the Atlanta Journal-Constitution Ga.?
Who does Gingrich's notice also instruct Bisek to bring with an opposing attorney's records of any money he has spent on her for?
Whose deposition notice did Marianne Gingrich's attorney characterize as ``peculiar''?
What left open the possibility that a new date could be negotiated?
Who said, ``both sides want to get this case resolved or tried''?
What did Atlanta divorce attorney Shiel Edlin say, ``Newt Gingrich are trying to show the court''?
What did Edlin say other than as a public relations tool offers?
What are both sides allowed to question the witness in?
Who pointed out that Bisek has not withdrawn Newt Gingrich's objections to Mayoue's request for a deposition?
Who did Gingrich announce will question Callista Bisek under oath Nov. 9 in a notice filed Tuesday in Cobb County Superior Court?
Who are both sides allowed to question in a deposition?
What did an opposing attorney's notice leave open?
When does the move come into an unresolved legal contest between Bisek and Marianne Gingrich over the same deposition?
Whose attorney was Randy Evans?
What are phone records and gift receipts?
Whose attorney said Tuesday, ``This whole idea of Callista Bisek hiding the ball, Newt Gingrich want to get rid of that real quick''?
Who was Bisek's attorney?
Whose move to depose Bisek was other than as a public relations tool?
Whose objections did Marianne Gingrich's attorney point out that Bisek has not withdrawn to Mayoue's request for a deposition?
Whose request for a deposition did Marianne Gingrich's attorney point out that Bisek has not withdrawn Newt Gingrich's objections to?
Who became speaker?
What did his notice leave open?
What does Gingrich want to make clear to the public and to the court that Bisek is an independent witness who is not under his control?
What are they all documents in?
Who does Gingrich's notice also instruct Bisek to bring with her records of any money he has spent on her for?
What are allowed to question the witness in a deposition?
Who do ATLANTA _ In a surprise move, has initiated his own deposition of the Washington congressional aide named in his divorce?
Who wants to make it clear to the public and to the court that Bisek is an independent witness who is not under his control?
Whose request for a deposition did Marianne Gingrich's attorney point out that Bisek has not withdrawn her objections to?
Who are to make their first court appearance together since the former speaker of the U. S. House of Representatives filed for divorce in July?
Who has scheduled Bisek's deposition for Nov. 9?
What does the move come weeks into an unresolved legal contest between Bisek and Marianne Gingrich over?
Who are all documents Bisek already has agreed to turn over in the deposition dispute between her and Marianne Gingrich?
What do both sides say intend to follow through with the hearing?
What will the deposition be taken at Newt Gingrich's attorney's office in Washington in?
Whose notice left open the possibility that a new date could be negotiated?
What are documents as?
What are all documents Bisek already has agreed to turn over in the deposition dispute between her and Marianne Gingrich?
What do Newt Gingrich's lawyers argue?
What could link the two romantically?
What are such as letters?
What does the subpoena also ask for?
Whose records of any money Callista Bisek has spent on her are gifts?
Who do both sides say intend to follow through with the hearing?
Who said other than as a public relations tool offers little tactical benefit?
Whose attorney characterized Gingrich's deposition notice as ``peculiar''?
What are they all documents already has agreed to turn over in the deposition dispute between her and Marianne Gingrich?
What did Gingrich announce he will question Callista Bisek under oath Nov. 9 in?
What could letters link?
Whose deposition has Evans scheduled for Nov. 9?
When did the former speaker of the U. S. House of Representatives file for divorce?
What did Gingrich announce under in a notice filed Tuesday in Cobb County Superior Court?
Whose office in Washington will the deposition be taken at in fact?
Who announced he will question Callista Bisek under oath Nov. 9 in a notice filed Tuesday in Cobb County Superior Court?
What does Duane D. Stanford write for?
Whose attorney pointed out that Bisek has not withdrawn her objections to Mayoue's request for a deposition?
What are gifts?
Whose subpoena asking her to answer questions about her relationship with the former speaker has Bisek asked a Washington judge to block?
Who said, ``They are trying to show the court that they are not trying to hide her''?
Who characterized Gingrich's deposition notice as ``peculiar''?
Who said, ``Newt Gingrich are trying to show the court that they are not trying to hide an opposing attorney''?
Whose lawyers argue several discovery motions still in contention?
What did Atlanta divorce attorney Shiel Edlin say, ``They are trying to show the court''?
Whose attorney pointed out that Bisek has not withdrawn Newt Gingrich's objections to Mayoue's request for a deposition?
Who has asked Judge Dorothy Robinson to force Gingrich to answer pages of questions designed to uncover evidence that can be used at trial?
Who admitted the two have carried on a six-year affair?
What has Bisek refused to answer?
What do attorneys for Gingrich say he will skip?
Who do attorneys for Gingrich say will skip today's hearing?
What moves to a courtroom for the first time today as lawyers argue whether 32 questions is really just 32 questions?
What has the contentious divorce been full of?
Who plans to attend?
Who is Newt Gingrich's estranged wife?
Who has refused to answer a Washington subpoena that requires Newt Gingrich to sit for questioning by Marianne Gingrich's attorney?
What did Bisek admit have carried on a six-year affair?
What had Gingrich called his wife at to say that he was having an affair with Bisek?
What does Gingrich contend his wife's multiple-part questions actually amount to?
What does the subpoena also require to produce gifts and other documents that evidence her affair with Gingrich?
Who say he will skip today's hearing?
What does the subpoena also require to produce gifts and other documents that evidence Newt Gingrich's affair with Gingrich?
What does Newt Gingrich's divorce move to?
Who had called his wife at her childhood home in Ohio to say he wanted out of the marriage?
Whose multiple-part questions does Gingrich contend actually amount to as many as 150 questions?
Whose divorce moves to a courtroom for the first time today as lawyers argue whether 32 questions is really just 32 questions?
Who has refused to answer a Washington subpoena that requires her to sit for questioning by Marianne Gingrich's attorney?
What has the contentious divorce been?
Who had Gingrich called his wife at her childhood home in Ohio to say with?
What does Gingrich contend actually amount to as many as 150 questions?
Who had Gingrich called at her childhood home in Ohio to say he wanted out of the marriage?
Who had called his wife at her childhood home in Ohio to say that he was having an affair with Bisek?
Whose multiple-part questions does Gingrich contend to?
What allows just one-third that many, so Gingrich wants his wife to pare them down?
When has Marianne Gingrich said, ``I was shocked''?
What also requires Bisek to produce gifts and other documents that evidence Newt Gingrich's affair with Gingrich?
What did Gingrich file for in July?
Whose estranged wife is Marianne?
Who had Gingrich called at her childhood home in Ohio to say that he was having an affair with Bisek?
Who will decide that dispute after a Nov. 23 hearing?
When did Gingrich file for divorce?
Who have such moves left outside the case shaking their heads?
Whose estranged wife plans to attend?
What is really just 32 questions?
What does Newt Gingrich's divorce move to a courtroom for the first time today as lawyers argue?
What does Gingrich contend to?
What has Marianne Gingrich asked Judge Dorothy Robinson to force Gingrich to answer pages of?
What had Gingrich called his wife at to say he wanted out of the marriage?
What do attorneys for Gingrich say?
What have left divorce attorneys outside the case shaking their heads?
Where had Gingrich called his wife to say that he was having an affair with Bisek?
What have such moves left divorce attorneys outside?
What will a Washington judge decide after a Nov. 23 hearing?
What had Gingrich called his wife at her childhood home in Ohio to say of?
Who had Gingrich called his wife at her childhood home in Ohio to say wanted out of the marriage?
Who does the subpoena also require Bisek to produce gifts and other documents that evidence her affair with?
Who is Marianne?
Who contends his wife's multiple-part questions actually amount to as many as 150 questions?
Who does the subpoena also require Bisek to produce gifts and other documents that evidence Newt Gingrich's affair with?
What did Bisek admit on?
What does the subpoena also require Bisek to produce with Gingrich?
Who is his estranged wife?
What has Marianne Gingrich asked Judge Dorothy Robinson to force Gingrich to answer?
How many questions is 32 questions really?
Who had Gingrich called his wife at her childhood home in Ohio to say that he was having an affair with?
What had Gingrich called his wife at her childhood home in Ohio to say that he was having with Bisek?
How many questions is really just 32 questions?
What also requires Bisek to produce gifts and other documents that evidence her affair with Gingrich?
What has been full of unusual turns?
What is 32 questions really?
Who has Marianne Gingrich asked to force Gingrich to answer pages of questions designed to uncover evidence that can be used at trial?
Who filed for divorce in July?
Where had Gingrich called his wife to say he wanted out of the marriage?
What had Gingrich called his wife at her childhood home in Ohio to say he wanted out of?
Who has Marianne Gingrich asked Judge Dorothy Robinson to force to answer pages of questions designed to uncover evidence that can be used at trial?
What will a Washington judge decide that dispute after?
Who has said of that day, ``I was shocked''?
What did Bisek admit the two have carried on?
Who said her thoughts immediately went back to late 1993?
What does she's also helping Mission Specialties raise to buy shoes for Russian orphans?
Who argued that Gingrich's new job as a political commentator for Fox News makes Newt Gingrich inappropriate to include him in political gatherings?
What did Marianne Gingrich speak publicly about this week?
What have other Republicans jumped to?
Who added, ``If you 're looking for a spirited defense of the speaker's private life from me, you 'll not get one?''
What is this about?
What did the friend call Newt Gingrich from?
Who argued that Gingrich's new job as a political commentator for Fox News makes it inappropriate to include him in political gatherings?
Who says it's been hard to speak of the end of her 18-year marriage and her husband's affair?
What surprised his wife?
Who was recovering from a diabetes-related illness at Ohio?
What was Newt Gingrich's mother recovering from at Ohio?
Who did organizers say as it turned out, could not make it?
Who is an international service organization?
What did U. S. Sen. Paul Coverdell say Wednesday to?
What did Newt Gingrich tell his wife he was seeing another woman and wanted a divorce _ Last May?
What did republican House members who took office in 1995 hold on the same day Gingrich's attorneys said his affair with Bisek stretched back six years?
When did he not mention?
What were 35 pounds the result of?
What does it's only right that we invite Newt Gingrich to return for?
What did the relationship predate Gingrich's ascension to?
What did Rep. Mac Collins say his ideas and his vision put together With America?
What did Rep. Mac Collins say his ideas and his vision put together the Contract With?
Who is chairwoman of the Red Cross ' Northwest Metro Service Center?
What did the length of the relationship, which predated Gingrich's ascension to the speakership of the U. S. House, jolt many of Gingrich's colleagues still in?
Who said as Gingrich's attendance at that gathering turned out, Rep. Mac Collins was in New Orleans?
Whose ascension did the relationship predate to the speakership of the U. S. House?
Who do U. S. Rep. J. D. Hayworth 're looking for a spirited defense of the speaker's private life from?
What did she tell this is about my life?
What was Newt Gingrich's brother fighting at Florida?
Whose brother later died of lymphoma?
What did republican House members who took office in 1995 hold a reunion in Washington on the same day Gingrich's attorneys said?
Who did not endorse an invitation when some Republicans in Congress discussed the event with reporters?
What is this not about?
When did republican House members who took office in 1995 hold a reunion in Washington?
What predated Gingrich's ascension to the speakership of the U. S. House?
What did Rep. Mac Collins say U. S. Rep. J. D. Hayworth's ideas and his vision put together the Contract With?
Who said as it turned out, he was in New Orleans?
Who does it's only right that we invite to return for any celebration?
Who did Gingrich's attorneys say his ``intimate relationship'' with congressional aide started in November 1993?
Whose attorneys said his ``intimate relationship'' with congressional aide Callista Bisek started in November 1993?
Who does Newt Gingrich's also helping raise money to buy shoes for Russian orphans?
What were 35 pounds?
When did U. S. Sen. Paul Coverdell say that he expects Gingrich to be invited to the January event?
Whose attendance at that gathering turned out?
Who did Newt Gingrich tell he was seeing another woman and wanted a divorce ATLANTA _ Last May?
What does Marianne Gingrich say in?
Where was her brother fighting cancer?
Who did Newt Gingrich tell his wife was seeing another woman and wanted a divorce ATLANTA _ Last May?
Whose defense have other Republicans jumped to?
Who did organizers say as Gingrich's attendance at that gathering turned out, could not make it?
What did Gingrich's attorneys say Callista Bisek started in November 1993?
What did Newt Gingrich not mention had been going on for six years?
Who do you 're looking for a spirited defense of the speaker's private life from?
Who said, ``A scheduling conflict saved us from having to fight this out''?
Who said she heard about the news conference from a friend shortly afterwards?
What marches on?
How many pounds did Marianne Gingrich say she has lost in a People magazine article that comes out today?
What surprised Newt Gingrich's wife?
What was her brother fighting at Florida?
Who did Marianne Gingrich say has lost 35 pounds in a People magazine article that comes out today?
When did Gingrich's attorneys say his ``intimate relationship'' with congressional aide?
What jolted many of Gingrich's colleagues still in Congress?
What was she traveling between?
What do U. S. Rep. J. D. Hayworth 're looking for from me?
Who did organizers say as it turned out, was in New Orleans?
Who did not endorse an invitation when he and Coverdell discussed the event with reporters?
What does Marianne Gingrich say of?
Who helped put the reunion together?
Whose colleagues did it jolt many of still in Congress?
Who have Newt Gingrich's attorneys said were separated when the relationship with Bisek began?
Where was Newt Gingrich's mother recovering from a diabetes-related illness?
What did organizers say as Gingrich's attendance at that gathering turned out, Rep. Mac Collins was in?
Who said as Gingrich's attendance at that gathering turned out, Rep. Mac Collins could not make it?
What did organizers say as it turned out, he was in?
What did she say, ``I do not have any way to express it without getting into some really deep emotions to''?
What was her mother recovering from a diabetes-related illness at?
Who did Hayworth say's gone on to other pursuits?
Whose colleagues did the length of the relationship, which predated Gingrich's ascension to the speakership of the U. S. House, jolt many of still in Congress?
What does Newt Gingrich's also helping Mission Specialties raise money to buy for Russian orphans?
What are her most extensive since the days immediately after her husband's July divorce petition was filed?
Who 'res looking for a spirited defense of the speaker's private life from me?
Who called Newt Gingrich from a cell phone?
What did Newt Gingrich say immediately went back to late 1993?
Who did organizers say as Gingrich's attendance at that gathering turned out, was in New Orleans?
Who called her from a cell phone?
Who did the length of the relationship, which predated Gingrich's ascension to the speakership of the U. S. House, jolt many of still in Congress?
Who held a reunion in Washington on the same day Gingrich's attorneys said his affair with Bisek stretched back six years?
Who did U. S. Sen. Paul Coverdell say Wednesday that he expects to be invited to the January event?
What did it jolt many of Gingrich's colleagues still in?
Who does Congress's only right that some Republicans in Congress invite to return for any celebration?
What is beginning to concern some of Gingrich's GOP colleagues?
What cartoonists?
What did Marianne Gingrich say she has lost 35 pounds in?
Who 're looking for a spirited defense of the speaker's private life from me?
What does Congress's only right for?
Who says lymphoma's been hard to speak of the end of her 18-year marriage and her husband's affair?
Who did it jolt still in Congress?
Where was he?
What had been an issue?
When did Gingrich's attorneys say his ``intimate relationship'' with congressional aide Callista Bisek started?
Who have said he and Marianne were separated when the relationship with Bisek began?
What does Newt Gingrich's also helping Mission Specialties raise to buy shoes for Russian orphans?
Who does she's also helping raise money to buy shoes for Russian orphans?
Whose attorneys have said he and Marianne were separated when the relationship with Bisek began?
Who told The Atlanta Journal-Constitution this is about my life?
Who did not mention the affair had been going on for six years?
Who did the length of the relationship surprise?
What did Rep. Mac Collins say put together the Contract With America?
Who is 56?
Where did organizers say as Gingrich's attendance at that gathering turned out, Rep. Mac Collins was?
Who is 33?
What did organizers say as it turned out, he could not make?
Whose July divorce petition was filed?
Where was Newt Gingrich's brother fighting cancer?
What does Marianne Gingrich say's been hard to speak of the end of her 18-year marriage and her husband's affair?
What does it's only right for?
What did Newt Gingrich tell his wife ATLANTA _ Last May?
When did he not mention the affair had been going on?
What was Newt Gingrich traveling between?
Who are fretting over whether Gingrich should be invited to a January celebration of the fifth anniversary of the Republican takeover of Congress?
When did Marianne Gingrich speak publicly about her divorce?
Whose wife did the length of the relationship surprise?
What was he in?
What fueled an already bubbling debate over the impact of Gingrich's divorce on his unofficial role in the Republican Party?
What is Marianne Gingrich?
When did Newt Gingrich say her thoughts immediately went back?
Who said Wednesday that he expects Gingrich to be invited to the January event?
When did Newt Gingrich not mention?
Who spoke publicly about her divorce this week?
What did he not mention had been going on for six years?
Who did Marianne Gingrich say heard about the news conference from a friend shortly afterwards?
What were the result of stress and diet?
What did she tell The Atlanta Journal-Constitution this is about?
What is Marianne Gingrich chairwoman of?
Who told his wife he was seeing another woman and wanted a divorce ATLANTA _ Last May?
When did Newt Gingrich tell his wife he was seeing another woman and wanted a divorce ATLANTA _?
What did she say immediately went back to late 1993?
Who says she and her husband were living together in a Marietta condo?
Who said he's gone on to other pursuits?
What is not about politics and another press conference?
What are Newt Gingrich most extensive since the days immediately after her husband's July divorce petition was filed?
Who's also helping Mission Specialties raise money to buy shoes for Russian orphans?
Whose attendance at that gathering had been an issue?
Who said as it turned out, he could not make it?
Whose affair with Bisek did republican House members who took office in 1995 hold a reunion in Washington on the same day Gingrich's attorneys said?
What is Mission Specialties?
What was Newt Gingrich's brother fighting cancer at?
What did U. S. Sen. Paul Coverdell say Wednesday that he expects Gingrich to be invited to?
Who said, ``In general, my family was in medical crisis''?
When did Newt Gingrich not mention the affair had been going on?
What had Gingrich's attendance at that gathering been?
What did it fuel?
What did the friend call her from?
What did U. S. Rep. J. C. Watts not endorse when he and Coverdell discussed the event with reporters?
What did Marianne Gingrich say she has lost in a People magazine article that comes out today?
Whose mother was recovering from a diabetes-related illness at Ohio?
Whose ideas and his vision did Rep. Mac Collins say put together the Contract With America?
What's only right that we invite Newt Gingrich to return for any celebration?
Who said his ideas and his vision put together the Contract With America?
Who did it jolt many of still in Congress?
Who said his ``intimate relationship'' with congressional aide Callista Bisek started in November 1993?
Who did Marianne Gingrich say she heard about the news conference from shortly afterwards?
What does she's also helping Mission Specialties raise money to buy for Russian orphans?
Who are the remarks most extensive since the days immediately after her husband's July divorce petition was filed?
Who held a reunion in Washington on the same day Gingrich's attorneys said Rep. Mac Collins's affair with Bisek stretched back six years?
Who does she's also helping Mission Specialties raise money to buy shoes for?
Whose brother was fighting cancer at Florida?
What did her brother later die of?
What was her mother recovering from at Ohio?
What was filed?
What did U. S. Rep. J. D. Hayworth argue that Gingrich's new job as a political commentator for Fox News makes inappropriate to include him in political gatherings?
What do you 're looking for from me?
When are the remarks her most extensive immediately after her husband's July divorce petition was filed?
Who said?
What was her brother fighting cancer at?
Where did organizers say as it turned out, he was?
What is Bisek?
What did U. S. Rep. J. D. Hayworth argue in?
Who said, ``I found out with the rest of the country''?
What did Marianne Gingrich say she heard about from a friend shortly afterwards?
Who have jumped to Gingrich's defense?
What did Marianne Gingrich say in a People magazine article that comes out today?
How many pounds were the result of stress and diet?
Who was fighting cancer at Florida?
Who said U. S. Rep. J. D. Hayworth's ideas and his vision put together the Contract With America?
Whose new job as a political commentator for Fox News did U. S. Rep. J. D. Hayworth argue in?
Who does Marianne Gingrich say were living together in a Marietta condo?
What is Newt Gingrich?
Who later died of lymphoma?
When did Newt Gingrich say?
Who is Marianne Gingrich?
Who is 48?
What turned out?
Who did the friend call from a cell phone?
Who was traveling between Ohio, and Florida?
What did Newt Gingrich's brother later die of?
When are the remarks Newt Gingrich most extensive immediately after her husband's July divorce petition was filed?
What does Congress's only right that some Republicans in Congress invite Newt Gingrich to return for?
Who does Newt Gingrich's also helping Mission Specialties raise money to buy shoes for?
What did she tell The Atlanta Journal-Constitution is about my life?
What did organizers say as Gingrich's attendance at that gathering turned out, Rep. Mac Collins could not make?
Who was in Washington?
Who said she has lost 35 pounds in a People magazine article that comes out today?
What's only right that some Republicans in Congress invite Newt Gingrich to return for any celebration?
Who did the length of the relationship, which predated Gingrich's ascension to the speakership of the U. S. House, jolt still in Congress?
When did the relationship predate to the speakership of the U. S. House?
What did Marianne Gingrich say about?
What did Rep. Mac Collins say U. S. Rep. J. D. Hayworth's ideas and his vision put together With America?
What does Marianne Gingrich say she and her husband were living together in?
Who said, ``A scheduling conflict saved organizers from having to fight this out''?
Where was her mother recovering from a diabetes-related illness?
When did she say?
What have Newt Gingrich's attorneys said?
When did she say her thoughts immediately went back?
What was Newt Gingrich's mother recovering from a diabetes-related illness at?
What did U. S. Rep. J. C. Watts not endorse when some Republicans in Congress discussed the event with reporters?
What is about a marriage?
What did Hayworth say he's gone on to?
What is the Bisek deposition among?
What is Gingrich?
Whose wife is Marianne?
Who is Gingrich's wife?
Who does Marianne Gingrich say 'll attend the hearing?
What have attorneys for Gingrich also admitted?
What ordered lawyers for the Gingriches to try to reach a compromise on the subpoena?
What is set to hear arguments this morning about what gifts must turn over in Callista Bisek's Cobb County divorce?
What have asked that a deposition be held within 30 days?
Who must Hedge also decide by?
When have they asked that a deposition be held?
What does Marianne Gingrich say she 'll attend?
Who has already testified under oath for Gingrich's attorneys that her affair with the former Georgia congressman began six years ago?
Who has already testified under oath for Gingrich's attorneys that ATLANTA _ Newt Gingrich's affair with the former Georgia congressman began six years ago?
What are videotapes or audiotapes of 18 years?
What did they agree on?
Who reached an impasse on others?
What are videotapes or audiotapes of them?
Who agreed on certain items?
What is significant because Marianne Gingrich, 48, and her attorney appear intent on taking Bisek's deposition before Callista Bisek will talk settlement?
Who did Hedge order to try to reach a compromise on the subpoena?
What did lawyers for the Gingriches agree on?
Who have asked that a deposition be held within 30 days?
Who does ATLANTA _ Newt Gingrich's estranged wife hope today will resolve a months-long quest for answers from?
What has Bisek agreed to reveal Gingrich gave her?
What has Bisek also expressed?
What reached an impasse on others?
Who says she 'll attend the hearing?
What has Bisek already testified under that her affair with the former Georgia congressman began six years ago?
When have many of the records requested by Gingrich's wife, Marianne, asked that a deposition be held?
Who are photos videotapes or audiotapes of?
What are photos videotapes or audiotapes of?
Whose attorney must Hedge also decide by?
Who is Marianne?
What are records and other documents Gingrich's girlfriend?
When have Gingrich and Marianne been married?
What has Bisek already testified under oath for Gingrich's attorneys?
When did the twice-married Newt Gingrich file for divorce?
Who appear intent on taking Bisek's deposition before they will talk settlement?
Who also is prepared to reveal money Gingrich has spent on her, or trips she's taken at his expense?
Who hopes today will resolve a months-long quest for answers from her husband's lover?
What is among several disputes that have marked the contentious case since the twice-married Newt Gingrich filed for divorce in July?
Whose lover does ATLANTA _ Newt Gingrich's estranged wife hope today will resolve a months-long quest for answers from?
What did they reach?
Who has argued that many of Marianne Gingrich's questions are either too broad or vague?
What has Bisek agreed to reveal several gifts?
Who has Bisek agreed to reveal several gifts gave her?
Who will talk settlement?
What is a crime in Washington?
What is Bisek?
What has Bisek already testified under that ATLANTA _ Newt Gingrich's affair with the former Georgia congressman began six years ago?
What date back to January 1995?
When are photos videotapes or audiotapes?
Whose lover does ATLANTA _ Newt Gingrich's estranged wife hope from?
When does ATLANTA _ Newt Gingrich's estranged wife hope will resolve a months-long quest for answers from her husband's lover?
What will they talk?
What have attorneys for Gingrich also admitted that he had?
Who has also expressed concerns that some of the questions infringe upon ATLANTA _ Newt Gingrich's constitutional right not to incriminate herself?
Who has agreed to reveal several gifts Gingrich gave her?
What does ATLANTA _ Newt Gingrich's estranged wife hope today will resolve from her husband's lover?
How many years have Gingrich and Marianne been married?
Whose estranged wife hopes today will resolve a months-long quest for answers from her husband's lover?
Who also have admitted that he had an ``intimate relationship'' with Bisek?
Who has Bisek agreed to reveal several gifts Gingrich gave?
When is Washington Superior Court Judge Brook Hedge set to hear arguments about what gifts must turn over in his Cobb County divorce?
What is significant because Marianne Gingrich, 48, and her attorney appear intent on taking Bisek's deposition before they will talk settlement?
When do many of the records requested by Gingrich's wife date back?
Who is Gingrich's girlfriend?
What did the twice-married Newt Gingrich file for in July?
What could contain evidence that might be used during a divorce trial or to leverage a more favorable settlement?
What also must decide how soon Bisek will have to sit for questioning by Marianne Gingrich's attorney?
When have many of the records requested by Gingrich's wife, Marianne, asked?
Who appear intent on taking Bisek's deposition before Callista Bisek will talk settlement?
What agreed on certain items?
What will talk settlement?
Who does ATLANTA _ Newt Gingrich's estranged wife hope from?
Who still refuses to answer Marianne Gingrich's questions under oath or respond to certain document requests?
What have been unsuccessful?
Who is Callista Bisek?
What are photos?
Who is 56?
Who is 33?
Whose girlfriend is Callista Bisek?
When is Washington Superior Court Judge Brook Hedge set to hear arguments about what gifts must turn over in Callista Bisek's Cobb County divorce?
Who have been married 18 years?
Whose affair with the former Georgia congressman has Bisek already testified under oath for Gingrich's attorneys?
What does Duane D. Stanford write for?
What has Bisek argued?
What is set to hear arguments this morning about what gifts must turn over in his Cobb County divorce?
When have they asked?
What does Marianne Gingrich say?
What are gifts?
Who filed for divorce in July?
Who is a scheduler for the Agriculture Committee?
What is Adultery?
What did lawyers for the Gingriches reach?
What did Hedge order lawyers for the Gingriches to try to reach?
What will Callista Bisek talk?
Who has also expressed concerns that some of the questions infringe upon her constitutional right not to incriminate herself?
Who writes for the Atlanta Journal-Constitution Ga.?
What will be taken at all this month?
Who is question under oath ATLANTA _ Newt Gingrich and Marianne Gingrich's estranged husband's admitted girlfriend?
Whose deposition does it's uncertain now at?
What did a Washington judge order Bisek to answer questions under?
What have the Gingriches hit?
What will the mediator report to whether the Gingriches have hit an impasse after today's session?
What has Bisek begun turning over to Marianne Gingrich?
What will the mediator report to the court whether the Gingriches have hit an impasse after?
What did John Mayoue say?
Who did the Gingriches elect to use?
What will the meeting be held at?
What is scheduled to appear for a court-ordered mediation session in Cobb County?
What does Newt Gingrich's attorney say?
Who does she question?
When can they be granted?
What can be granted a trial date?
Who did he say was not sure whether a settlement could actually be reached today?
What does it go to?
Who is Newt Gingrich's attorney?
Who has begun turning over the documents to Marianne Gingrich?
Whose deposition does ATLANTA _ Newt Gingrich and Marianne Gingrich's uncertain now at?
Who did John Mayoue say was not sure whether a settlement could actually be reached today?
What are phone records and bank statements dating back to 1995?
Whose attorney says Marianne Gingrich has refused to even discuss a settlement until she questions Bisek?
What did Evans say this week?
What has Mayoue not returned phone messages left at his office for week?
What will be held at the offices of Marianne Gingrich's attorney?
Who did a Washington judge order to provide documents related to ATLANTA _ Newt Gingrich and Marianne Gingrich's affair with Gingrich?
Who has Bisek begun turning over the documents to?
What may today be?
What will the mediator report to the court after today's session?
Whose admitted girlfriend is Callista Bisek?
Who did a Washington judge order Bisek to provide documents related to ATLANTA _ Newt Gingrich and Marianne Gingrich's affair with?
What does it's uncertain now at?
How many sides have been unable to agree on a deposition date?
What did a Washington judge order Bisek to answer under oath for Marianne Gingrich?
When may be a lot to ask?
Whose deposition will be taken at all this month?
What did he say into?
Who has yet to question under oath her estranged husband's admitted girlfriend?
When did Mayoue say he needs?
What did John Mayoue say into?
Who have admitted they 've been seeing each other for six years?
Who has not returned phone messages left at his office for more than a week?
Who is Randy Evans?
Who did a Washington judge order to provide documents related to her affair with Gingrich?
What will ATLANTA _ Newt Gingrich and Marianne Gingrich try to reach a divorce settlement today in?
Who is question under oath her estranged husband's admitted girlfriend?
What did he say Gingrich is going into the mediation with?
Whose admitted girlfriend does Marianne Gingrich have yet to?
What does Newt Gingrich's attorney say Marianne Gingrich has refused to even discuss until she questions Bisek?
What are cards?
What have been unable to agree on a deposition date?
What did he say Gingrich is going into with an open mind?
When will Bisek's deposition be taken at all?
What does a standing judicial order in Cobb Superior Court require to be taken to mediation before they can be granted a trial date?
What did a Washington judge order Bisek to provide with Gingrich?
What will Bisek's deposition be taken at this month?
Who have hit an impasse?
What did John Mayoue say Gingrich is going into the mediation with?
What did he say?
Who said he was not sure whether a settlement could actually be reached today?
What is Ga.?
Who said he needs time to examine Bisek's documents?
Who elected to use a mediator chosen by the court's Alternative Dispute Resolution division?
Who's uncertain now whether Bisek's deposition will be taken at all this month?
Who said this week that Gingrich is prepared to split the couple's marital assets and pay his wife alimony?
What have Gingrich and Bisek admitted 've been seeing each other for six years?
Who says Marianne Gingrich has refused to even discuss a settlement until she questions Bisek?
Who ordered Bisek to provide documents related to her affair with Gingrich?
Who did John Mayoue say is going into the mediation with an open mind?
Whose attorney is Randy Evans?
Who does Marianne Gingrich have yet to?
Who did Mayoue say needs time to examine Bisek's documents?
What does a court-ordered mediation session in Cobb County, Ga. go to?
Who will report to the court whether the Gingriches have hit an impasse after today's session?
Who can be granted a trial date?
What did Mayoue say?
Who did a Washington judge order to answer questions under oath for Marianne Gingrich?
What goes to trial?
Who have considered the deposition a key element of their case?
When did Evans say that Gingrich is prepared to split the couple's marital assets and pay his wife alimony?
What's uncertain now whether Bisek's deposition will be taken at all this month?
Who did a Washington judge order Bisek to provide documents related to her affair with?
Who ordered Bisek to answer questions under oath for Marianne Gingrich?
Who questions Bisek?
What did John Mayoue say Gingrich is going into with an open mind?
Who have Gingrich and Bisek admitted 've been seeing each other for six years?
Who is Callista Bisek?
What is Cobb County?
What is Gingrich and Bisek?
Who will try to reach a divorce settlement today in their first face-to-face meeting since theirsplit?
When have Gingrich and Bisek admitted?
Who is a scheduler for the House Agriculture Committee?
Who ordered Bisek to provide documents related to ATLANTA _ Newt Gingrich and Marianne Gingrich's affair with Gingrich?
What does ATLANTA _ Newt Gingrich and Marianne Gingrich's uncertain now at?
Who said Gingrich is going into the mediation with an open mind?
Who originally demanded only that Bisek bring the documents to the deposition?
Who does Newt Gingrich's attorney say has refused to even discuss a settlement until she questions Bisek?
Who does ATLANTA _ Newt Gingrich and Marianne Gingrich question?
When can all civil cases be granted?
Who did he say is going into the mediation with an open mind?
What requires all civil cases to be taken to mediation before they can be granted a trial date?
Who was Randy Evans?
What did Marianne Gingrich go to?
What was it unclear?
When did the Gingriches remain in separate rooms?
What did a judge order Bisek to answer questions under?
What did the couple nearly go to over a joint account set up to protect the testimony of Bisek's assets while the divorce is being sought?
Who has been adamant about deposing Callista Bisek with whom Gingrich has had a relationship for six years?
Who was Newt Gingrich's divorce attorney?
What is required of most civil cases in Cobb County Superior Court?
What did a judge order Bisek to answer under oath?
Whose lawyers did Marianne Gingrich take to a Cobb County courtroom?
Who said he was hopeful: You know, it's to their benefit?
Whose attorney was John Mayoue?
What is Mediation required of in Cobb County Superior Court?
Who is the House employee?
Who did Browning say he was hopeful: know, it's to their benefit?
Whose benefit did Browning say he was hopeful: You know, the split's to?
How many years has the couple been married?
What did Browning say at?
When has the couple been married?
What did Gingrich file for divorce in July at?
What has been married 18 years?
What did Browning say generally includes a face-to-face meeting at some point?
When did Gingrich leave Congress?
What are going to save a lot of money?
Who did Marianne Gingrich successfully ask a judge to order to answer 32 questions intended to dig up evidence about finances?
What are those who are able to settle their cases going to save?
Where did John Mayoue also offer few hints about the mediation?
How many questions intended to dig up evidence about finances did Marianne Gingrich successfully ask a judge to order him to answer?
Who did ATLANTA _ Newt Gingrich and Marianne Gingrich spend Thursday afternoon with?
Who said the former U. S. House speaker is ready to split all current assets with his wife and pay Marianne Gingrich's alimony?
Who spent Thursday afternoon with a mediator in their first attempt to resolve their bitter divorce?
When did ATLANTA _ Newt Gingrich and Marianne Gingrich spend with a mediator in their first attempt to resolve their bitter divorce?
What did Mayoue say's fraught with a lot of emotions?
Who has not said what her terms for settlement would be?
Who took her husband's lawyers to a Cobb County courtroom?
Who successfully asked a judge to order him to answer 32 questions intended to infidelity?
Who ordered Bisek to answer questions under oath?
Who said he was hopeful: You know, the split's to ATLANTA _ Newt Gingrich and Marianne Gingrich's benefit?
Who did Newt Gingrich's business attorney say with?
What did John Mayoue also offer few hints about the mediation in?
What so far has included a number of smaller fights over money, information and the testimony of Bisek?
What were they making?
What did Browning say he was hopeful: You know, it's to?
Whose law offices near Cumberland Mall was the mediation being conducted in?
Who said it's fraught with a lot of emotions?
Who remained in separate rooms for at least the first two hours of the court-ordered session?
What did Browning say mediation generally includes a face-to-face meeting at?
What did Mayoue say it's fraught with?
Who did Browning say was hopeful: You know, it's to their benefit?
What did John Mayoue also offer in Cobb County?
Who did Marianne Gingrich successfully ask to order him to answer 32 questions intended to dig up evidence about finances?
Who said, ``Each party is in a conference room''?
What was Thursday afternoon unclear?
Who said, ``the mediator goes back and forth between each group''?
What did Browning say mediation generally includes at some point?
What did the Gingriches remain in for at least the first two hours of the court-ordered session?
What has the Gingrich divorce so far included?
What probably will be put off until early next year?
What's an extraordinarily complex and difficult case?
What did John Mayoue also offer few hints about in Cobb County?
Who went to court?
Whose business attorney said the former U. S. House speaker is ready to split all current assets with his wife and pay her alimony?
Who was Tom Browning?
Who did Marianne Gingrich take to a Cobb County courtroom?
What did Browning say: You know, it's to their benefit?
Who did Marianne Gingrich successfully ask to order him to answer 32 questions intended to infidelity?
What is Mediation required of most civil cases in?
What did that dispute settled on whether Marianne Gingrich had deposit all the funds from the couple had set up this year before their split?
When will that deposition probably be put off?
Who left Congress in January?
What did that dispute settled on whether Marianne Gingrich had deposit all the funds from a joint company had set up this year before their split?
Who successfully asked a judge to order him to answer 32 questions intended to dig up evidence about finances?
What are those who are able to settle ATLANTA _ Newt Gingrich and Marianne Gingrich's cases going to save a lot of?
What did Marianne Gingrich take her husband's lawyers to?
What did that dispute settled on whether Marianne Gingrich had deposit all the funds from a joint company the couple had set up this year before?
What did Browning say he was hopeful: You know,'s to ATLANTA _ Newt Gingrich and Marianne Gingrich's benefit?
What was the mediation being conducted in?
Who was Newt Gingrich's business attorney?
Who said mediation generally includes a face-to-face meeting at some point?
What has Marianne Gingrich not said?
What does it's?
What did Marianne Gingrich successfully ask a judge to order him to answer?
What is being sought?
Who said the former U. S. House speaker is ready to split all current assets with his wife and pay her alimony?
What has the Gingrich divorce so far included a number of?
What are those who are able to settle ATLANTA _ Newt Gingrich and Marianne Gingrich's cases going to save?
Whose business attorney said the former U. S. House speaker is ready to split all current assets with his wife and pay Marianne Gingrich's alimony?
Who did Newt Gingrich's business attorney say is ready to split all current assets with his wife and pay her alimony?
Who did Newt Gingrich's business attorney say is ready to split all current assets with his wife and pay Marianne Gingrich's alimony?
Who were making any real progress?
What were ATLANTA _ Newt Gingrich and Marianne Gingrich making?
What nearly went to court over a joint account set up to protect the testimony of Bisek's assets while the divorce is being sought?
Who did Browning say was hopeful: You know, the split's to ATLANTA _ Newt Gingrich and Marianne Gingrich's benefit?
What were making any real progress?
When was unclear whether ATLANTA _ Newt Gingrich and Marianne Gingrich were making any real progress?
When did Gingrich file for divorce at Cobb County Superior Court?
Who did Marianne Gingrich successfully ask a judge to order to answer 32 questions intended to infidelity?
What did Gingrich leave in January?
What did the couple nearly go to over a joint account set up to protect their assets while the divorce is being sought?
When was much of the money earned?
Who did a judge order to answer questions under oath?
What deposited all the funds from a joint company the couple had set up this year before their split?
Whose divorce attorney was Tom Browning?
What did that dispute settled on whether Marianne Gingrich had deposit from a joint company the couple had set up this year before their split?
What nearly went to court over a joint account set up to protect their assets while the divorce is being sought?
What did that dispute settled on whether Marianne Gingrich had deposit all the funds from a joint company before?
How many questions intended to infidelity did Marianne Gingrich successfully ask a judge to order him to answer?
Who did a judge order to provide records that might document her relationship with Gingrich?
When did that dispute settled on whether Marianne Gingrich had deposit all the funds from a joint company the couple had set up before their split?
Who is Callista Bisek?
What was unclear whether they were making any real progress?
What did Browning say he was hopeful: You know, the split's to?
What was being conducted in John Mayoue's law offices near Cumberland Mall?
Who was John Mayoue?
Who did Browning say he was hopeful: know, the split's to ATLANTA _ Newt Gingrich and Marianne Gingrich's benefit?
What did Browning say he was hopeful: You know,'s to their benefit?
What did Gingrich file for in July at Cobb County Superior Court?
Who filed for divorce in July at Cobb County Superior Court?
Who also offered few hints about the mediation in Cobb County?
What did a judge order Bisek to provide?
Who did a judge order to provide records that might document ATLANTA _ Newt Gingrich and Marianne Gingrich's relationship with Gingrich?
What are those who are able to settle their cases going to save a lot of?
Whose alimony did Newt Gingrich's business attorney say with?
What was earned this year?
Who ordered Bisek to provide records that might document her relationship with Gingrich?
What did Browning say: You know, the split's to ATLANTA _ Newt Gingrich and Marianne Gingrich's benefit?
Who was asked if the split would be settled Thursday?
Whose business attorney was Randy Evans?
Who was Marianne Gingrich's attorney?
Who ordered Bisek to provide records that might document ATLANTA _ Newt Gingrich and Marianne Gingrich's relationship with Gingrich?
What did the couple nearly go to court over?
What was being conducted in his law offices near Cumberland Mall?
What had a Washington judge also granted?
What do Newt and Marianne Gingrich avoid?
Who was Randy Evans?
Who had Gingrich begun to snag speaking fees and corporate positions as?
What had the Gingriches not seen in person since June?
Who to return to the public eye in a political setting?
Who left the Gingriches alone?
What did the couple's lawyers take?
What does Chuck Clay's always?
What was pleased to hear Gingrich's divorce was over on a personal level?
What did the Gingriches spend much of in separate rooms at the Cobb County law offices of John Mayoue?
Whose attorney was John Mayoue?
Whose future earnings did divorce lawyers across the country speculate in?
Who boarded an elevator together for the trip 22 floors down to the parking lot?
Who is a scheduler and secretary for the House Agriculture Committee?
What did he say ?
What met face-to-face?
What did divorce lawyers across the country speculate that Gingrich's future earnings were in the discussions?
Mayoue answered the same question with raised eyebrows and an affirmative nod, although his words were more diplomatic what:'s fair to everybody?
What did a court-appointed mediator who spent 12 hours negotiating a settlement agreement between the Gingriches say the couple came to?
What was Clay pleased to hear Gingrich's divorce was over on?
What did Marianne Gingrich say?
What had the harsh attention to his private life begun to affect as one of the national Republican's primary ideologists and fund-raisers?
What did he decline to comment about?
Who was 56?
Where did the Gingriches and their attorneys board an elevator together for the trip 22 floors down?
Who did Clay say that the party will not shut out if he wants to lend his influence?
What did Clay say there are?
Whose standing had the harsh attention to his private life begun to affect as one of the national Republican's primary ideologists and fund-raisers?
Who did Gingrich shoo away?
Who filed her report Friday?
What culminates with Gingrich's admission last month?
What said there are no plans for Gingrich to get involved with the state GOP?
When does the settlement close that he's had a romantic relationship with a Washington congressional aide for six years?
Who did the couple's lawyers leave alone?
What's more a sense that this fight is being put to rest?
Who expect a judge to approve the couple's divorce within a month?
When does the settlement close five months of bitter legal wrangling in the case that he's had a romantic relationship with a Washington congressional aide?
Who had raised objections to Gingrich's attendance at ceremonies in Washington this fall marking the fifth anniversary of the Republican takeover of the U. S. House?
Who were his finances limited as?
Who had the Gingriches not seen each other in since June?
Mayoue answered the same question with raised eyebrows and an affirmative nod, although his words were more diplomatic what does: It's fair to?
Who went into Thursday's mediation?
What did the Gingriches and lawyers in the case's attorneys board an elevator together for 22 floors down to the parking lot?
Who is now a political commentator for Fox News?
Who was Gingrich's business attorney?
What Gingrich to return to?
Who spent much of the session in separate rooms at the Cobb County law offices of John Mayoue?
Who subsequently asked for a jury trial?
What had Gingrich begun to as a private citizen?
What would the lawyers not say?
What was Marianne Gingrich?
What was Newt Gingrich who filed for divorce July 29?
What does this way's that this fight is being put to rest?
What said?
Who resigned as speaker just over a year ago?
What was selected by the court?
What is 33-year-old Callista Bisek?
What closes five months of bitter legal wrangling in the case that he's had a romantic relationship with a Washington congressional aide for six years?
What did a settlement agreement between the Gingriches come during?
What did Chuck Clay say will likely make it easier for Gingrich to return to the public eye in a political setting?
What had several GOP members of Congress raised objections to Gingrich's attendance at marking the fifth anniversary of the Republican takeover of the U. S. House?
What did the Gingriches and lawyers in the case's attorneys board together for the trip 22 floors down to the parking lot?
What had begun to affect Gingrich's standing as one of the national Republican's primary ideologists and fund-raisers?
Who speculated that Gingrich's future earnings were probably a major issue in the discussions?
What does Chuck Clay's certainly the beginning of?
What have the couple agreed to keep confidential?
What did Chuck Clay say to?
When had the Gingriches not seen each other in person?
What does Friday's agreement lay out?
What does Chuck Clay's certainly?
What do Newt and Marianne Gingrich end?
When do ATLANTA _ Attorneys for former U. S. House Speaker Newt Gingrich and his soon-to-be ex-wife expect a judge to approve the couple's divorce?
Who was Chuck Clay?
What's certainly the beginning of a healing process?
Who was John Mayoue?
What were more diplomatic?
What was Clay pleased to hear on a personal level?
Who said the divorce settlement will likely make it easier for Gingrich to return to the public eye in a political setting?
What did the Gingriches and their attorneys board an elevator together for the trip 22 floors down to?
Who avoid a potentially embarrassing public divorce trial?
Whose business attorney was Randy Evans?
Who could be seen briefly mingling in the hall once or twice?
What does it's certainly the beginning of?
Who was her eyes bloodshot?
Who was Marianne Gingrich's attorney?
What did the Gingriches spend much of the session in separate rooms at?
What does he maintain that his affair with 33-year-old Callista Bisek was not?
Who had not seen each other in person since June?
Who said she was exhausted?
What came during a grueling court-ordered mediation session which began at 1:30 p. m. Thursday and ended exactly 12 hours later?
When does the case culminate with Gingrich's admission?
What have agreed to keep the terms of the agreement confidential?
What did Gingrich say?
What does it's always?
What did Marianne Gingrich subsequently ask for?
Who said he was willing to pay his wife alimony?
What did Gingrich go into?
What did Clay say?
What was the couple communicated through their $100-an-hour mediator selected by?
Where did the Gingriches and lawyers in the case's attorneys board an elevator together for the trip 22 floors down?
Who did Gingrich resign as just over a year ago?
What have the couple agreed to keep the terms of confidential?
Who shooed away several television cameramen that tried to get on with them?
What does it's that this fight is being put to rest?
What did the Gingriches spend in separate rooms at the Cobb County law offices of John Mayoue?
Whose attendance had several GOP members of Congress raised objections to at ceremonies in Washington this fall marking the fifth anniversary of the Republican takeover of the U. S. House?
Who had begun to snag speaking fees and corporate positions as a private citizen?
Who do ATLANTA _ Attorneys for former U. S. House Speaker Newt Gingrich and his soon-to-be ex-wife expect to approve the couple's divorce within a month?
Whose divorce was Clay pleased to hear on a personal level?
What does it's certainly?
What does it's more a sense?
What does he maintain?
Who said the couple came to a ``full settlement'' early that morning?
What did the Gingriches and their attorneys board an elevator together for 22 floors down to the parking lot?
Who 're pleased?
What do ATLANTA _ Attorneys for former U. S. House Speaker Newt Gingrich and his soon-to-be ex-wife expect a judge to approve within a month?
What's always both a relief?
What did the Gingriches spend much of the session in at the Cobb County law offices of John Mayoue?
What did a court-appointed mediator who spent 12 hours negotiating a settlement agreement between the Gingriches say came to a ``full settlement'' early that morning?
Who would not say so?
Who's always both a relief?
Who did Gingrich say was willing to pay his wife alimony?
What lays out how the Gingriches will split their property, money and other assets?
What did a court-appointed mediator who spent 12 hours negotiating a settlement agreement between the Gingriches say to?
Who end a tense legal standoff?
Who was chairman of the Georgia Republican Party?
What does this way's more a sense?
What did he say ``No,'s over''?
What said that the party will not shut him out if he wants to lend his influence?
What did Chuck Clay say the divorce settlement will likely make easier for Gingrich to return to the public eye in a political setting?
Who had also granted her the right to question Bisek under oath; that will not take place now?
Who declined to comment about the deal?
What does the case culminate with last month?
What did divorce lawyers across the country speculate in?
What were limited as a leader of Congress?
Who said ``No, it's over''?
What had the harsh attention to his private life begun to affect Gingrich's standing as?
Who would not say whether the couple met face-to-face?
What had several GOP members of Congress raised objections to at ceremonies in Washington this fall marking the fifth anniversary of the Republican takeover of the U. S. House?
When had several GOP members of Congress raised objections to Gingrich's attendance at ceremonies in Washington this fall marking?
What was Gingrich?
What was Chuck Clay chairman of?
What did the Gingriches and their attorneys board together for the trip 22 floors down to the parking lot?
Whose admission does the case culminate with last month?
What did the Gingriches and lawyers in the case's attorneys board an elevator together for the trip 22 floors down to?
What does the settlement close five months of that he's had a romantic relationship with a Washington congressional aide for six years?
Who maintains that his affair with 33-year-old Callista Bisek was not a factor in his resignation?
Who is Gingrich?
What did it come during?
When does the settlement close five months of bitter legal wrangling in the case?
Who's certainly the beginning of a healing process?
What had several GOP members of Congress raised objections to Gingrich's attendance at ceremonies in Washington this fall marking the fifth anniversary of?
How many months of bitter legal wrangling in the case does the settlement close that he's had a romantic relationship with a Washington congressional aide for six years?
Who took a walk?
Who did Marianne Gingrich say was exhausted?
What does the settlement close five months of bitter legal wrangling in the case that he's had for six years?
What did divorce lawyers across the country speculate that Gingrich's future earnings were probably a major issue in?
What would the agreement keep it out of?
What did the Gingriches agree to settle their divorce Dec. 16 during?
What does he also hold?
When does D. C. Gingrich make a living these days giving speeches Gingrich has spent?
What ended what had become a bitter divorce process for Gingrich and attorney Randy Evans's wife of 18 years?
What maintains a nonprofit committee devoted to his political ideals?
Who makes a living these days giving speeches Gingrich has spent most of his time in Washington?
Who was a 33-year-old scheduler for the U. S. House Agriculture Committee?
Who has remained in the couple's Marietta home during the divorce proceedings?
What did the specter of potentially embarrassing depositions in the case lead Gingrich to admit to with Callista Bisek?
What will the Gingriches ' divorce be?
Who did the specter of potentially embarrassing depositions in the case lead Gingrich to admit to a six-year affair with?
What is nearly certain?
Who does D. C. Gingrich make a living these days giving speeches has spent most of his time in Washington?
What are speeches sitting on?
What did Evans say both sides will ask the judge to sign?
Who said both sides will ask the judge to sign an order sealing the agreement?
Who was 56?
What have the Gingriches kept private?
What are sitting on corporate boards?
What does divorce maintain?
When did Gingrich file for divorce July 19?
Who also holds two fellowships?
What also holds two fellowships?
What has Marianne Gingrich remained in during the divorce proceedings?
What does divorce also hold?
How many fellowships does divorce also hold?
Who maintains a nonprofit committee devoted to his political ideals?
What does he maintain?
Who does ATLANTA _ A lawyer for Newt Gingrich say have signed a final divorce settlement and are ready to take the agreement to a Cobb County courtroom?
Who 'ves got this much stuff?
Even if Robinson accepts the settlement, what will likely remain a secret?
What has Marianne Gingrich remained in the couple's Marietta home during?
What does ATLANTA _ A lawyer for Newt Gingrich say to?
What would the agreement keep a final divorce settlement out of?
Who said, ``We 're all done except for the formality of going to the judge and getting it approved''?
Who says the former U. S. House speaker and his wife have signed a final divorce settlement and are ready to take the agreement to a Cobb County courtroom?
What could a lawyer for Marianne Gingrich not be reached for about the settlement?
Who 've got this much stuff?
What are consulting?
What would keep it out of the public court file?
What do ATLANTA _ A lawyer for Newt Gingrich 've got?
What could a lawyer for Marianne Gingrich not be reached for comment about?
What led Gingrich to admit to a six-year affair with Callista Bisek?
Who could not be reached for comment about the settlement?
What has set a hearing for Thursday morning?
Whose divorce will be Newt Gingrich's second, and Marianne Gingrich's first?
What did Evans say will ask the judge to sign an order sealing the agreement?
What would keep a final divorce settlement out of the public court file?
Who have the tentative agreement kept private?
What are appearing as a political analyst on Fox News?
How many fellowships does he also hold?
Who is 48?
Who did Evans say both sides will ask to sign an order sealing the agreement?
What did the tentative agreement end?
When did Gingrich file for divorce July 19 six months after resigning the 6th District seat he held in Congress for 20 years?
What would the agreement keep out of the public court file?
When is the settlement the product?
What was Gingrich?
Who agreed to settle their divorce Dec. 16 during a court-ordered mediation session that lasted 12 hours and ended well after midnight?
What ended what had become a bitter divorce process for Gingrich and his wife of 18 years?
What had no children together?
Who are speeches appearing as?
What is the settlement?
When does D. C. Gingrich make a living these days giving speeches Gingrich has spent most?
What do you 've got?
What does D. C. Gingrich make a living these days Gingrich has spent most of his time in Washington?
Who did the specter of potentially embarrassing depositions in the case lead to admit to a six-year affair with Callista Bisek?
What will be Newt Gingrich's second, and Marianne Gingrich's first?
Even if Robinson accepts the settlement, what will its terms likely remain?
Who predicted early on that Gingrich would settle the case, rather than allow his personal life to be examined in a public trial?
Who did the couple have together?
What is the product of more than three months of negotiations?
What did Evans say?
What was Callista Bisek?
What is Marianne Gingrich?
What is that information sealed away in?
Who is a 33-year-old scheduler for the House Agriculture Committee?
Who did attend the hearing?
What did Newt Gingrich win permission to depose Marianne Gingrich's sister and a friend in?
Who was Gingrich and his wife of 18 years?
Who has admitted to having a six-year affair with a House congressional aide?
What did the couple and their attorneys go to twice?
What did ATLANTA _ Newt Gingrich indicate Thursday?
Who was 48?
What is Callista Bisek?
Who said, ``Most people know me by that name''?
What did Marianne Gingrich tell the judge on Thursday?
What did Marianne Ginther Gingrich add that she will keep?
What is sealed away in the settlement?
What did Marianne Ginther Gingrich add?
What did Newt Gingrich file for July 29?
Who told the judge that the marriage was indeed ``irretrievably broken'' on Thursday?
Who offered no explanation for why?
What spent nearly the next five months arguing over depositions and money?
What was the friend?
Who was Marianne Gingrich?
Who was ordered to sit for a deposition with Marianne Gingrich's lawyers?
What did accusations of wrongdoing and the mining of dirt in the former U. S. House speaker's divorce case give way to on Thursday?
Who was 56?
When did she indicate that she is evaluating several business opportunities as well?
What went to court twice?
Who reached a tentative agreement on Dec. 16 during a court-ordered mediation that ended after 12 hours?
Who did Marianne Gingrich tell that the marriage was indeed ``irretrievably broken'' on Thursday?
What gave way to a secret settlement between Gingrich and his wife of 18 years on Thursday?
What did the sedate Marianne Gingrich attend?
What did Newt Gingrich win in Ohio?
When did the couple and ATLANTA _ Newt Gingrich's attorneys spend arguing over depositions and money?
What was Newt Gingrich not present at?
Whose last name did Marianne Ginther Gingrich add that she will keep?
What did the Gingriches reach on Dec. 16 during a court-ordered mediation that ended after 12 hours?
Who took another three months to work out the details?
When did the Gingriches reach a tentative agreement during a court-ordered mediation that ended after 12 hours?
What was Thursday's short and relatively quiet hearing in by both sides early on?
Who was an attorney for Newt Gingrich?
What was in stark contrast to the posturing by both sides early on?
What did she indicate Thursday that she is evaluating as well?
Who was his self-described closest adviser?
Who made the Gingriches ' divorce final?
What did Cobb County Judge Dorothy Robinson make?
Who filed for divorce July 29?
Who added that she will keep her ex-husband's last name?
Who won permission to depose Marianne Gingrich's sister and a friend in Ohio?
Who was Tom Browning?
Who denied the claim?
What was settled before that happened?
Whose last name did Marianne Ginther Gingrich add?
Who said, ``It's over''?
How many months did the couple's attorneys take to work out the details?
What did Newt Gingrich say was ``irretrievably broken'' in his July divorce petition?
What did Newt Gingrich try to transfer before filing for divorce?
What does Marianne Gingrich plan to continue?
When did the couple and their attorneys spend arguing over depositions and money?
Whose self-described closest adviser was Joe Gaylord?
What did Newt Gingrich say the marriage was ``irretrievably broken'' in?
When did Marianne Gingrich tell the judge that the marriage was indeed ``irretrievably broken''?
Who indicated Thursday that she is evaluating several business opportunities as well?
Whose divorce final did Cobb County Judge Dorothy Robinson make?
What did she indicate Thursday?
What earns?
What did Marianne Ginther Gingrich stand outside after the hearing?
Who won permission to depose members of her husband's political and business associates?
When did the couple's attorneys take to work out the details?
Who agreed to seal the agreement?
When did ATLANTA _ Newt Gingrich indicate that she is evaluating several business opportunities as well?
Who is a bachelor again?
What did Marianne Gingrich win?
Who has been making a living giving speeches?
Who said the marriage was ``irretrievably broken'' in his July divorce petition?
Who still will not say?
Who was Joe Gaylord?
What was Newt Gingrich?
What likely will never know?
Who is ATLANTA _ Newt Gingrich again?
Where did Newt Gingrich win permission to depose Marianne Gingrich's sister and a friend?
What occurred?
What did Marianne Gingrich offer?
What did the Gingriches reach a tentative agreement on Dec. 16 during?
What did Marianne Ginther Gingrich stand outside the courthouse after?
Who signed the agreement early this week?
When did Newt Gingrich file for divorce?
What was Thursday's short and relatively quiet hearing in stark contrast to the posturing by early on?
What did Newt Gingrich say in his July divorce petition?
Who would not elaborate?
Who was ATLANTA _ Newt Gingrich's self-described closest adviser?
What did Marianne Gingrich deny?
What was Marianne Ginther Gingrich?
Who plans to continue her work with the Red Cross and various charity groups?
What did the couple's attorneys take another three months to work out?
Who tried to transfer ``certain valuable assets'' before filing for divorce?
Who stood outside the courthouse after the hearing?
What did the couple and ATLANTA _ Newt Gingrich's attorneys go to twice?
Who was not present at Thursday's hearing?
Who spared themselves any embarrassment that could have come from trying their case in public?
What did Cobb County Judge Dorothy Robinson agree to seal?
What signed the agreement early this week?
What did ATLANTA _ Newt Gingrich indicate Thursday that she is evaluating as well?
Who was both?
