What did Dr. Masao Omata of the University of Tokyo note that one year of treatment is unlikely to have an effect on people's health in?
What is also known as lamivudine or Epivir?
What is interferon alpha?
What are infected with hepatitis B?
What found that after a year of treatment, signs of inflammatory injury fell significantly in just over half of those getting the medicine on dummy medication?
What are more than 300 million people infected with?
What did it find that after a year of treatment, signs of inflammatory injury fell significantly in just over half of those getting the medicine on?
What does Glaxo Wellcome make?
When did it find?
What is the drug also known as?
What was the medicine compared with?
What have not been compared head to head?
When did a study in Thursday's New England Journal of Medicine find?
What can interferon alpha cause?
What is one of several that block production of an essential viral protein known as reverse transcriptase?
What do both the AIDS virus and hepatitis B use?
What did Dr. Masao Omata of the University of Tokyo note in an editorial?
What can cause flu-like side effects?
What did the researchers say?
What is the drug?
What was financed by Glaxo Wellcome?
What was directed by Dr. Ching-Lung Lai of the University of Hong Kong?
What can cause cirrhosis and liver cancer?
What did the researchers say is easier to take and may work better?
Who makes the medicine?
What was compared with one-quarter of those?
Who was a study in Thursday's New England Journal of Medicine financed by?
Who said 3TC is easier to take and may work better?
Who are of Asian origin?
Who noted that one year of treatment is unlikely to have an effect on people's health in an editorial?
Who was it financed by?
What was conducted on 358 patients in China?
Who was the study conducted on?
What did Dr. Masao Omata of the University of Tokyo note that studies of longer use are needed in?
What are three-quarters of people with long-standing infections with the virus of?
Who was a study in Thursday's New England Journal of Medicine directed by?
What are three-quarters of them of?
What can the virus cause?
Who was it directed by?
How many medicines have not been compared head to head?
Who noted that studies of longer use are needed in an editorial?
What is the drug one of that block production of an essential viral protein known as reverse transcriptase?
How many people are infected with hepatitis B?
What is the the only approved treatment?
What use this enzyme?
When did it find that, signs of inflammatory injury fell significantly in just over half of those getting the medicine on dummy medication?
Who is a year being marketed as by Schering-Plough?
Who were randomly assigned to get either more interferon or the two-drug combination?
What was the second study?
What can the combination also produce?
Who are rid of all signs of the virus?
What has proved considerably more effective against chronic hepatitis C infections than the standard single medicine?
What has a combination of two virus-fighting drugs proved considerably more effective against than the standard single medicine?
When did treatment stop?
What was the new approach?
What compared the effects of the combination with interferon alone in the initial treatment of 912 patients?
What was still undetectable in half of the combination patients, compared with just 5 percent in the interferon group?
Who eventually relapse?
Who is it being marketed as by Schering-Plough?
What did Dr. T. Jake Liang of the National Institutes of Health say the results show that ``combination therapy represents an important advance'' in?
What did one of the studies compare with interferon alone in the initial treatment of 912 patients?
What were gone in 82 percent on combination therapy alone?
What approved a new approach?
Who said the results show that ``combination therapy represents an important advance'' in an accompanying editorial?
What did the U. S. Food and Drug Administration approve?
Who suffered from side effects?
What did one of the studies compare the effects of the combination with?
What did all signs of the virus disappear in?
What did more patients who received the new therapy suffer from?
How many months had gone by?
What was the virus still undetectable in half of the combination patients, compared with?
What are only 15 percent to 20 percent of patients who get interferon rid of?
What must all users take during and after treatment?
Who was California?
What did Liang caution?
Who is a year being marketed as Rebetron by?
What did one of the studies compare the effects of with interferon alone in the initial treatment of 912 patients?
Who did the second study look at?
What were all signs of the virus gone in alone?
What did Dr. T. Jake Liang of the National Institutes of Health say in an accompanying editorial?
What was compared with half on interferon?
What has a combination of two virus-fighting drugs proved considerably more effective against chronic hepatitis C infections than?
What was the only treatment?
What was interferon?
Who must take birth control during and after treatment?
What was the new approach a combination of?
Who was one led by?
What looked at 345 chronic hepatitis patients who had already relapsed after interferon treatment?
What was a combination of interferon and ribavirin?
What was the virus still undetectable in, compared with just 5 percent in the interferon group?
What are nearly 100 million people worldwide believed to be have hepatitis C. for?
What can also produce birth defects?
When is being marketed as Rebetron by Schering-Plough?
Who is it being marketed as Rebetron by?
What was led by Dr. John G. McHutchison of the Scripps Clinic and Research Foundation in La Jolla?
When had gone by?
What did Dr. T. Jake Liang of the National Institutes of Health say show that ``combination therapy represents an important advance'' in an accompanying editorial?
What was La Jolla?
What is being marketed as Rebetron by Schering-Plough?
What stopped after six months?
What were randomly assigned to get either more interferon or the two-drug combination?
What was combination therapy compared with?
What was lead by Dr. Gary L. Davis of the University of Florida College of Medicine?
What disappeared in 38 percent of patients who had been given both drugs for 11 months?
Who cautioned that questions remain about how long the benefits will last?
Who is available in the Philippines, Canada and the U. S.?
What did only 1. 8 percent of Zeffix-treated patients progress to?
What is a potentially fatal liver disease-- the ninth-most common killer worldwide?
Who did today release new data indicating its drug Zeffix may help prevent from developing cirrhosis?
Who were cirrhosis compared with?
What did Glaxo say the results showed?
What did Glaxo say?
What were limited to interferons?
What can lead to unpleasant side effects?
What have been made in Korea, Taiwan, Japan and Europe?
What did Glaxo say were presented at the annual meeting of the European Association for the Study of the Liver in Naples?
What did today release new data indicating its drug Zeffix may help prevent chronic hepatitis B sufferers from?
What are injected?
What were compared with 7. 1 percent placebo-treated patients and 9. 5 percent of those treated with interferon-alpha?
What showed a smaller proportion of chronic hepatitis B patients treated with Zeffix progressed to cirrhosis, or liver scarring, compared with those treated with placebo or interferon-alpha?
What are nearly one-third expected to develop progressive inflammation of?
What did today release new data indicating its drug from?
What were therapies for chronic hepatitis B limited to?
Where have Regulatory applications been made?
What did today release indicating its drug Zeffix may help prevent chronic hepatitis B sufferers from developing cirrhosis?
Who said the results were presented at the annual meeting of the European Association for the Study of the Liver in Naples?
What is China?
Who said the results showed a continued increase in the incidence of e-antigen seroconversion and a continued reduction in levels of viral replication?
What did Glaxo say the results supported by?
What is Zeffix available in?
How many people are long-term carriers of the hepatitis B virus?
What can interferons lead to?
What leads to cirrhosis and liver cancer?
What did Glaxo say the results were presented at?
What is Hepatitis B worldwide?
Where is Zeffix available?
What are expected to develop progressive inflammation of the liver?
What is Hong Kong, Thailand, Pakistan and New Zealand?
What did Glaxo say supported by other data showing additional Zeffix benefits?
What are nearly one-third expected to develop?
Who said the results supported by other data showing additional Zeffix benefits?
What are about 350 million people long-term carriers of?
Who progressed to cirrhosis?
Who did the data from three large clinical studies show a smaller proportion of?
What did today release new data indicating Zeffix may help prevent chronic hepatitis B sufferers from developing cirrhosis?
What are long-term carriers of the hepatitis B virus?
What does nearly one-third lead to?
Who did today release new data indicating its drug may help prevent chronic hepatitis B sufferers from developing cirrhosis?
Who are about 350 million people?
What did the data from three large clinical studies show?
What have Regulatory applications been made in?
When released new data indicating its drug Zeffix may help prevent chronic hepatitis B sufferers from developing cirrhosis?
What did Glaxo say showed a continued increase in the incidence of e-antigen seroconversion and a continued reduction in levels of viral replication?
What does the company say it is effective in?
What did the pharmacists say have received about 10 calls a day from potential patients since they started the sales July 9?
Who did Fisher's Specialized Pharmacy Services have to be purchased from?
What was a drug store in Pittsburgh?
What did Brian Klein say ?
Who did the pharmacists say have received about 10 calls a day from potential patients since they started the sales July 9?
Who was Richard Zahn?
What is interferon?
Who said Schering-Plough packages the drugs together just to make more money?
What had to be purchased from Madison?
How many estimated people does Hepatitis C affect in the United States?
What did he say ?
Who said ``Doctors and patients need to have the access and flexibility to make the choices they deem appropriate the drug company''?
Who said the pharmacy is meeting federal regulations and selling safe drugs?
What did Fisher's Specialized Pharmacy Services begin selling this month?
What did Fisher's Specialized Pharmacy Services begin selling its version of this month?
What began selling its version of the drugs this month?
Who was an activist with the Hepatitis C Action and Advocacy Council?
Who did Brian Klein say ``need to have the access and flexibility to make the choices they deem appropriate the drug company''?
Whose treatment consists of Ribavirin?
Who denied the accusation: ``I think we 're a company that cares about patients?''
What says it is effective in only about 40 percent of the people who take it?
Who was Brian Klein?
What can lead to chronic liver problems?
What is the drug?
What does Schering-Plough's treatment consist of?
What can Hepatitis C lead to?
Whose treatment is known as Rebetron?
What does Ribavirin help fight the virus?
What is letting both sell their drugs?
Who says its treatment is the only one proven to work?
What did Brian Klein say ``Doctors and patients need to have the access and flexibility to make''?
What does Ribavirin help another drug fight?
What does Schering-Plough claim by promoting the drugs, is moving toward manufacturing?
How many calls a day did the pharmacists say have received about 10 calls a day from potential patients since they started the sales July 9?
What did Schering-Plough's president of U. S. marketing deny?''
What is known as Rebetron?
What claims by promoting the drugs, the pharmacy is moving toward manufacturing?
What can it lead to?
What did Brian Klein say?
What has asked the FDA to look into whether Fisher's is violating federal guidelines?
Who did Brian Klein say packages the drugs together just to make more money?
Who did he say ``need to have the access and flexibility to make the choices they deem appropriate the drug company''?
Who was one of the three druggists who own the pharmacy?
What did the pharmacists say they have received from potential patients since they started the sales July 9?
What did he say ``Doctors and patients need to have the access and flexibility to make''?
What does Schering-Plough say?
Whose president of U. S. marketing denied the accusation: ``I think we 're a company that cares about patients?''
Whose Specialized Pharmacy Services had to be purchased from Madison?
Who is Schering-Plough's treatment known as?
Who was N. J. -based Schering-Plough Corp.?
What does the company say is effective in only about 40 percent of the people who take it?
Who did the pharmacists say about 10 calls a day have received about 10 calls a day from since they started the sales July 9?
What started the sales July 9?
What did Schering-Plough's president of U. S. marketing deny the accusation: ``I think?''
What did he say ``Doctors and patients need to have to make the choices they deem appropriate the drug company''?
Whose president of U. S. marketing denied the accusation: ``Brian Klein think the pharmacists 're a company that cares about patients?''
Who was Madison?
What does Hepatitis C affect an estimated 3. 9 million people in?
How many calls a day did the pharmacists say about 10 calls a day have received from potential patients since they started the sales July 9?
What consists of Ribavirin?
What does Schering-Plough say is the only one proven to work?
Whose president of U. S. marketing was Richard Zahn?
Who was Schering-Plough's president of U. S. marketing?
What affects an estimated 3. 9 million people in the United States?
What did the pharmacists say about 10 calls a day have received from potential patients since they started the sales July 9?
Where does Hepatitis C affect an estimated 3. 9 million people?
Who is not allowed?
What does Hepatitis C affect in the United States?
Who said about 10 calls a day have received about 10 calls a day from potential patients since they started the sales July 9?
Who had to be purchased from Madison?
What is Hepatitis C spread by?
What did Brian Klein say Schering-Plough packages the drugs together just to make?
Who was Don Kerrish one of?
What has started selling the drugs itself at half the price?
What did Schering-Plough's president of U. S. marketing deny the accusation: ``Brian Klein think?''
Who said they have received about 10 calls a day from potential patients since they started the sales July 9?
What did Kerrish say?
Who did they have to be purchased from?
When did Fisher's Specialized Pharmacy Services begin selling its version of the drugs?
Whose Specialized Pharmacy Services was a drug store in Pittsburgh?
Whose Specialized Pharmacy Services began selling its version of the drugs this month?
What helps another drug fight the virus?
What does Schering-Plough claim by promoting the drugs, the pharmacy is moving toward?
Who started the sales July 9?
How many calls a day did the pharmacists say they have received from potential patients since they started the sales July 9?
What is spread by blood?
Who did the pharmacists say from?
What has Schering-Plough asked to look into whether Fisher's is violating federal guidelines?
What did Brian Klein say ``Doctors and patients need to have to make the choices they deem appropriate the drug company''?
What was Fisher's Specialized Pharmacy Services?
What did Brian Klein say Schering-Plough packages together just to make more money?
What does the company say in?
Who did the pharmacists say they have received about 10 calls a day from since they started the sales July 9?
What did Kerrish say is meeting federal regulations and selling safe drugs?
Who was Don Kerrish?
What does Schering-Plough say its treatment is?
Who denied the accusation: ``Brian Klein think the pharmacists 're a company that cares about patients?''
What did Margolis say for reasons that are not entirely clear, an estimated 1. 2 million other people who were once infected no longer have any signs of?
What do 2. 7 million Americans carry?
Who said for reasons that are not entirely clear, an estimated 1. 2 million other people who were once infected no longer have any signs of the virus?
Who carry the hepatitis C virus?
Where can the infection lead to cirrhosis and liver cancer and results in about 1,000 liver transplants annually?
What can drugs make disappear in some patients?
Who make it the most common blood-borne infection in the United States?
What also are at risk?
What represents the first look at the prevalence of hepatitis C in the United States?
What does not include the homeless and the prison population?
What does the study from the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention in Atlanta represent the first look at the prevalence of hepatitis C in?
What are people who had blood transfusions before mid-1992 also at?
Who discovered the virus in 1989?
Who make the hepatitis C virus the most common blood-borne infection in the United States?
Where does the study from the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention in Atlanta represent the first look at the prevalence of hepatitis C?
What can the infection lead to cirrhosis and liver cancer and results in about 1,000 liver transplants annually in?
Who can drugs make all signs of the virus disappear in?
What's unclear how long the effect lasts?
What did Margolis say for reasons that are not entirely clear, an estimated 1. 2 million other people who were once infected no longer have?
What did Dr. Harold Margolis of the CDC say, ``This is''?
What did Margolis say for, an estimated 1. 2 million other people who were once infected no longer have any signs of the virus?
What rank as the leading causes of liver disease?
What can lead to cirrhosis and liver cancer and results in about 1,000 liver transplants annually in the United States?
What is everyday Mr. and Mrs. American who live in a household?
Who is this who live in a household?
What did scientists discover in 1989?
What did Margolis say for reasons that are not entirely clear, have any signs of the virus?
What do the disease and alcohol abuse rank as?
Who said, ``This is what we consider a conservative estimate''?
When did scientists discover the virus?
What does it's unclear?
What does the study from the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention in Atlanta represent in the United States?
What can the infection lead to cirrhosis annually in the United States?
Who does this not include?
What do people who inject illegal drugs or engage in unprotected sex account for?
What is the drug interferon or a combination of interferon and ribavirin?
What can make all signs of the virus disappear in some patients?
What account for most people who carry hepatitis C?
What is the standard treatment?
What is this everyday Mr. and Mrs. American in?
What does the standard treatment's unclear?
What could be higher?
What works by quieting down the overactive immune system?
What was something else as?
What did Jacobs say also cut the total volume of such lesions in the nervous system by 91 percent over the comparison patients?
Who did only one-third of patients who gave themselves weekly thigh injections of the drug develop MS within three years, compared with?
What did Jacobs say the number of new or actively inflamed lesions detected by MRIs also cut by 91 percent over the comparison patients?
What does the diagnosis only follow?
What does the body's immune system attack?
Who also said that other MS drugs should be studied to determine if there are similar benefits when given earlier?
What goes awry?
What do one of the drugs used to control multiple sclerosis also sharply have?
What recently enabled doctors to see inside live brains?
What did Leist say?
What did MRIs recently enable doctors to see inside?
What did Leist say could limit use?
What have not been diagnosed with the autoimmune disorder?
Who said it also cut the total volume of such lesions in the nervous system by 91 percent over the comparison patients?
What did Jacobs say in, half of doctors have lesions in the brain that are smoldering and doing further damage?
Who did only one-third of patients who gave people weekly thigh injections of the drug develop MS within three years, compared with?
What did Jacobs say the number of new or actively inflamed lesions detected by MRIs also cut the total volume of such lesions in the nervous system by?
Who was professor of neurology at SUNY-Buffalo and head of neurology at Buffalo General Hospital?
What slows the rate at which people develop the crippling nerve disease?
Who did MRIs recently enable to see inside live brains?
What could help thousands of patients who currently do not get treatment until they have substantial brain or nerve damage?
What did Jacobs say the 383 people in the latest study had?
What could the finding help?
Where will the study be published?
What did Jacobs say had suffered an initial nerve flare-up?
When did only one-third of patients who gave people weekly thigh injections of the drug develop MS, compared with half the patients who injected a harmless substance?
What did Jacobs say in, half of them have lesions in the brain that are smoldering and doing further damage?
What did Leist say opens up a new perspective about treatment of multiple sclerosis?
What did Jacobs say in the meantime, half of doctors have?
What did he also say?
What do some people merely suffer?
Who did Avonex cut the number of new or actively inflamed lesions detected by MRIs by more than half, compared with?
What do they have?
What works by reducing inflammation?
What did Jacobs say the 383 people in the latest study had suffered?
When did only one-third of patients who gave themselves weekly thigh injections of the drug develop MS, compared with half the patients who injected a harmless substance?
What was one of them?
What did european researchers recently come up with when it is used early?
Who was the lead researcher?
What was one of doctors?
Who said one of doctors is a genetically engineered replica of a naturally occurring human protein?
How many drugs that reduce the frequency and severity of attacks and slow the progression of the disease have doctors offered?
What did the lead researcher say one of them is a genetically engineered replica of?
Who steadily worsen from repeated attacks?
When did he also say that patients need to be followed to determine how long they need the interferon treatment?
What did the second nerve flare-up confirm?
What did he also say that patients need to be followed for longer than three years to determine?
What confirmed the diagnosis; in about half the patients?
What was such as infection?
Who have multiple sclerosis?
What have doctors offered?
Who cut the number of new or actively inflamed lesions detected by MRIs by more than half, compared with patients in the comparison group?
What did Jacobs say it also cut by 91 percent over the comparison patients?
What did Dr. Stephen Reingold say?
What builds up over years to cause muscle weakness or paralysis dim or blurred vision, memory loss and other problems with thinking?
What did the lead researcher say one of doctors is a genetically engineered replica of?
What did Leist also say?
Who said the finding opens up a new perspective about treatment of multiple sclerosis?
What did Avonex cut the number of new or actively inflamed lesions detected by MRIs by, compared with patients in the comparison group?
What did Jacobs say it also cut the total volume of by 91 percent over the comparison patients?
What only follows a second flare-up elsewhere in the central nervous system?
What did Jacobs say the number of new or actively inflamed lesions detected by MRIs also cut the total volume of by 91 percent over the comparison patients?
Who said it opens up a new perspective about treatment of multiple sclerosis?
What was interferon beta-1a Avonex?
What do about 350,000 Americans have?
Who did Jacobs say in the meantime, have lesions in the brain that are smoldering and doing further damage?
Who said in the meantime, half of them have lesions in the brain that are smoldering and doing further damage?
What are in this group with silent brain damage who could be helped by aggressive treatment?
What caused the initial inflammation?
What will be published in Thursday's New England Journal of Medicine?
What merely suffer mild weakness for decades?
What did Dr. Stephen Reingold say will push doctors to promptly order magnetic resonance imaging in patients with an initial nerve flare-up?
What did Jacobs say had at least two brain lesions detected by an MRI?
What will the study be published in?
How many people in the latest study did Jacobs say had suffered an initial nerve flare-up?
What did Leist say it opens up about treatment of multiple sclerosis?
What did the lead researcher say one of them is?
Who was Dr. Lawrence Jacobs?
Who was interferon beta-1a Avonex?
What was Dr. Lawrence Jacobs professor of at SUNY-Buffalo and head of neurology at Buffalo General Hospital?
Who said one of them is a genetically engineered replica of a naturally occurring human protein?
What did the lead researcher say one of doctors is?
What did Jacobs say it also cut the total volume of such lesions in the nervous system by?
What are one-fifth of them in this group with?
What did Leist say the finding opens up a new perspective about?
What attacks the nerves and brain, slowly stripping away the protective insulation coating nerve fibers?
Who said in the meantime, half of doctors have lesions in the brain that are smoldering and doing further damage?
When does one of the drugs used to control multiple sclerosis also sharply slow at which people develop the crippling nerve disease?
When did he also say?
What did Leist say it opens up a new perspective about?
Who was vice president for research programs at the National Multiple Sclerosis Society?
Who was Dr. Stephen Reingold?
What did Jacobs say in the meantime, half of them have?
What did the lead researcher say is a genetically engineered replica of a naturally occurring human protein?
What did Avonex cut by more than half, compared with patients in the comparison group?
How many people in the latest study did Jacobs say had at least two brain lesions detected by an MRI?
If brain lesions are spotted during the MRI, who said?
Who recently came up with a similar finding on Avonex's effects when it is used early?
What were so strong?
What are one-fifth of about 350,000 Americans in with silent brain damage who could be helped by aggressive treatment?
Who also said that patients need to be followed for longer than three years to determine how long they need the interferon treatment?
Who did the lead researcher say is a genetically engineered replica of a naturally occurring human protein?
What have people who suffer inflammation of nerves in the eye, spinal cord or lower brain not been diagnosed with?
What do others steadily worsen from?
What developed MS within three years, compared with half the patients who injected a harmless substance?
Who have offered three drugs that reduce the frequency and severity of attacks and slow the progression of the disease?
What are one-fifth of them in with silent brain damage who could be helped by aggressive treatment?
Who have substantial brain or nerve damage?
What have substantial brain or nerve damage?
Who said the findings will push doctors to promptly order magnetic resonance imaging in patients with an initial nerve flare-up?
What was Leist not involved in?
What are one-fifth of about 350,000 Americans in this group with?
How many brain lesions detected by an MRI did Jacobs say the 383 people in the latest study had?
What did Leist say the finding opens up about treatment of multiple sclerosis?
What did Jacobs say in the meantime, have lesions in the brain that are smoldering and doing further damage?
What did something else cause?
Who could the finding help thousands of?
Who did Dr. Stephen Reingold say the findings will push to promptly order magnetic resonance imaging in patients with an initial nerve flare-up?
What did Leist say its price tag of about $10,000 annually could limit?
Who said the 383 people in the latest study had suffered an initial nerve flare-up?
Who said its price tag of about $10,000 annually could limit use?
Who said the 383 people in the latest study had at least two brain lesions detected by an MRI?
Who was not involved in the study?
What was a liver?
What do 10,000 die from?
Who is made by Schering-Plough Corp. of Madison?
Who did Seeff and Dr. Jay Hoofnagle say expected that many doctors would prescribe it for all hepatitis C patients?
Who has Rebetron been approved only for?
What are four million Americans estimated to have?
What has Rebetron been approved for use only in?
What seems reasonable to go straight to the combination given the poor response rate with interferon alone?
When will the proof come from now?
Who go further out?
Who said that can touch off a heart attack or stroke?
Who did Seeff and Dr. Jay Hoofnagle say they expected for?
Who must avoid pregnancy while they take it and for six months after?
What did Hoofnagle say that can touch off?
What do about half not respond to interferon at?
Who is Rebetron made by?
Who reduced the virus to undetectable levels in 45 percent after treatment ended?
What must women avoid while they take ribavirin and for six months after?
What do doctors see?
What approved a powerful combination of two antiviral drugs to treat chronic hepatitis C infection that can lead to cirrhosis?
What were liver cancer and liver failure?
Who is N. J.?
What is known as Rebetron?
What ended?
What's mild?
Who take it?
What do some people not want to be treated at?
What die from the Food and Drug Administration on Wednesday each year?
What do doctors say that not everyone with hepatitis C needs?
What is the interferon component of the treatment impossible to predict just?
What will cost $6,400 to $8,600?
Who was director of the division of digestive diseases and nutrition at the national institute?
Who need a much longer time to follow all these people?
What was the combination given for one year to?
What does the treatment consist of?
Who was tested in such a group?
How many years will the proof come from now?
What can it not be called?
What was Rebetron tested in?
What is Hepatitis C?
What said?
What are the patients for whom Rebetron has been approved?
What do they see?
What causes flulike symptoms in addition?
What is expensive?
Who take ribavirin?
What do doctors say?
What do women have?
Who have a little bit better therapy?
What can it eradicate?
What do we have?
What were cirrhosis?
Who is the newly approved treatment known as?
What must women avoid while they take it and for six months after?
What do medical authorities now recommend on tests of liver enzymes?
What die from it each year?
When did Hoofnagle say data had been presented at medical meetings showing?
What has Rebetron been approved for only in people who relapse after the standard treatment for hepatitis C?
What can it also cause?
What take it?
What does that therapy eliminate to 20 percent of patients?
Who are those?
What is the leading reason for liver transplantation?
What have also been reported?
What cannot be called a cure?
What do the remaining 30 percent to 40 percent respond to?
Who can be monitored?
What can ribavirin also cause?
What is Hepatitis C a course of?
What did Hoofnagle say?
What did Rebetron reduce to undetectable levels in 45 percent after treatment ended?
What did Seeff and Dr. Jay Hoofnagle say expected that many doctors would prescribe it for all hepatitis C patients?
What was Kidney Diseases not involved in?
What did the Food and Drug Administration on Wednesday approve a powerful combination of two antiviral drugs to treat?
What did the Food and Drug Administration on Wednesday approve to treat chronic hepatitis C infection that can lead to cirrhosis?
What eliminates the disease in only 10 percent to 20 percent of patients?
What respond to interferon and then relapse?
Who did Seeff and Dr. Jay Hoofnagle say for?
Who are estimated to have chronic hepatitis C?
Who was Dr. Jay Hoofnagle?
What did Seeff and Dr. Jay Hoofnagle say they expected that many doctors would prescribe for all hepatitis C patients?
When was the combination given to people who had never been treated before?
What is impossible to predict just which ones will become severely ill?
Who can be treated later if the disease seems to be progressing?
What do not want to be treated at all?
What was given for one year to people who had never been treated before?
What see fit?
What do about half not respond to at all?
What does the interferon component of the treatment cause in addition?
What does the proof seem reasonable to go straight to the combination?
What is a course of interferon injections?
What will the full course of therapy cost $6,400 to?
What can have serious side effects?
Who see fit?
What works far better than sole standard treatment?
What does it seem reasonable to go straight to the combination?
What did Rebetron reduce the virus to after treatment ended?
What said those results meant there was a good chance that the effects would last?
What can eradicate signs of infection?
What do they take?
What does the interferon component of the treatment cause flulike symptoms in?
What can also cause birth defects?
Who has been approved for use only in people who relapse after the standard treatment for hepatitis C?
Who will be free to prescribe the proof as they see fit?
What was an effect that persisted when the patients were tested again six months?
What do women take?
What now recommend treatment only for patients who have detectable viral levels and abnormal results on tests of liver enzymes?
Who said they expected that many doctors would prescribe it for all hepatitis C patients?
Who said?
What will come 20 years from now?
What consists of a six-month course of interferon injections and ribavirin capsules?
What do not respond to interferon at all?
Who did only 5 percent have undetectable levels in?
What do we go out?
What is Madison?
Who has been approved only for patients who have relapsed after trying interferon?
Who say that not everyone with hepatitis C needs it?
Who did Seeff and Dr. Jay Hoofnagle say they expected that many doctors would prescribe it for?
When do we need?
What did only 5 percent have in patients given interferon alone?
What had undetectable levels in patients given interferon alone?
What did Hoofnagle say data had been presented at?
What did Hoofnagle say at?
What was hepatitis C?
What will the full course of therapy cost to $8,600?
What does the newly approved treatment work far better than?
What can the drugs have?
What was Dr. Jay Hoofnagle director of at the national institute?
Who said, ``But I 'm not sure we will not find people with recurring disease as we go further out''?
What can it eradicate signs of?
What do medical authorities now recommend treatment only for patients who have detectable viral levels and abnormal results on?
What is interferon alone associated with?
Who will be free to prescribe it as they see fit?
What is the disease?
What was 45 percent?
What is it impossible to predict just?
What alone is associated with flulike side effects?
What was a senior scientist for hepatitis C research at the National Institute of Diabetes and Digestive and Kidney Diseases?
What does that therapy eliminate the disease in only 10 percent to?
What did the Food and Drug Administration on Wednesday approve a powerful combination of to treat chronic hepatitis C infection that can lead to cirrhosis?
Who was not involved in the study?
Who must avoid pregnancy while they take ribavirin and for six months after?
What did the U. S. Food and Drug Administration approve use of in June?
What do doctors say Satcher's office has urged to recommend pre-1992 blood recipients be tested for hepatitis C. Identifying?
What are proving to be sound methods of treatment for diseases such as hepatitis C and AIDS?
Who must health-care workers who suffer accidental needle sticks be on?
What must be informed on how to manage their disease?
What could have spread the virus at World War II?
What does Dr. Michael Altman say Altman is optimistic about It's a rapidly evolving therapeutic arena?
Who should drink no alcohol?
Who is the Phoenix gastroenterologist?
What does Dr. Michael Altman say he can offer?
What sponsors monthly support groups for patients?
Who does Dr. Michael Altman say refuse medication?
Who do doctors say Satcher's office has urged organizations such as the American Red Cross, hospitals and blood banks to recommend be tested for hepatitis C. Identifying?
What is Dr. Michael Altman president of?
What are three-fourths of all victims of hepatitis C unaware they carry?
Who says Altman is optimistic about the treatment of hepatitis C. It's a rapidly evolving therapeutic arena?
What foolhardy people still pierce, inject with unsterile needles?
What does the drug of choice's the best?
What can no machine perform the functions of?
Who is a Phoenix gastroenterologist?
What foolhardy people still pierce, inject themselves with?
What was ribavirin?
Who is Dr. David Satcher?
What has enjoyed much more media and medical attention?
Who say Satcher's office has urged organizations such as the American Red Cross, hospitals and blood banks to recommend they be tested for hepatitis C. Identifying?
What is Mayo conducting on hundreds of hepatitis C patients?
What should maintain good nutrition?
What allows it to quietly harbor disease for many years without signaling its deterioration?
How many times a week is Interferon delivered as self-administered injections for 12 to 18 months?
What does he say he can offer?
What are called cocktails?
What hosts seminars for patients and primary care physicians?
What are patients who received blood transfusions before 1992?
What does Dr. Michael Altman say?
What does the liver's large capacity allow the liver to without signaling its deterioration?
What is ``how do we go about educating people without alarming or frightening them?''
What is committed to informing the public about liver diseases?
What does Hepatitis C reach?
Who says, ``We 've been trying to raise public awareness of hepatitis C''?
What is confusion?
Who will die while waiting?
When could these people begin to feel the effects of the insidious illness?
What are Young people who reveled in the hedonism of the 1960s and '70s discovering?
What was the drug?
Who says Education is the key to managing hepatitis C now?
What was not developed until 1989?
What will identify hepatitis C. Early detection is crucial?
What show no signs of infection?
What does Dr. Michael Altman say Altman is optimistic about the treatment of hepatitis C.?
What is Interferon delivered as self-administered injections for 12 to 18 months?
What means the virus cannot be detected?
What- Is the Age of Aquarius is coming back to haunt its flower children?
What is the drug of choice?
What can put partners in danger?
Who develop cirrhosis?
What does the C strain inhibit?
What do health-care advocates insist?
What can be assisted by dialysis?
What reaches its end stage?
Who participates in research studies?
Who have questioned the cost-effectiveness of alerting people to a disease that can be treated in less than half of all cases?
What are three-fourths of all victims of hepatitis C unaware?
What 're all frustrated by having a 20 percent cure rate?
What did the U. S. Food and Drug Administration approve in June?
What does Dr. Michael Altman say Altman is optimistic about the treatment of hepatitis C.'s a rapidly evolving therapeutic arena?
What are declining?
What is conducting several research protocols on hundreds of hepatitis C patients?
What does the liver's large capacity allow to quietly harbor disease for many years without signaling its deterioration?
What experience serious physical and emotional side effects?
Who are dismayed by such inequities?
What still pierce, tattoo?
What do doctors say Satcher's office has urged to recommend they be contacting that population will be a daunting but worthwhile task?
Who do I tell to call me every six months?
When was First not identified First called non-A, non-B hepatitis because its specific virus could not be differentiated from other strains?
What did estimates put the number of infected Americans at?
What do doctors say has urged organizations such as the American Red Cross, hospitals and blood banks to recommend pre-1992 blood recipients be tested for hepatitis C. Identifying?
What do doctors say has urged organizations such as the American Red Cross, hospitals and blood banks to recommend they be tested for hepatitis C. Identifying?
What is Mayo conducting several research protocols on?
What produces remission or suppression of the virus in about 20 percent of cases?
Who says, ``That is preposterous''?
What may have its origins in World War II?
What is interferon?
What does that mean appear normal?
What finally is broken?
Who insist that withholding information is disgraceful?
What does it become?
What should they drink?
What will a specific blood test identify C. Early detection is crucial?
What may anybody's guess have?
What is abdomen increased risk of?
What are Young people who reveled in the hedonism of the 1960s and '70s discovering that the legacy of those years is now reaching epidemic proportions?
What do doctors hesitate to call treatments for ``cures'' _ scattered bits of virus may remain?
Who hesitate to call treatments for hepatitis C ``cures'' _ scattered bits of virus may remain?
What are such combinations of drugs proving to be sound methods of?
What are rising, expecting to triple in the next 10 years?
Who does it's?
What allows the liver to quietly harbor disease for many years without signaling its deterioration?
Who does he say can offer patients hope?
What do doctors hesitate to call for hepatitis C ``cures'' _ scattered bits of virus may remain?
What do doctors say Satcher's office has urged to recommend they be tested for hepatitis C. Identifying?
Who is Douglas?
Who says only about 5 percent of patients refuse medication?
What conducts programs in schools that alert children to the dangers of drug and alcohol abuse?
What do doctors say has urged organizations such as the American Red Cross, hospitals and blood banks to notify pre-1992 blood recipients?
What does Dr. Michael Altman concede?
Who does Dr. Michael Altman say can offer patients hope?
What are three-fourths of all victims of hepatitis C unaware carry the disease?
What does offer some hope?
What must be informed on how to avoid transmitting it?
What put the number of infected Americans at 4 million?
What have critics questioned?
What will a specific blood test identify hepatitis is crucial?
What does Douglas say is the key to managing hepatitis C now?
Who is president of the Arizona chapter of the American Liver Foundation?
Who insist patients have a right to know their health status?
Who says, ``three-fourths of all victims of hepatitis C 've been trying to raise public awareness of hepatitis C''?
What do they develop?
What was not identified until 1975 First called non-A, non-B hepatitis because its specific virus could not be differentiated from other strains?
What does Dr. Michael Altman say Altman is optimistic about the treatment of hepatitis C. It's?
What are discovering that the legacy of those years is a devastating and sometimes fatal disease now reaching epidemic proportions?
When UNDATED- Is is coming back to haunt its flower children?
What does he say Altman is optimistic about the treatment of hepatitis C.?
Who is Dr. Michael Altman?
What does the C strain become chronic in 85 percent of cases unlike?
What's the best three-fourths of all victims of hepatitis C 've got right now?
What is increased risk of bleeding?
How many transplants are performed each year?
What is it the leading cause of?
Who does the Arizona chapter of the Liver Foundation sponsor monthly support groups for?
What do many show?
Who tolerate the drug well?
Who says, ``That's significant''?
What's the best we 've got right now?
What should drink no alcohol?
What does he say only about 5 percent of patients refuse?
What is intestinal bleeding?
What are on the waiting list?
What are 10,000 names on?
What picks up elevated liver enzymes?
What does Dr. Michael Altman say only about 5 percent of patients refuse?
What do doctors say Satcher's office has urged organizations such as the American Red Cross, hospitals and blood banks to recommend be tested for hepatitis C. Identifying?
What does the C strain become chronic in unlike hepatitis A and hepatitis B?
Who tells my patients to call me every six months?
When does the risk of contracting hepatitis C continue?
What can unsafe promiscuous sex put partners in?
What could begin to feel the effects of the insidious illness in the future?
What does that mean cannot be detected?
What is delivered as self-administered injections three times a week for 12 to 18 months?
What does the Arizona chapter of the Liver Foundation conduct?
How many names are on the waiting list?
What should be scrupulous about protecting others from infection?
What's patients who received blood transfusions before 1992?
Who is gastroenterologist and chair of the department of medicine at Good Samaritan Regional Medical Center?
What still pierce, inject themselves with unsterile needles?
What does the foundation lobbies Congress for funding and work with?
What is the leading cause of cirrhosis?
When did the U. S. Food and Drug Administration approve use of another drug?
What should they maintain?
Who did estimates put at 4 million?
What may go undetected?
What must be informed on how to avoid transmitting the legacy of those years?
What do health-care advocates insist patients have?
What does Douglas predict to?
Who says, ``three-fourths of all victims of hepatitis C's goal is to catch hepatitis C early''?
Who tell my patients to call me every six months?
Who is the U. S. surgeon general?
What could these people begin to feel in the future?
What becomes the leading reason for liver transplants?
Whose office do doctors say has urged organizations such as the American Red Cross, hospitals and blood banks to recommend they be tested for hepatitis C. Identifying?
What does it inhibit?
Whose office do doctors say has urged organizations such as the American Red Cross, hospitals and blood banks to notify pre-1992 blood recipients?
What ranges from people in their 20s to those in their 80s and 90s?
Who is a liver specialist at Mayo Clinic Scottsdale?
What does _ medication offer?
What could unsterile battlefield blood transfusions have spread the virus at?
Who say Satcher's office has urged organizations such as the American Red Cross, hospitals and blood banks to notify pre-1992 blood recipients?
What do some experience?
What UNDATED- Is?
What do doctors hesitate to call treatments for hepatitis C?
What does he say Altman is optimistic about the treatment of hepatitis C. It's?
What does it's we 've got right now?
Who does it's the best 've got right now?
What does Douglas say Education is?
What could its specific virus not be differentiated from?
What can perform the functions of the liver?
What continues today?
What means liver enzymes appear normal?
When was a blood test not developed?
What is just getting under way?
What does that mean?
What boosts recovery rates to 40 percent in combination with interferon?
What is Dr. David Leibowitz gastroenterologist and chair of?
Who says, ``Our goal is to catch hepatitis C early''?
What do doctors say Satcher's office has urged to recommend pre-1992 blood recipients be contacting that population will be a daunting but worthwhile task?
Who must be on guard?
What does he concede?
Who does he say is optimistic about the treatment of hepatitis C. It's a rapidly evolving therapeutic arena?
What is the C strain?
Who is Altman?
What can no machine perform?
What may the patient experience?
What has been around?
Who do health-care advocates insist have a right to know their health status?
What is abdomen?
Who is Dr. David Leibowitz?
Who should be scrupulous about protecting others from infection?
What are drugs?
What does Altman participate in?
What do many show no signs of?
Who did estimates put the number of at 4 million?
What could non-A, non-B hepatitis's specific virus not be differentiated from?
What becomes chronic in 85 percent of cases unlike hepatitis A and hepatitis B?
Who are three-fourths of all victims of hepatitis C unaware carry the disease?
What do doctors say Satcher's office has urged to notify pre-1992 blood recipients?
Who should maintain good nutrition?
What should even those who cannot be cured maintain?
Who says, ``You see the furor raised over HIV''?
What are unaware they carry the disease?
What is the liver transplant program just getting under?
What could unsterile battlefield blood transfusions have spread at World War II?
Who concedes that better treatments are needed?
Who is Dr. David Douglas?
Who do doctors say Satcher's office has urged organizations such as the American Red Cross, hospitals and blood banks to notify?
What does the drug boost recovery rates to in combination with interferon?
Who predicts that more drugs will be developed and used to battle hepatitis C in the next three to five years?
What does interferon produce remission or suppression of?
When does the drug boost to 40 percent in combination with interferon?
What does the Arizona chapter of the Liver Foundation sponsor for patients?
What does the Arizona chapter of the Liver Foundation host?
What do doctors hesitate to call treatments for hepatitis C ``cures'' _?
Who does the future's?
What is committed to supporting research?
Who do Dr. Michael Altman tell to call me every six months?
What does the drug boost recovery rates to 40 percent in?
Who 're all frustrated by having a 20 percent cure rate?
What develop cirrhosis?
What will a specific blood test identify hepatitis?
What inhibits its function?
What does a routine blood test pick up?
What can diseased kidneys be assisted by?
What are such combinations of drugs proving to be?
Who may experience fatigue?
What should even those who cannot be cured drink?
What is it?
When's patients who received blood transfusions before 1992?
What does contracting hepatitis C become?
What does it's the best?
What remained unreliable until 1992?
What do Young people who reveled in the hedonism of the 1960s and '70s develop?
Who can unsafe promiscuous sex put in danger?
What are performed each year?
What do some patients tolerate well?
What does interferon produce?
Who foolhardy people still pierce, inject with unsterile needles?
What does the drug of choice's the best 've got right now?
When are more than 4,000 transplants performed?
What works with the National Institutes of Health?
When was it not identified First called non-A, non-B hepatitis because its specific virus could not be differentiated from other strains?
What are doctors who work with hepatitis C patients dismayed by?
What is Interferon delivered as three times a week for 12 to 18 months?
What does he say?
What does the liver's large capacity allow it to without signaling its deterioration?
What does the drug of choice's three-fourths of all victims of hepatitis C 've got right now?
What may it have?
What does he say Altman is optimistic about the treatment of hepatitis C.'s a rapidly evolving therapeutic arena?
What approved use of another drug in June?
What is ``how do three-fourths of all victims of hepatitis C go about educating people without alarming or frightening them?''
Who is director of the Mayo liver clinic and medical director of the liver transplant program?
What are patients who received blood transfusions before 1992 the target of?
How many patients will die while waiting?
When did that blood test remain unreliable?
When fatal cases of hepatitis C are rising, expecting to triple?
Who are the target of an intense public-education campaign spearheaded by the office of the U. S. surgeon general?
Who says he can offer patients hope?
What could not be differentiated from other strains?
What was refined?
What has hIV enjoyed?
What is the C strain the leading cause of?
What could these people begin to feel the effects of in the future?
Who does Dr. Michael Altman say is optimistic about the treatment of hepatitis C. It's a rapidly evolving therapeutic arena?
What does he say Altman is optimistic about It's a rapidly evolving therapeutic arena?
When is Interferon delivered as self-administered injections three times a week?
Who does he say refuse medication?
What is used alone?
What does Cirrhosis produce?
Who did a gastroenterologist finally diagnose in June 1996?
Who 'mes in remission?
When did a gastroenterologist finally diagnose Ward?
What now is to ward off the worst of liver ailments _ cirrhosis and cancer?
When does Ward say that, she dabbled in marijuana and cocaine?
What do I 'm in?
Who did not want it?
What do I have to live with?
Who believes that her illness is in remission?
When does Ward say?
Who fears a relapse?
What has Ward just finished a year of treatment on?
What does Ward fear?
Who does Ward say I thought was insane?
Who does Ward say ``feel like you have the flu all the time''?
What does an organ whose job is to detoxify and discard products produced in the body also manufacture?
Who adds to the stigma?
What can she not afford?
What are intravenous drug use?
Who is hoping to find a job?
Who did I think was going crazy?
Who does she even advocate for?
What does Cirrhosis prevent from performing its detoxification duties?
What did she suffer?
What does she say, ``I thought''?
What can be nearly as devastating as the disease it's meant to cure for some people?
What is unsafe promiscuous sex?
If the interferon ultimately proves ineffective what would she begin?
Who refuse to visit her?
Who says that can be troubling?
Who depends on public assistance?
Who says, ``I thought I was a horrible person because I contracted hepatitis C''?
What does Cirrhosis produce scarring of?
Who treated her for reflux disease?
What could she not keep down?
What does interferon result in?
Who do some relatives refuse to visit?
Who improved some?
Who continued to languish?
Who felt guilty about her disease At one time?
What can double its cure rate?
Who does unsterile needle used in body piercing or tattooing Hepatitis C most often is passed from person to by way of blood transfusions?
Who finally diagnosed Ward in June 1996?
Who does Ward live with?
What does Ward live in?
What Did unsterile dental equipment convey the virus Ward also has discovered that several former friends who were patients of her dentist in California have come down with hepatitis?
Who suffered chronic back problems, gastrointestinal disorders, recurrent yeast infections, fever and night sweats?
What is Ward?
What did I not want?
What has become the leading reason for liver transplants?
What has improved?
Who has the flu all the time?
Who needles used in body piercing or tattooing Hepatitis C most often is passed from person to person by way of blood transfusions?
Who is blind?
Who was still far from healthy?
What did C. do unsterile dental equipment convey Ward also has discovered that several former friends who were patients of her dentist in California have come down with hepatitis?
Who also has been taking a pill that may be a drug called ribavirin?
Who says, ``It devastated me financially''?
Who says ``You feel like you have the flu all the time''?
What can ribavirin boost?
What has she decided?
Who do experts say is reaching epidemic proportions?
Who may never know the cause of her disease?
What hurts?
Who has been giving herself injections of interferon three times a week?
What was hepatitis C once known by?
What prevents scarring of the liver tissue from performing its detoxification duties?
What was she treated for?
Who did debilitating fatigue force to abandon the B&B?
If the interferon ultimately proves ineffective who would begin a second course?
Who would like personal counseling?
Who has cancer?
What does Ward say ?
What does unsterile needle used in piercing or tattooing Hepatitis C most often is passed from person to person by way of blood transfusions?
What do I have?
What did she improve?
Who says that in her younger days, she dabbled in marijuana and cocaine?
What did her weight slip from to 102?
Who is hoping to obtain Social Security disability payments?
Who says I thought I was insane?
Who have been emotionally and financially supportive?
What can boost the effectiveness of interferon?
Who does she attend a support group for?
What was once known by the vague label ``non-A, non-B''?
What is Treatment?
Who may have been taking a placebo?
What does she say?
Who has it?
Who has to live with it?
What did her weight slip from 135 to?
Who has battled lethargy?
What can interferon treat ment be nearly as devastating as the disease it's meant to cure for?
What are blood transfusions?
What produces scarring of the liver tissue?
What did she test?
What did C. do convey the virus Ward also has discovered that several former friends who were patients of her dentist in California have come down with hepatitis?
Who could not keep food down?
What does she participate in at Mayo Clinic Scottsdale?
What does she participate in an experimental program at?
When did Ward feel guilty about her disease?
Who has just finished a year of treatment on the only drug that works on hepatitis C: interferon?
Who contracted hepatitis C?
What is this?
Who attends a support group for hepatitis C patients?
What slipped from 135 to 102?
What prevents it from performing its detoxification duties?
What does she believe that her illness is in?
Who no longer could get out of bed?
What does Ward say I thought?
Who says?
What now is to keep it at bay?
What does Ward say that in her younger days, she dabbled in?
When would she learn an organ whose job is to detoxify and discard products produced in the body?
What can ribavirin double?
Who says, ``It's a personal choice''?
What can ribavirin boost the effectiveness of?
What did Ward feel guilty about At one time?
Who even advocates for patients seeking transplants?
What is a financial burden?
What can double the effectiveness of interferon's cure rate?
Who does Ward say thought I was insane?
What would return with a vengeance?
Who has decided that she would not undergo transplant surgery herself if her condition deteriorated?
What forced her to abandon the B&B?
When has she been giving herself injections of interferon three times?
What does Ward add to?
Who lives in Phoenix?
What does her elderly mother have?
Who lives with her elderly mother?
What would she learn for perhaps 20 years?
Who does unsterile needle used in body piercing or tattooing Hepatitis C most often is passed from to person by way of blood transfusions?
What did a holistic doctor tell her she had?
What did C. do unsterile dental equipment convey the virus Ward also has discovered with?
What also manufactures proteins, clotting factors and hormones?
When do such celebrities as daredevil Evel Knievel and singer Naomi Judd _ a former nurse _ have How could Ward have contracted such a nasty disease?
What is the lesser extent?
Who has a tattoo?
What does she believe in?
Who receives solace from group members?
When would she feel well?
What may she never know the cause of?
What would she like?
Who did doctors treat for reflux disease?
What does her elderly mother depend on?
What may she never know?
What can interferon treat ment be nearly as devastating as for some people?
What would the fatigue return with?
What did debilitating fatigue force her to abandon?
What results in remission in about 20 percent of cases?
What does she receive from group members?
Who would learn an organ whose job is to detoxify and discard products produced in the body for perhaps 20 years?
Who told her she had liver disease?
What does unsterile needle used in body piercing or tattooing Hepatitis C most often is passed from person to person by?
What has Ward battled?
Who does she receive solace from?
When has Ward just finished on the only drug that works on hepatitis C: interferon?
Who would feel well for three to four months?
What has she been a week?
Who was treated for countless diseases?
What did a holistic doctor tell her?
What could Ward no longer get out of?
What is the way I came into the world?
Who did a holistic doctor tell she had liver disease?
What do experts say Hepatitis C is reaching?
What did I contract?
What does Cirrhosis prevent scarring of from performing its detoxification duties?
What has Hepatitis C become?
Who say Hepatitis C is reaching epidemic proportions?
Who tested negative for what ultimately would be her diagnosis: hepatitis C hepatitis?
Who did a holistic doctor tell her had liver disease?
What does she attend for hepatitis C patients?
What has Ward just finished a year of on the only drug that works on hepatitis C: interferon?
Who cannot afford it?
Who is in a double blind study?
What is she in?
What did she excruciate?
What does unsterile needle used in body piercing or tattooing most often is passed from person to person by way of blood transfusions?
Who participates in an experimental program at Mayo Clinic Scottsdale?
What does she have?
What does it also manufacture?
Whose entire body hurts?
What did I think?
What did doctors treat her for?
Who excruciated muscle pain?
Who thought I was going crazy?
Where does Ward live?
Who is 41?
Who calls it her ``year in hell?''
What was Zoloft already used for?
What did one find that six months after treatment, a combination of interferon and a drug called to?
Who describes his technique in this month's issue of Chest?
What does Fullerton describe?
What 've also used minimally invasive surgery under the arm through which the lung is removed in the last five years?
What does Tovaro say on?
What offer new hope?
How many long incision _ from the shoulder blade have surgeons used?
Who stay in the hospital five to seven days with standard minimally invasive surgery?
What is Dr. T. Jake Liang chief of?
What did Brown University researchers show that Zoloft is also effective as in a separate study published in the current Journal of the American Medical Association?
What did Brown University researchers show as in a separate study published in the current Journal of the American Medical Association?
Where does Tovaro say he can remove a lung using only one small _ 3-inch _ incision?
What does this's unclear?
Who is a thoracic surgeon at St. Jude Medical Center in Fullerton?
What is the study in?
Who is Calif.?
What is it still not clear?
Who is chief of general thoracic surgery at Beth Israel Deaconess Medical Center in Boston?
When do they 've also used minimally invasive surgery under the arm through which the lung is removed?
What does he anesthetize nerves in the area by?
What is stopped?
What is Kidney Diseases part of?
What &QL; that is believed to infect about 4 million Americans?
What was a blood-borne virus that is spread in the same ways as AIDS?
Who describes Zoloft's technique in this month's issue of Chest?
What helps in 40 percent of cases?
How many days do patients stay in the hospital with standard minimally invasive surgery?
What did the other study find that six months after treatment, the same combination was?
What was Hepatitis C?
What did Liang say in a telephone interview are ``a big step forward''?
What does a drug called interferon help in?
Who was the other study led by?
What is this still not clear?
Who was Calif.?
What found that six months after treatment, the same combination was 49 percent effective in patients who had relapsed after previous treatment?
Who anesthetizes nerves in the area by freezing?
What involves four or five small incisions between the ribs for viewing plus a 4-inch incision?
Who is Dr. Joseph LoCicero?
Who has he also done four others _ Tovar occasionally uses a miniature TV camera inserted through the same incision to see ligaments that he needs to cut in?
Who is chief of the liver diseases section at the National Institute of Diabetes, Digestive, and Kidney Diseases?
Who is Dr. A. Jay Block?
What do they 've also used under the arm through which the lung is removed in the last five years?
What was led by researchers at the University of Florida College of Medicine in Gainesville?
What is Fullerton?
When did the other study find that, the same combination was 49 percent effective in patients who had relapsed after previous treatment?
Who went home the next morning?
What is Chest?
Who was one led by at the Scripps Clinic and Research Foundation in La Jolla?
What is this 10 times higher than alone?
Who have used one long incision _ from the shoulder blade?
What &QL; Until now, there has been no truly effective treatment for hepatitis C?
What has he also done in the five patients reported on _?
What do patients stay in the hospital five to seven days with?
What were treated for six months or 12?
When were people treated?
What did Liang say in the studies are ``a big step forward''?
What does Tovaro say he can remove using only one small _ 3-inch _ incision on the patient's side?
What was La Jolla?
Who does Tovaro say can remove a lung using only one small _ 3-inch _ incision on the patient's side?
Who showed that Zoloft is also effective as an ongoing treatment for chronic depression in a separate study published in the current Journal of the American Medical Association?
When did the other study find?
Who went home the same day?
What did &LR; &ql; Until now, there has been?
What is Kidney Diseases?
What does Dr. T. Jake Liang say together, the studies represent?
What was one led by researchers at?
How many others went home the next morning?
How many studies published in the current New England Journal of Medicine offer new hope?
Who is Dr. Eduardo R. Tovar?
When do patients stay in the hospital with standard minimally invasive surgery?
Whose side does Tovaro say he can remove a lung using only one small _ 3-inch _ incision on?
What does Tovaro say he can remove a lung using on the patient's side?
What's 3 to 5 times the response rate for people getting interferon alone?
What is Chest a journal of?
What does minimally invasive surgery involve?
Who is part of the National Institutes of Health?
Who said in a telephone interview the studies are ``a big step forward''?
Who says together, the studies represent an ``important advance''?
Who 've also used minimally invasive surgery under the arm through which the lung is removed in the last five years?
What do surgeons 've also used minimally invasive surgery under through which the lung is removed in the last five years?
What is 10 times higher than treatment with interferon alone?
What is still not clear how long treatment should last?
What did Brown University researchers show that Zoloft is also effective as an ongoing treatment for chronic depression in?
What does he anesthetize by freezing?
What is a journal of the American College of Chest Physicians?
How many small incisions between the ribs for viewing plus a 4-inch incision does minimally invasive surgery involve?
Whose technique in this month's issue of Chest does Fullerton describe?
Whose side does Tovaro say on?
Who remain in remission?
What does Tovaro say he can remove a lung using only one small _ 3-inch _ incision on?
When do surgeons 've also used minimally invasive surgery under the arm through which the lung is removed?
What did &LR; &ql;?
What are short-lived?
What do they 've also used minimally invasive surgery under through which the lung is removed in the last five years?
Who is editor in chief of the journal?
When did one find?
What have surgeons used?
What was already used for acute depression?
What was led by researchers at the Scripps Clinic and Research Foundation in La Jolla?
What does it's unclear?
What's unclear how many patients can benefit?
What do two studies published in the current New England Journal of Medicine offer?
What do only 10 to 15 percent of patients remain in?
What did one find that six months after treatment, a combination of interferon and a drug called ribavirin was 31 to?
Who says he can remove a lung using only one small _ 3-inch _ incision on the patient's side?
Where does Tovaro say?
Who adds it ``boggled my mind''?
What is in this month's American Journal of Psychiatry?
What do surgeons 've also used under the arm through which the lung is removed in the last five years?
What is Dr. Joseph LoCicero chief of at Beth Israel Deaconess Medical Center in Boston?
When does that's?
Who is Dr. T. Jake Liang?
When did one find that, a combination of interferon and a drug called ribavirin was 31 to 38 percent effective among patients being treated for the first time?
What does Dr. T. Jake Liang say together, represent an ``important advance''?
Whose scientists isolated genes from 26 microorganisms which each make their own versions of the enzyme?
What can the best ones be in?
Who is a company in Santa Clara?
Who do sales of interferon alpha-2b pull in $600 million each year for?
What showed up variants which functioned better than natural enzymes at high, low or intermediate pH.?
What is Andy Ellington of the University of Texas at Austin currently comparing the technique with?
What can be screened out and shuffled to produce whole lineages of superior descendants, in a process mimicking evolution by natural selection?
Who is currently comparing the technique with random mutagenesis?
How many new daughter genes did Maxygen make?
What do sales of interferon alpha-2b pull in each year for Schering-Plough of Berlin?
What is sex at a molecular level spawning an elite class of?
What are the parents a series of?
What can the daughter genes then be inserted into?
What was the best interferon produced by the genes 285,000 times as potent as?
What are genes inherited from both parents reassembled into?
What does Stemmer say is not even necessary to know the identity of all the genes which might profitably be ``mated'' with one another?
What has Maxygen used a DNA shuffling technique to create?
What is random mutagenesis?
What is Pim Stemmer Maxygen's vice-president of?
What are cut into pieces?
What pull in $600 million each year for Schering-Plough of Berlin?
What were superior by comparison?
What are reassembled into daughter genes?
Who were more resistant to solvents or heat?
What has also made ultra-efficient versions of an industrial enzyme?
When do sales of interferon alpha-2b pull in $600 million for Schering-Plough of Berlin?
What has Maxygen used to create interferons that are dramatically more effective against viruses than any produced naturally by the immune system?
What can be used to trawl genomes of other species for related genes?
Who made 600 new daughter genes?
Who are damaging?
What are they reassembled into?
What were others more resistant to?
Who are a series of related genes?
What has Maxygen also made?
What are these cut into?
What was the identity of which is still secret?
What did Maxygen make?
Who used its system of DNA shuffling?
What was the industrial enzyme?
What is marketed as a drug?
Whose vice-president of research is Pim Stemmer?
What are the parent genes first broken into by shattering their DNA with ultrasound, or cutting them up with an enzyme called DNAse?
What is sex at a molecular level spawning?
What does short template or ``primer'' sequence ensure in?
Who are reassembled into daughter genes?
What were 13 percent of the enzymes Maxygen produced through DNA shuffling superior by?
What reproduce sexually?
What did Maxygen use its system of?
When is Pim Stemmer?
Who isolated genes from 26 microorganisms which each make their own versions of the enzyme?
What is Calif.?
Who end up with a mix-and-match set of genes inherited from both parents?
What has it also made ultra-efficient versions of?
What can fragments of DNA from a known gene be used to?
Who has also made ultra-efficient versions of an industrial enzyme?
What has Maxygen also made ultra-efficient versions of?
What are first broken into fragments by shattering their DNA with ultrasound, or cutting them up with an enzyme called DNAse?
What did Maxygen's scientists isolate genes from?
What does short template or ``primer'' sequence ensure that the fragments are stitched together in the correct order to produce?
What is Santa Clara?
Who says, ``They 're all highly significant commercially''?
What do the offspring end up with?
What is similar?
What is interferon alpha-2b marketed as?
Who says, ``others 're all highly significant commercially''?
Who could the best interferon produced by the genes prove?
What has Maxygen also shuffled?
What was 285,000 times as potent as interferon alpha-2b?
What did Maxygen's scientists isolate from 26 microorganisms which each make their own versions of the enzyme?
What are the parents?
What can some of these daughter genes manufacture?
What did Maxygen use?
What is spawning an elite class of proteins?
What were spectacular this time they made 2,000 daughter genes _ and once again?
What is beginning to be realized?
Whose technique is similar?
What were spectacular this time genes inherited from both parents made 2,000 daughter genes _ and once again?
Who says it is not even necessary to know the identity of all the genes which might profitably be ``mated'' with one another?
What has it also made?
What did screening show up?
What is Maxygen?
What is the most popular method of coaxing genes into making new versions of proteins?
What does short template or ``primer'' sequence ensure that the fragments are stitched together in to produce a functioning gene?
What can manufacture proteins that are much better at certain tasks than nature's originals?
What is used to treat viral diseases and cancer?
What sequences ensure that the fragments are stitched together in the correct order to produce a functioning gene?
Who says, ``DNA shuffling is a very powerful technology''?
What is Andy Ellington of the University of Texas at Austin currently comparing with random mutagenesis?
Who says dNA shuffling is not even necessary to know the identity of all the genes which might profitably be ``mated'' with one another?
What could prove a major moneyspinner for Maxygen?
What can then be inserted into bacteria or fungi?
Who is Maxygen's vice-president of research?
Who has also shuffled genes that make the 20 known human interferons?
Who has used a DNA shuffling technique to create interferons that are dramatically more effective against viruses than any produced naturally by the immune system?
Who could it prove?
What does the Rebetron treatment combine with a second anti-viral drug?
What was approved over the protests of patient advocates?
What are Interferon and ribavirin sold together as?
Who accuse Schering of bundling the products in order to compel patients to use the high price of the drugs's interferon?
How many estimated Americans does Hepatitis C infect?
What did &QL; &ql;?
What did Wednesday approve the expanded use of Rebetron already on?
What has ribavirin been approved for use only in?
Who do they accuse of bundling the products in order to compel patients to use its interferon?
What is swallowed in capsules?
What do some patients say that their doctors would like to prescribe ribavirin with?
Who does the expanded approval now mean that Rebetron can also be given to?
Who did Wednesday approve the expanded use of already on the market for hepatitis C?
What do analysts say?
What will generate an estimated $800 million in revenue this year?
What are many more people than AIDS?
What is also known as 3TC?
What does Hepatitis B affect worldwide?
Who was rebetron approved in June only for?
Who say that their doctors would like to prescribe ribavirin with another brand of interferon?
What can Patients not get without purchasing the entire kit?
What is spread mainly by dirty needles and exposure to infected blood?
What is marketed under the trade name Epivir?
What can delay the progression of liver disease caused by the virus?
What was the expanded use approved over?
Who do researchers say that not all hepatitis C patients need?
What was Hepatitis C?
Who are in Asian countries?
What was IMS Health?
What suppresses blood levels of the virus far better than interferon alone?
What were the only other approved treatment?
Who say it is difficult to estimate the potential market?
Who was the Schering-Plough spokesman?
Who do they accuse of bundling the products in order to maintain the high price of the drugs?
What was Rebetron?
What was a firm that tracks the pharmaceutical industry?
What can the treatment delay?
What accuse Schering of bundling the products in order to compel patients to use its interferon?
What were liver cancer and liver failure?
Who was Robert Consalvo?
What are most of those patients in?
Who say that not all hepatitis C patients need Rebetron?
What did the FDA caution that Rebetron is not?
What is Lamivudine marketed under?
What was a viral infection of the liver that can lead to cirrhosis?
What did Rebetron sales have by the end of October?
What can also cause birth defects?
What does the FDA suppress alone?
What was rebetron made by?
What has previously been approved for the HIV virus?
What does the Rebetron treatment combine interferon injections with?
What were interferon drugs?
What are flulike symptoms?
Who did a Schering-Plough spokesman say is sold in this way because ribavirin has been approved for use only in combination with Schering's brand of interferon?
Who accuse Schering of bundling the products in order to compel patients to use its interferon?
What is price at Europe?
Who can have severe side effects including flulike symptoms?
What do some patients say that their doctors would like to prescribe with another brand of interferon?
Who was approved in June only for patients who had relapsed after taking interferon drugs for the disease?
What is the second anti-viral drug swallowed in?
What was Hepatitis C a viral infection of?
What do analysts say is difficult to estimate the potential market?
What did a Schering-Plough spokesman say in?
What are sold together as a kit?
What is the kit?
What are as many as 350 million?
Who accuse Schering of bundling the products in order to maintain the high price of the drugs?
What did a Schering-Plough spokesman say Rebetron is sold in because ribavirin has been approved for use only in combination with Schering's brand of interferon?
Who does Hepatitis C infect?
What kills 8,000 to 10,000 a year?
What does a six-month treatment cost?
What had totaled $46 million by the end of October?
What does it suppress blood levels of alone?
Who does the expanded approval now mean to?
What is the second anti-viral drug?
What is a practice known as bundling?
What combines interferon injections with a second anti-viral drug?
What is price less of at Europe?
What are anemia, depression and suicidal behavior?
Who object to the way Rebetron is being sold?
What is price less of an issue at?
What has been approved for use only in combination with Schering's brand of interferon?
What is the leading reason for liver transplants?
What is ribavirin?
Who was a treatment?
What does it suppress alone?
Who say the cost of the drug is difficult to estimate the potential market?
What affects many more people than AIDS worldwide?
What do patient advocates object to?
What were cirrhosis?
What did Wednesday approve already on the market for hepatitis C?
What did the FDA caution that it is not known?
What do researchers say?
When did Rebetron sales have totaled $46 million?
What is the disease spread mainly by?
What did the FDA caution?
Who said Rebetron is sold in this way because ribavirin has been approved for use only in combination with Schering's brand of interferon?
What can the treatment delay the progression of?
What can the FDA also cause?
When was rebetron approved only for patients who had relapsed after taking interferon drugs for the disease?
What can it also cause?
When approved the expanded use of Rebetron already on the market for hepatitis C?
What cautioned that Rebetron is not a cure?
What does the FDA suppress blood levels of alone?
What can Rebetron have?
What do some patients say with?
What is less of an issue at Europe?
Where are most of those patients?
What is Lamivudine also known as?
What has Lamivudine previously been approved for?
What cautioned that it is not known whether the treatment can delay the progression of liver disease caused by the virus?
What is the disease?
Who was made by the Schering-Plough Corp.?
What now means that Rebetron can also be given to patients who had not taken interferon?
What may be prohibitive at Asian countries?
When does Hepatitis C kill 8,000 to 10,000?
What did Rebetron sales have totaled by the end of October?
What costs $6,400 to $8,600?
What may the cost of the drug be prohibitive at?
What infects an estimated four million Americans?
What accuse Schering of bundling the products in order to maintain the high price of the drugs?
Where may the cost of the drug be prohibitive?
Who cannot get ribavirin without purchasing the entire kit?
What has ribavirin been approved for only in combination with Schering's brand of interferon?
Who did Mrs. Buchanan's lab tests and a biopsy reveal?
What worked?
What did the bundling also send up among advocates for AIDS patients?
What does Mexico import the Food and Drug Administration from?
What did it have?
What did Patricia Buchanan hope to purchase alone?
When did Mrs. Buchanan enrol in a study that provided six months of treatment with Schering-Plough's version of the drug interferon?
What do expensive drugs need?
What are 90 percent thought to be infected among?
What has plummeted?
What was a slightly different one?
Who were infected years ago?
Who packaged them together as a kit?
Who added that people with the virus must never drink alcohol?
Who packaged expensive drugs together as a kit?
What revealed scarring of the liver?
What does the group provide to hepatitis C patients at cost what ribavirin would cost in the bundled product?
What do the vast majority of people with chronic hepatitis C carry indefinitely?
What did the AIDS groups begin showing hepatitis patients?
What did Mrs. Buchanan's lab tests and a biopsy indicate that she might be one of in whom the disease would worsen?
Who said: There's no epidemic going on now of hepatitis C. New cases have fallen precipitously since the discovery of the virus?
What does the federal Centers for Disease Control and Prevention estimate that most of them do not know they are carrying?
Who had she researched it on?
What did she hope to purchase alone?
Who will receive letters from the government and blood banks as part of a program to inform 300,000 people who may have been infected by transfusions before 1992?
Who says the advertising campaign has ``breached the public trust?''
What accelerates liver damage from the infection?
What did Patricia Buchanan think might work better for her?
What did Patricia Buchanan's doctor agree?
What is less clear?
What did a spokesman for Schering say the price of Rebetron reflected the hundreds of millions of dollars has cost to develop the product?
What does sexual contact not seem to spread efficiently?
Who was a 43-year-old woman living in Brooklyn Park?
What carry the virus indefinitely?
What did Robert Consalvo say in a telephone interview?
When is regular monitoring impossible to tell whether the disease will progress?
Who said its lawyers had determined that it lacked the regulatory authority to do so?
What did Schering-Plough package them together as?
Who hoped to combine it with another form of interferon made by another company?
Who is active in AIDS issues in San Francisco?
What had dropped to 36,000 by 1996?
What has begun buying ribavirin from Mexico?
Who had ``bundled'' the two drugs?
What did Dr. Leonard Seeff add that people with the virus must never drink?
What does the CDC say despite widespread warnings about tattooing and body piercing _ and the common-sense assumption that dirty instruments could spread the virus _?
What was the Food and Drug Administration?
Who asked the FDA to require that Rebetron be unbundled?
What is jaundice?
Who could buy Schering's interferon alone, but not ribavirin?
When did the epidemic occur that donated blood?
What was the only treatment available at the time?
What did Jeff Getty interfere with?
What had Patricia Buchanan researched Schering-Plough's brand of on her own?
What had she developed?
How many drugs had Schering-Plough ``bundled''?
What will those who test positive for the virus but have no signs of disease face?
Who did write to Schering-Plough?
What has become the leading reason for liver transplants?
What are many more Americans expected to find themselves in during the next two decades?
What is expensive?
Who hoped to purchase the ribavirin alone?
What had not worked for Patricia Buchanan?
What does the infection cause 8,000 to 10,000 deaths per year in?
What did the test for the virus come into?
When do about 20 percent develop cirrhosis and liver failure or cancer?
What did a spokesman for Schering say the price of Rebetron reflected it has cost to develop the product?
Who had Patricia Buchanan researched Schering-Plough's brand of interferon on?
What does the Lancet say the advertising campaign has ``breached?''
Who was made by Schering-Plough?
How many grown children does Mrs. Buchanan have?
What did a spokesman for Schering say the price of Rebetron reflected the hundreds of it has cost to develop the product?
What do doctors recommend for people like Mrs. Buchanan with clear signs of liver damage?
Who estimates that most of many more Americans do not know they are carrying it?
What is a symptom of severe liver disease?
Who was Dr. Heidi Jolson?
What did she expect to be told that her problems were due to?
What did Mrs. Buchanan say had never been answered?
What did Patients and advocacy groups ask to require that Rebetron be unbundled?
What did her doctor agree was worth a try?
What did Dr. Jay Hoofnagle say: There's no epidemic going on now of hepatitis since?
Who is the most common means of transmission the sharing of needles by?
Who do they need?
What do doctors recommend treatment for people like Mrs. Buchanan with?
What was Dr. Heidi Jolson director of at the agency?
What had Patricia Buchanan developed?
Who recommended drug treatment to try to rid her system of the virus?
What does the federal Centers for Disease Control and Prevention estimate with?
What was that to Mrs. Buchanan?
What does the federal Centers for Disease Control and Prevention estimate?
Whose letter to the company did Mrs. Buchanan say?
Who say that the company is needlessly alarming Americans about the disease in its advertising?
What did she first learn?
What did Patricia Buchanan's doctor recommend drug treatment to try to rid?
What did Dr. Jay Hoofnagle say: There's no epidemic going on now of C. New cases have fallen precipitously since the discovery of the virus?
Whose brand of interferon did Patricia Buchanan's doctor agree?
What do they need?
Whose brand of interferon had Patricia Buchanan researched on her own?
Whose ability to prescribe different combinations for patients did he interfere with?
What is Schering-Plough Corp. of Madison?
What is regular monitoring impossible to tell in the early stages of infection?
What had never received a transfusion or taken drugs?
What have those who test positive for the virus but have no signs of disease's interests collided with?
What does it accelerate?
What do many doctors suspect?
Who estimates that most of them do not know they are carrying it?
What did Patricia Buchanan say her husband and other family members all tested negative for?
Who had researched Schering-Plough's brand of interferon on her own?
Whose brand of interferon did Patricia Buchanan's doctor agree was worth a try?
Who do not respond to interferon at all?
What is wrong?
What will face difficult questions about whether to start treatment?
Who nn was not considered a cure?
What did?
What were tested together?
What does the group provide it to hepatitis C patients at?
Who worked?
What did Mrs. Buchanan want to try?
What does the federal Centers for Disease Control and Prevention estimate that most of many more Americans do not know?
What did Patricia Buchanan's doctor agree was worth a try?
Who was director of the division of antiviral drugs at the agency?
Who may get it if their doctors contact the company?
Who does the federal Centers for Disease Control and Prevention estimate?
What do many doctors suspect that people can transmit by sharing straws used to inhale cocaine?
Whose letter to the company did Mrs. Buchanan say had never been answered?
What did Patricia Buchanan's doctor recommend drug treatment to try to rid her system of?
Who may those who know they need treatment find caught in a controversy similar to the ones that have erupted over high-priced treatments for AIDS?
When are many more Americans expected to find themselves in the same situation?
What does the Lancet say has ``breached the public trust?''
What did he add?
What was Dr. Jay Hoofnagle director of at the National Institutes of Health?
Who did she say had never even heard of hepatitis C. ``I was terrified''?
Who does the federal Centers for Disease Control and Prevention estimate that most of them do not know are carrying it?
What did the combination reduce to undetectable levels in about twice as many patients as interferon did?
Who enrolled in a study that provided six months of treatment with Schering-Plough's version of the drug interferon in 1995?
What did she think might work better for her?
Whose doctor agreed Schering-Plough's brand of interferon was worth a try?
Who does the drug interferon eliminate?
What has Schering called?
Who did the AIDS groups begin showing how to do battle with big drug companies?
What is the sharing of needles by drug users?
Who was Robert Consalvo?
Who had probably been infected 15 or 20 years before?
What was Minn.?
What did Robert Consalvo say was reasonable in a telephone interview?
Who was director of the division of digestive diseases and nutrition at the National Institutes of Health?
Who are many more Americans expected to find in the same situation during the next two decades?
What indicated that she might be one of the unfortunate ones in whom the disease would worsen?
What did Patricia Buchanan quickly find out?
Who was the combination?
Who said he feared that companies would similarly bundle combination treatments for AIDS?
When was a new treatment approved by the Food and Drug Administration?
What does Mexico import it from?
Who is the company Schering-Plough Corp. of?
What did Mrs. Buchanan's lab tests and a biopsy indicate that Patricia Buchanan might be in whom the disease would worsen?
Who said?
What provides it to hepatitis C patients at cost what ribavirin would cost in the bundled product?
Who thought it might work better for her?
Who said the agency's lawyers had determined that it lacked the regulatory authority to do so?
What was Brooklyn Park?
What does the federal Centers for Disease Control and Prevention estimate that four million Americans are infected with?
What had Patricia Buchanan researched on her own?
What is Madison?
Who said more than 80 percent of those infected with the virus ``will survive with no disease whatsoever?''
Who said her husband and other family members all tested negative for the virus?
Who are not sure whether that has occurred?
Who did Patricia Buchanan think Schering-Plough's brand of interferon might work better for?
What are many more Americans expected to find in the same situation during the next two decades?
Whose doctor recommended drug treatment to try to rid her system of the virus?
Who do we know for?
What did Consalvo, say to?
What did Patricia Buchanan expect to be told to?
Who said Dr. Heidi Jolson's letter to the company had never been answered?
What did her doctor hope to prevent?
Who find out?
Who was Rebetron made by?
Who was a senior scientist for hepatitis C research at the National Institute of Diabetes and Digestive Diseases?
What were transfusions the main route of?
What does the Lancet say?''
Who was a spokesman for Schering?
What have collided with those of a pharmaceutical company eager to recoup its research expenses?
Who had terrible side effects?
What could Patients buy?
What had terrible side effects?
What does the CDC say there is no evidence linking those practices to the disease in the United States despite?
Whose interferon alone, but not ribavirin could Patients buy?
What did Rebetron have?
Who recommend treatment for people like Mrs. Buchanan with clear signs of liver damage?
Who was one of those?
What do some people taking a host of drugs to treat HIV also have?
When had the figure dropped to 36,000?
What did Dr. Heidi Jolson say its lawyers had determined that it lacked?
What are now turning 50 and 60?
What does the infection cause in the United States?
What does the federal Centers for Disease Control and Prevention estimate that most of them do not know?
What did Patricia Buchanan's doctor recommend to try to rid her system of the virus?
What is Treatment generally not recommended for those without?
Who are expected to find themselves in the same situation during the next two decades?
Who did Getty say feared that companies would similarly bundle combination treatments for AIDS?
Who said the word ``epidemic'' was reasonable in a telephone interview?
What need them?
What does the CDC say there is despite widespread warnings about tattooing and body piercing _ and the common-sense assumption that dirty instruments could spread the virus _?
Who did she think it might work better for?
What is the most common means of transmission by drug users?
What did Consalvo say?
Who did Patricia Buchanan think for?
Whose brand of interferon did Patricia Buchanan think might work better for her?
What was made by Schering-Plough?
What do some people taking a host of drugs to treat HIV also want in picking medications?
Who did the bundling also send up a red flag among?
Who did not want to purchase the entire kit _ a six-month supply costs $6,400 to $8,600 _ just to get the ribavirin?
What had the figure dropped to by 1996?
Who had Schering-Plough's brand of interferon not worked for?
What do 20 percent of infected people report no other means of?
What did she expect to be told to?
What did Schering-Plough package together as a kit?
What does drug users account for?
What does Mexico import from a U. S. company?
What did Mrs. Buchanan not want to purchase the entire kit _ to?
What did Patients and advocacy groups ask the FDA to require?
What did a spokesman for Schering say?
Who know what it means for us?
Who was Dr. Leonard Seeff?
What did Patricia Buchanan expect to be told that her problems were due to?
What was news to Mrs. Buchanan?
Who was that news to?
What did she hope to combine it with?
What did she quickly find out?
Who was the combination made by?
What does the federal Centers for Disease Control and Prevention estimate that most of many more Americans do not know they are carrying?
What were transfusions?
What did Consalvo say Schering scientists believe?
What did her doctor recommend to try to rid her system of the virus?
Whose brand of interferon had not worked for her?
What indicated that Patricia Buchanan might be one of the unfortunate ones in whom the disease would worsen?
What did Mrs. Buchanan's lab tests and a biopsy indicate?
What was Mrs. Buchanan?
What did Patricia Buchanan hope to combine the Food and Drug Administration with?
How many deaths per year does the infection cause in the United States?
Who said Mrs. Buchanan had never even heard of hepatitis C. ``I was terrified''?
What was nn Rebetron not considered?
What was Rebetron?
What did Patricia Buchanan's doctor hope to prevent?
What imports the Food and Drug Administration from a U. S. company?
What did the epidemic occur during the '60s and '70s that donated?
What has one AIDS group begun buying ribavirin from?
Who is N. J.?
What was interferon?
What also sent up a red flag among advocates for AIDS patients?
When is it impossible to tell whether the disease will progress?
What are also expected to increase?
Who did she think for?
What did he interfere with?
Who do expensive drugs need?
What does cost come to?
What is it impossible to tell in the early stages of infection?
Who did she first learn was infected?
What did Patricia Buchanan hope to combine with another form of interferon made by another company?
What came into use?
Whose brand of interferon had not worked for Patricia Buchanan?
What may those who know they need treatment find caught in a controversy similar to the ones that have erupted over high-priced treatments for AIDS?
Who has called the disease an epidemic?
Who were tested together?
What is spread mainly by exposure to infected blood?
What may patients who need help sooner get if their doctors contact the company?
What reduced the virus to undetectable levels in about twice as many patients as interferon did?
What began showing hepatitis patients how to do battle with big drug companies?
What occurred during the '60s and '70s that donated blood?
Who was a ceramics studio?
Who was Patricia Buchanan?
What was interferon available at the time?
What have their interests collided with?
What had Schering-Plough ``bundled''?
What are donor organs already in?
Who asked?
What did Getty say he feared?
What does alcohol accelerate?
What did Mrs. Buchanan's lab tests and a biopsy indicate that she might be in whom the disease would worsen?
Who said she belongs to the ``no explanation'' group?
What were the main route of transmission?
Who did she say tested negative for the virus?
Who interfered with doctors ' ability to prescribe different combinations for patients?
What was a combination therapy that paired interferon with the antiviral drug ribavirin?
What will others receive letters from the government and blood banks as?
Who is the company?
What was Mrs. Buchanan one of?
Who has featured on the disease's Web site illustrations of people with the hideously yellow eyes of jaundice?
Who do some researchers say that the company is needlessly about the disease in its advertising?
What did her doctor recommend drug treatment to try to rid?
What does not seem to spread hepatitis C efficiently?
Whose brand of interferon did Patricia Buchanan think for?
Who agreed it was worth a try?
What did he add that people with the virus must never drink?
What eliminates the virus in 10 to 20 percent of patients?
What is impossible to tell whether the disease will progress in the early stages of infection?
What did her doctor agree?
What comes to less than half?
Whose lab tests and a biopsy indicated that Patricia Buchanan might be one of the unfortunate ones in whom the disease would worsen?
What is the most common means of transmission the sharing of by drug users?
Where does the infection cause 8,000 to 10,000 deaths per year?
Who said Schering scientists believe that the earlier patients start treatment, the better their chances of getting rid of the virus?
What did she say Mrs. Buchanan had never even heard of ``I was terrified''?
Who suspect that people can transmit the virus by sharing straws used to inhale cocaine?
Who had developed a chronic infection?
What has one AIDS group begun buying from Mexico?
What have collided with those of a pharmaceutical company eager to turn a profit?
What develop cirrhosis and liver failure or cancer within 20 to 25 years of being infected?
What do about 20 percent develop within 20 to 25 years of being infected?
Who estimates that four million Americans are infected with hepatitis C?
Whose doctor hoped to prevent further liver damage?
What did a spokesman for Schering say reflected the hundreds of millions of dollars it has cost to develop the product?
What is the Lancet?
What did she say her husband and other family members all tested negative for?
What did Mrs. Buchanan say she belongs to?
What were infected years ago?
Who expected to be told that her problems were due to smoking and excess weight?
Who quickly found out that would not be possible?
Whose lab tests and a biopsy revealed scarring of the liver?
Who did?
What do half of patients not respond to interferon at?
Who does Mrs. Buchanan have?
What do some researchers say that the company is needlessly alarming Americans about?
Who need them?
Who accounts for 60 percent of new infections in the United States?
What did Dr. Heidi Jolson say its lawyers had determined?
What is jaundice a symptom of?
What breathes human being?
Who agreed Schering-Plough's brand of interferon was worth a try?
What did the combination reduce the virus to as interferon did?
What is Jeff Getty?
Who had researched it on her own?
What does Mrs. Buchanan run?
Who did Consalvo say believe that the earlier patients start treatment, the better their chances of getting rid of the virus?
Who did Mrs. Buchanan say belongs to the ``no explanation'' group?
What will others receive from the government and blood banks as part of a program to inform 300,000 people who may have been infected by transfusions before 1992?
Who wanted to try the combination treatment?
What was approved by the Food and Drug Administration in June?
What will most be now?
Who was Dr. Jay Hoofnagle?
Who said the price of Rebetron reflected the hundreds of millions of dollars it has cost to develop the product?
What will fall ill?
Who do expensive drugs know for?
What did Dr. Heidi Jolson say the agency's lawyers had determined?
What did Dr. Leonard Seeff say with?''
What did Robert Consalvo say the word ``epidemic'' was reasonable in?
Who first learned she was infected?
What have hepatitis C?
What causes 8,000 to 10,000 deaths per year in the United States?
What is generally not recommended for those without signs of liver damage?
Who said that the product did not have to be bundled?
What did he say with?''
What will others receive letters from as part of a program to inform 300,000 people who may have been infected by transfusions before 1992?
What is?
What has it become?
Who has four grown children?
What did Dr. Jay Hoofnagle say: There's no epidemic going on now of hepatitis have fallen precipitously since the discovery of the virus?
What is Treatment generally not recommended for without signs of liver damage?
What know what very much means for us?
What are people infected then now turning?
Who said that the agency would cooperate if the company decided to sell the drugs separately?
What did Dr. Leonard Seeff add?
What had the ``no explanation'' group never received?
What did a spokesman for Schering say the price of Rebetron reflected the hundreds of millions of dollars it has cost to develop?
What may find themselves caught in a controversy similar to the ones that have erupted over high-priced treatments for AIDS?
Who runs her own business?
What will progress?
What did Seeff say with?
What did Getty say he feared that companies would similarly?
What report no other means of exposure?
What did Mrs. Buchanan not want to purchase?
What does the federal Centers for Disease Control and Prevention estimate that most of them do not know are carrying it?
What do half of patients not respond to at all?
What want as much flexibility as possible in picking medications?
Who hoped to combine the Food and Drug Administration with another form of interferon made by another company?
Who did Dr. Heidi Jolson say had determined that it lacked the regulatory authority to do so?
What is a substantial increase expected in?
What did the epidemic occur during the '60s and '70s?
What did Dr. Heidi Jolson say the agency's lawyers had determined that it lacked?
What will be middle-aged people who feel fine now?
What do some researchers say about?
What did Consalvo say Schering scientists believe that the earlier patients start?
What did Dr. Heidi Jolson say?
Who did Patricia Buchanan say tested negative for the virus?
What imports it from a U. S. company?
Who did Schering-Plough package together as a kit?
What is Hepatitis C spread mainly by?
What was a new treatment approved by in June?
Whose lab tests and a biopsy indicated that she might be one of the unfortunate ones in whom the disease would worsen?
What do 20 percent of infected people report?
What is a British medical journal?
Who has featured on its Web site illustrations of people with the hideously yellow eyes of jaundice?
When was interferon the only treatment available?
What did Jolson say?
Who said her letter to the company had never been answered?
Who does the federal Centers for Disease Control and Prevention estimate that most of many more Americans do not know are carrying it?
What did Dr. Jay Hoofnagle say: There's no epidemic going on now of hepatitis C. New cases have fallen precipitously since?
Who does the group provide it to at cost what ribavirin would cost in the bundled product?
Whose ability to prescribe different combinations for patients did Jeff Getty interfere with?
What did a spokesman for Schering say the price of Rebetron reflected the hundreds of millions of dollars?
What did Dr. Jay Hoofnagle say: There's C. New cases have fallen precipitously since the discovery of the virus?
What are thought to be infected among those who have injected drugs for five years?
What are already in short supply?
What did Schering-Plough package expensive drugs together as?
What did Mrs. Buchanan enrol in in 1995?
What has a viral infection of the liver become?
What did Mrs. Buchanan's lab tests and a biopsy indicate that Patricia Buchanan might be one of in whom the disease would worsen?
What did she hope to combine with another form of interferon made by another company?
What has Schering featured on?
What had she researched on her own?
What had not worked for her?
What does the federal Centers for Disease Control and Prevention estimate that most of many more Americans do not know are carrying it?
Who did Jolson write to?
Who hoped to prevent further liver damage?
What did Mrs. Buchanan say to?
What did Patricia Buchanan first learn?
Who thought Schering-Plough's brand of interferon might work better for her?
Who said, ``The HIV and AIDS community is watching this and very much up in arms about it?''
What did Seeff say he worried with?
What did Getty say?
What did Mrs. Buchanan's lab tests and a biopsy reveal scarring of?
What did her doctor recommend drug treatment to try to rid her system of?
What is expected in the demand for liver transplants?
What does every living breathe?
What do doctors recommend treatment for with clear signs of liver damage?
What did Mrs. Buchanan say?
Who did Patricia Buchanan first learn was infected?
What is only available in Canada and Europe?
Who manufacture beta interferon?
What did Biogen's stock soar 6 1\/8 Monday on the Nasdaq to on anticipation of the FDA ruling?
What soared 6 1\/8 Monday on the Nasdaq to 102 1\/4 on anticipation of the FDA ruling?
Whose stock soared 6 1\/8 Monday on the Nasdaq to 102 1\/4 on anticipation of the FDA ruling?
Who comes pre-mixed in syringes for injections beneath the skin?
What has Biogen's drug been on since 1996?
What is a drug used to slow down the debilitating neurological disease?
Who makes Rebif?
What does Rebif come pre-mixed in beneath the skin?
Who said Rebif comes in several doses?
Whose drug is called Avonex?
Who is Serono's main competitor in the $500 &UR; &LR; million-a-year market for multiple sclerosis treatment?
Who is Biogen's drug called?
Whose main competitor in the $500 &UR; &LR; million-a-year market for multiple sclerosis treatment is Biogen Inc.?
Whose president was Hisham Samra?
Who does the decision technically leave the door open for Serono to obtain a waiver from the Orphan Drug Act by demonstrating to?
What is the drug only available in?
Who is of Norwell?
What is the Biogen?
Who have Serono executives argued that stronger doses of beta interferon work better for?
What is beta interferon?
What has Serono spent to develop the drug?
Who is the Biogen of?
Who must be mixed with a sterile solution before it is injected into the muscle?
What is Serono a subsidiary of?
What is Mass.?
What does Rebif come pre-mixed in syringes for injections beneath?
Who is a subsidiary of the Geneva-based Ares-Serono Group?
What technically leaves the door open for Serono to obtain a waiver from the Orphan Drug Act by demonstrating that Rebif is clinically superior to Avonex?
Who is Biogen Inc.?
Who is of Cambridge, Mass. , and Serono?
What did Serono say Rebif comes in?
Who are chemically identical?
Who have argued that stronger doses of beta interferon work better for patients with more advanced multiple sclerosis?
Who has spent more than $100 million to develop the drug?
What did Serono say in?
What did its research not include?
Who was Jim Vincent?
What is the world's largest fertility drug maker?
What did not include head-to-head trials comparing Avonex and Rebif?
What makes clear?
Who is the Geneva-based Ares-Serono Group?
When has Biogen's drug been on the US market?
Who is only approved for one dose?
What marks a major victory for Biogen Inc.?
What did Serono Laboratories Inc. suffer a major blow Monday by failing to obtain permission from the federal government to sell its multiple sclerosis drug in?
What is called Avonex?
What is it injected into?
What does the decision technically leave the door open for Serono to obtain from the Orphan Drug Act by demonstrating that Rebif is clinically superior to Avonex?
Who has tried to argue?
What does the decision technically leave the door open for Serono to obtain a waiver from by demonstrating that Rebif is clinically superior to Avonex?
Who is Serono?
Where is the drug only available?
What did the skin's research not include?
What is Avonex only approved for?
What is injected into the muscle?
What must Avonex be mixed with before it is injected into the muscle?
What do both Biogen manufacture?
What suffered a major blow Monday by failing to obtain permission from the federal government to sell its multiple sclerosis drug in the United States?
Whose drug has been on the US market since 1996?
Where did Serono Laboratories Inc. suffer a major blow Monday by failing to obtain permission from the federal government to sell its multiple sclerosis drug?
What was not made until after the stock market closed?
What does the decision by the US Food and Drug Administration mark?
Who have Serono executives argued for?
What has been on the US market since 1996?
What is a sterile solution injected into?
Who was Biogen's chairman and chief executive?
What did Biogen's stock soar 6 1\/8 Monday on to 102 1\/4 on anticipation of the FDA ruling?
What is the Biogen of?
Who was Serono Laboratories ' president?
Who was Hisham Samra?
What has Serono spent more than $100 million to develop?
What did Biogen's stock soar 6 1\/8 Monday on the Nasdaq to 102 1\/4 on?
Who does the decision technically leave the door open for to obtain a waiver from the Orphan Drug Act by demonstrating that Rebif is clinically superior to Avonex?
Who did Serono say comes in several doses?
Who does Serono make?
What have a French team working in Gabon in West Africa successfully analyzed?
Who were able to clear much of the Ebola out of their blood cells and interferon to suppress further multiplication of the viruses?
What is defenders?
Who was of the Special Pathogens Branch at the federal Centers for Disease Control?
What identify?
What did Dr. Pierre Rollin say?
What is this in itself?
What did the immune systems of the majority fail to give a balanced defense within the first two to three days after by contrast?
Who worry that Ebola may not remain forever in its remote jungle confines?
What does falsely strong signals thereby pass?
What did Dr. Philip K. Russell say the work represented?
What discovered that the immune defenses in the two groups were quite distinct?
What were those who did not survive the infection?
Who worry that may one day break out?
What did the research focus on?
What is confined to occasional outbreaks in Africa since its first appearance in 1979?
What does this exotic virus get for two reasons?
What focused on the differences between those who lived and those who died?
What kills 70 percent of those it infects, and kills horribly?
What did the immune systems of the majority have a poor showing of?
What does the virus kill 70 percent of it infects, and kills horribly?
What do researchers worry?
Who is the cellular system?
What does the virus kill 70 percent of those?
Who was emeritus professor at the Johns Hopkins School of Public Health?
What did the team find?
What did Dr. Pierre Rollin say would help researchers test ideas?
What are now believed immune to further Ebola infection?
What are four now believed immune to?
What puts up two general types of defense against invading microbes?
What did four discover?
What do researchers worry in?
What does the immune system put up?
What did the immune systems of the majority fail to give a balanced defense within the first two to three days after infection by?
Who discovered that the immune defenses in the two groups were quite distinct?
Who said the work would help researchers test ideas?
What did they discover?
What have the invading bugs infected in?
What did they have?
What latch?
What was the patient infected by so much virus?
What had a poor showing of antibodies?
What was then continued to produce both ``killer''?
What is Ebola?
What is in itself a feat because those who contract the disease die swiftly?
What did they have a poor showing of?
What is this in a feat because those who contract the disease die swiftly?
Who was the team led by?
What have infected in the other spot cells that?
When do researchers worry that may break out?
Who said the work represented an important step in understanding how Ebola works?
What is one possibility?
Who said?
What failed to give a balanced defense within the first two to three days after infection by contrast?
When did the immune systems of the majority fail to give a balanced defense after infection by contrast?
What did the immune systems of the majority have?
What is a rare viral disease?
What does the immune system put up two general types of?
What does the virus kill 70 percent of those infects, and kills horribly?
What does the virus kill it infects, and kills horribly?
What may the early moments after patients are infected with the feared Ebola virus be?
What is that the too-strong response of one part of the immune system may be giving falsely strong signals?
What is the rare viral disease confined to since its first appearance in 1979?
What does the lack of one kind of defense and excess of another suggest in?
When may be the most important to their survival report this week in the journal Nature Medicine?
What is one?
Who was infected by so much virus that it overwhelmed one half of the immune system's defenses?
What did Dr. Philip K. Russell say the work represented an important step in understanding?
What does this exotic virus get attention disproportionate to its human toll for?
What is in itself a feat because outbreaks have so far only taken place in very remote areas?
What was the patient infected by so much virus that it overwhelmed?
What is this in a feat because outbreaks have so far only taken place in very remote areas?
What thereby passes information that would suppress the other side of the defense?
What did Dr. Philip K. Russell say?
What was Dr. Pierre Rollin of?
What was led by Dr. Sylvain Baize and Eric M. Leroy of the International Center for Medical Research in Gabon?
What did Dr. Philip K. Russell say represented an important step in understanding how Ebola works?
How many general types of defense against invading microbes does the immune system put up?
What is the humoral system?
What have successfully taken?
What gets attention disproportionate to its human toll for two reasons?
What were the immune systems of the majority?
What is the rare viral disease confined to occasional outbreaks in Africa since?
What found a striking difference in the first days of the infection between those who would eventually die and those who would survive?
What might be ruled out?
What survived?
Who had a poor showing of antibodies?
What did the immune systems of the majority fail to give within the first two to three days after infection by contrast?
What do researchers worry that Ebola may not remain forever in?
What have successfully analyzed blood samples from 11 patients infected during outbreaks in Gabon and the Congo?
What was the patient infected by that it overwhelmed one half of the immune system's defenses?
Who was Dr. Philip K. Russell?
What will some of them die of?
Who do or do wait a year for PEG or something better to hit the market?
How many choices have such a long way to go?
What did she burn up the Internet for?
What's a question of being exposed to infectious material?
When does this so maybe wait is the thing to do?
Who were carrying the virus?
Whose hepatitis C ever did?
Who says, ``We do not recommend anyone who had a tattoo be tested''?
What's almost guaranteed the day after an injection I have flu-like symptoms?
What does hysteria come with the hepatitis C?
What has labeled hepatitis C ``an emerging chronic disease of great public health concern?''
What do Raymond Grasso wait a year for PEG or something better to hit the market?
What did Raymond Grasso get?
What did Judy Van Tuyl's neighbor try?
What may PEG-Intron A work faster with fewer side-effects than?
Who does it's common for doctors to advise patients not to tell anyone 're infected?
What do two choices have?
What does this so maybe wait?
What does Paul Lomartire write for?
Who says, ``1990 do not recommend anyone who had a tattoo be tested''?
Who says, ``We 're dealing with a tremendous stigma'', ``We 're dealing with a tremendous stigma''?
What remain needles and transfusions with tainted blood?
Who felt it was just a matter of time before he got liver disease?
What did they not even think about, ``They did not get sick at the time''?
Who injects interferon under his skin?
What got older?
Who 'mes going to get it?
What did Raymond Grasso feel?
What 'll he need for three months to a year?
When does it's estimated that 30,000 will die because of liver disease caused by chronic hepatitis C virus of the 4 million Americans estimated to have been infected?
When does no one's estimated of the 4 million Americans estimated to have been infected?
Who is CDC epidemiologist?
What has to get in through a skin barrier or through some open cut?
What does Seeff say's not the case?
What does she not like the odds of success _?
What have disposable needles and blood screening for transfusions cut from 240,000 a year through the '80s to less than 30,000 a year?
How many people does that's out of a nation of 250 million?
What do less than 5 percent of people who develop cirrhosis eventually need?
What do the major risks remain with tainted blood?
What arrive?
What is the maker of Intron A and Rebetol?
What have prompted the CDC's current push?
What is so few facts?
What they went on to wanted to help out the community?
What _ healthy PTA-involved, soccer moms and dads entrenched in the suburbs?
What is hard to define?
What does Dr. Leonard B. Seeff of the National Health Institute say experts say hepatitis C is than ``an epidemic of discovery''?
What are ribavirin?
Who was used to hangovers?
Who does the CDC act as?
Who has Judy Van Tuyl's neighbor told about the gruesome side-effects?
Who does Dr. Leonard B. Seeff of the National Health Institute say say hepatitis C is less an epidemic than ``an epidemic of discovery''?
What do or do Raymond Grasso wait a year for PEG or something better to hit?
What is so much hysteria?
Who may work faster with fewer side-effects than the two-drug combination?
Who have such a long way to go?
What was inflamed?
What is targeting two audiences: People who had blood transfusions before 1992?
How many percent _ with interferon and ribavirin does she not like the odds of success _?
What does Raymond Grasso also take?
What do we have?
What do or do I wait a year for PEG or something better to hit?
What did not even think about it, ``They did not get sick at the time''?
Who has told her about the gruesome side-effects?
What does this so maybe wait a year is?
Who will wait?
What does Seeff say that's not?
How many pills does he take?
When may PEG-Intron A work faster than the two-drug combination?
What people with chronic hepatitis C have if and when their livers begin to act up: treatment or no treatment?
Who did not even think about it, ``They did not get sick at the time''?
What do she read about one of several new treatments being tested?
Who says experts say hepatitis C is less an epidemic than ``an epidemic of discovery''?
Who are people infected 20 or 30 years ago now discovering may have a problem?
When do Raymond Grasso's best option: A combination of two powerful drugs _ interferon and ribavirin _ taken for six months?
When do Raymond Grasso's best option: A combination of two powerful drugs _ interferon and ribavirin _ taken to a year?
Who says, ``In medicine, different opinions mean we just do not know''?
What did Grasso's HMO pay $1,831 for a six-week supply for?
What do the major risks remain needles and transfusions with?
What did Raymond Grasso feel a new liver was just before he got liver disease?
What is Thelma King Thiel CEO of?
What acts as the nation's ever-cautious school nurse?
What does it take 20 years or more for 20 percent of them to develop?
What are people infected 20 or 30 years ago now discovering?
What does he also take?
Who is CEO of the Hepatitis Foundation International?
What did he feel it was just before he got liver disease?
What are flu-like symptoms?
How many percent _ with interferon and ribavirin does Judy Van Tuyl not like the odds of success _?
Who had a liver biopsy?
What do _ in 10 to 15 years _?
When must Grasso endure for a 40 percent shot at getting rid of the virus?
Who does it's common for doctors to advise not to tell anyone they 're infected?
What were good people? carrying?
What does this's?
What does she not like?
What 40 and 50 went on to college wanted to help out?
What do you say is, ` Good Lord?
When do his best option: A combination of two powerful drugs _ interferon and ribavirin _ taken to a year?
What may 25 years have gotten can kill liver cells and cause scarring?
What are people losing?
What is the CDC targeting?
What do you not swallow, ``This virus is not breathed in''?
Who writes for the Palm Beach Post?
What does Grasso inject interferon under?
How many pills does Raymond Grasso take?
What may they have gotten can kill liver cells and cause scarring?
What calls Hepatitis Awareness Month ``the next deadly epidemic?''
Who has her neighbor told about the gruesome side-effects?
What is the concern among the public?
Who must endure months of suffering for a 40 percent shot at getting rid of the virus?
What may they have gotten?
What did every living breathe human being can get?
What did Raymond Grasso drink to ruin my liver?
When does the hepatitis C scare resemble _ so much hysteria in one painful way?
What people with chronic hepatitis C have two choices if and when their livers begin to act up:?
What have disposable needles and blood screening for transfusions cut new cases of from 240,000 a year through the '80s to less than 30,000 a year?
What is Cedar Grove?
What have past undiscovered cases prompted?
What does _ interferon and ribavirin's almost guaranteed the day after?
Whose liver was inflamed?
When can I go without sleeping?
What Is this the disease that should scare the middle-age bejesus out of Baby Boomers for their dumb indiscretions 25 years ago?
What will die of liver disease _?
What does Judy Van Tuyl not like _ 10 to 40 percent _ with interferon and ribavirin?
What did Grasso's HMO pay $1,831 for for the interferon and ribavirin?
What are now discovering they may have a problem?
What do she read about one of that Grasso is taking?
What does Seeff say, ``In medicine, different opinions mean''?
Who wants to be around a little longer?
What is Good Lord around?
When 'll he need the drugs to a year?
Whose neighbor has told her about the gruesome side-effects?
What will some of most of the people infected die of?
What do you say?
What does that's out of a nation of 250 million?
What comes another similarity to the dark days of AIDs _ shame with the hepatitis C?
Who drank enough alcohol to ruin my liver?
Whose neighbor tried interferon?
Who read about one of several new treatments being tested that Grasso is taking?
What ever did?
What are several new treatments being tested?
What did Raymond Grasso feel was just a matter of time before he got liver disease?
Who does not like the odds of success _ 10 to 40 percent _ with interferon and ribavirin?
How many audiences: People who had blood transfusions before 1992 is the CDC targeting?
What does it's?
What had Raymond Grasso's hepatitis C not yet caused?
What calls it ``the next deadly epidemic?''
What takes 20 years or more for 20 percent of them to develop cirrhosis _?
What does Judy Van Tuyl not like?
Who feels fine?
What have two choices if and when their livers begin to act up: treatment or no treatment?
What is the leading reason for liver transplants?
Who is around the corner?
What is one not _ to see if sexual transmission is a risk?
When have disposable needles and blood screening for transfusions cut new cases of the C virus from 240,000 a year?
What need a liver transplant?
What are headaches?
What's almost guaranteed the day after an injection Raymond Grasso have flu-like symptoms?
When did the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention kick off?
What often mainstream, ``Between 40 and 50''?
What is one infected?
Who do not swallow this, ``This virus is not breathed in''?
What do she read that Grasso is taking?
Who says, ``In the big picture, no one is not a huge number''?
What will most of two choices die from, ``Even without a vaccine''?
What did Grasso's HMO pay for a six-week supply for the interferon and ribavirin?
Who does one painful way's common for doctors to advise not to tell anyone they 're infected?
What develop chronic hepatitis C?
What were they carrying?
Who has Judy Van Tuyl's neighbor told her about?
What wondered if it was ``the new AIDS?''
What do the other 80 to 85 percent develop?
What is West Palm Beach?
Who were told?
What does it's almost guaranteed the day after?
What did he feel?
What was the 54-year-old Fort Lauderdale woman infected with before 1990?
What does the hepatitis C scare resemble the early years of AIDs research _ in one painful way?
What is the disease?
What _ taken for six months to a year?
What did Grasso have?
What is the needle?
When does it's estimated of the 4 million Americans estimated to have been infected?
When 'll he need the drugs for three months?
When does it's almost guaranteed after an injection I have flu-like symptoms?
Who does one painful way's common for doctors to advise patients not to tell anyone 're infected?
What does it's common for doctors to advise patients not to tell anyone 're infected?
Who says, ``In medicine, different opinions mean most of the people infected just do not know''?
Who 're being ostracized?
How many days can Raymond Grasso go without sleeping?
Who feel fine?
Who predict?
What did Judy Van Tuyl burn up for hepatitis information?
Who felt a new liver was just a matter of time before he got liver disease?
What must Grasso endure months of suffering for?
What quit drinking four years ago?
What are six pills?
Who says, ``We have to peel people off the ceiling all the time because of all the negative stuff that's out there''?
Who takes six pills?
What is N. J.?
Who can go three days without sleeping?
When did he feel it was just a matter before he got liver disease?
What were told?
What does it's common for doctors to advise patients not to tell they 're infected?
Who WEST PALM BEACH Is this the disease that should scare the middle-age bejesus out of 25 years ago?
What do _ in 10 to 15 years _ there may be?
What does Grasso inject under his skin?
What paid $1,831 for a six-week supply for the interferon and ribavirin?
When did 40 and 50 not even think, ``They did not get sick at the time''?
Who does no one's estimated that 30,000 will die by 2010 because of liver disease caused by chronic hepatitis C virus of?
Who says, ``In the big picture, it is not a huge number''?
Who 'mes only 40?
What does one painful way's common for doctors to advise patients not to tell anyone 're infected?
Who says, ``a new liver's a question of whether you want to live or die''?
What 're being ostracized?
Who also takes a handful of vitamins and herbal medicines that will not hurt him but might help?
What does one painful way's common for doctors to advise patients not to tell they 're infected?
What do Dr. Leonard B. Seeff of the National Health Institute not swallow, ``This virus is not breathed in''?
What's 30,000 people out of a nation of 250 million?
What does the hepatitis C scare resemble the early years of AIDs research _ so much hysteria in?
What goes away for 15 to 20 percent of people infected with hepatitis C?
What are PEG-Intron A?
What is the Palm Beach Post?
When may have gotten hepatitis C. Hepatitis C can kill liver cells and cause scarring?
What advises safe sex if one partner is infected until more facts arrive?
What are losing their jobs?
Who want to be around a little longer?
What did every living breathe being can get hepatitis C?
Who made a different choice?
What will be forthcoming as the research moves along?
How many years may have gotten hepatitis C. Hepatitis C can kill liver cells and cause scarring?
What was Fla.?
Who does not swallow it, ``This virus is not breathed in''?
Who does it's estimated that 30,000 will die by 2010 because of liver disease caused by chronic hepatitis C virus of?
What did not even think about time, ``They did not get sick at the time''?
What did he get?
What can begin?
What does he also take a handful of that will not hurt him but might help?
Who kicked off Hepatitis Awareness Month?
Who was infected with chronic hepatitis C from a blood transfusion _ either after Judy Van Tuyl's serious car accident in 1966 or several hip operations before 1990?
Who says, ``two choices 're dealing with a tremendous stigma'', ``We 're dealing with a tremendous stigma''?
When did Raymond Grasso feel a new liver was just a matter before he got liver disease?
Who went on to college wanted to help out the community?
What is no one sure?
What does no one's estimated that 30,000 will die by 2010 because of of the 4 million Americans estimated to have been infected?
Who got older?
Whose HMO paid $1,831 for a six-week supply for the interferon and ribavirin?
What does hysteria come another similarity to the dark days of AIDs _ shame with?
Who is the NIH's senior scientist for hepatitis C research?
What is a major problem?
What so maybe waits a year is the thing to do?
What 40 and 50 went on to wanted to help out the community?
What's estimated that 30,000 will die by 2010 because of liver disease caused by chronic hepatitis C virus of the 4 million Americans estimated to have been infected?
What does the CDC advise if one partner is infected until more facts arrive?
What did Raymond Grasso drink enough alcohol to ruin?
What did Judy Van Tuyl make?
What had his hepatitis C not yet caused?
What's bad?
What makes him feel sicker than his hepatitis C ever did?
What did Judy Van Tuyl burn up the Internet for?
Who says, ``It's a question of whether you want to live or die''?
When 'll Raymond Grasso need the drugs for three months?
Who do you say epidemic is, `?
Who chose treatment _ even though it makes him feel sicker than his hepatitis C ever did?
What does she not like _ 10 to 40 percent _ with interferon and ribavirin?
What makes Raymond Grasso feel sicker than his hepatitis C ever did?
Who does treatment or no treatment make feel sicker than his hepatitis C ever did?
What does Dr. Leonard B. Seeff of the National Health Institute say experts say is less an epidemic than ``an epidemic of discovery''?
What _ there may be a vaccine?
What will die from _ heart disease, lung disease, alcohol, trauma, gun shots and God-knows-what, ``Even without a vaccine''?
Who got liver disease?
What does Dr. Leonard B. Seeff of the National Health Institute say experts say hepatitis C is less an epidemic than?
What are a fever?
What's all Raymond Grasso can do to get through work?
What were carrying the virus?
What's all you can do to get through work?
How many choices people with chronic hepatitis C have if and when their livers begin to act up: treatment or no treatment?
What had been giving blood for many, many years?
What did she burn up for hepatitis information?
Who does it's common for to advise patients not to tell anyone they 're infected?
Who tried interferon?
What is Fla. _ Hepatitis C.?
Who says, ``two choices have to peel people off the ceiling all the time because of all the negative stuff that's out there''?
Who may have gotten hepatitis C. Hepatitis C can kill liver cells and cause scarring?
When 'll Raymond Grasso need the drugs to a year?
Who says that's not the case?
What will most of us die from, ``Even without a vaccine''?
What are people infected 20 or 30 years ago now discovering they may have?
What did Raymond Grasso choose?
What they went on to college wanted to help out?
Who burned up the Internet for hepatitis information?
When do his best option: A combination of two powerful drugs _ interferon and ribavirin _ taken for six months?
What may 25 years have gotten?
What is Schering-Plough the maker of?
When were told?
What was Raymond Grasso used to?
Who has her neighbor told her about?
What does it's common for doctors to advise patients not to tell anyone?
How many days can I go without sleeping?
What 'll Raymond Grasso need for three months to a year?
What has the National Institute of Health just awarded?
What does no one take 20 years or more for 20 percent of them to develop?
Who was a 40-year-old Port St. Lucie construction worker?
What have climbed aboard with hepatitis C storylines?
What did he feel was just a matter of time before he got liver disease?
What have disposable needles and blood screening for transfusions cut new cases of the C virus from through the '80s to less than 30,000 a year?
Who says?
Who is Dr. Joanna Buffington?
Who does one painful way's common for to advise patients not to tell anyone they 're infected?
What did I drink enough alcohol to ruin?
What are people infected 20 or 30 years ago now discovering may have a problem?
What are insomnia?
What went on to college wanted to help out the community?
What's common for doctors to advise patients not to tell anyone they 're infected?
What was I used to?
When does _ interferon and ribavirin's almost guaranteed after an injection Raymond Grasso have flu-like symptoms?
What does Judy Van Tuyl not like the odds of success _?
What moves along?
What does he take?
What is 100 percent sure?
What do Judy Van Tuyl read about one of several new treatments being tested?
What does one painful way's common for doctors to advise patients not to tell anyone?
What WEST PALM BEACH Is 25 years ago?
What is Fla.?
What is it?
What was 40-year-old Port St. Lucie?
Who does it make feel sicker than his hepatitis C ever did?
Who says epidemic is, ` Good Lord?
What do I 'm?
What did I drink to ruin my liver?
Who is WEST PALM BEACH?
What is epidemic?
What had not yet caused long-term liver damage?
Who 'll need the drugs for three months to a year?
What does Dr. Leonard B. Seeff of the National Health Institute say experts say than?
What breathed human being can get hepatitis C?
Who 'm only 40?
What did Raymond Grasso choose _ even though it makes him feel sicker than his hepatitis C ever did?
What America, ``Between 40 and 50''?
What does treatment or no treatment make Raymond Grasso feel than his hepatitis C ever did?
What do Judy Van Tuyl read that Grasso is taking?
What does it make him feel than his hepatitis C ever did?
Who is Schering-Plough?
What does the virus go away for?
Who was infected with chronic hepatitis C from a blood transfusion _ either after her serious car accident in 1966 or several hip operations before 1990?
What do Raymond Grasso 'm?
What does Raymond Grasso take?
What did her neighbor try?
Who is Seeff?
What have such a long way to go?
What does it's estimated that 30,000 will die by 2010 because of of the 4 million Americans estimated to have been infected?
What does the hepatitis C scare resemble in one painful way?
What does Raymond Grasso also take a handful of that will not hurt him but might help?
When can Raymond Grasso go without sleeping?
Who says, ``By the end of the week, I 'm pretty much out of it''?
What do Judy Van Tuyl read about one of that Grasso is taking?
What must Grasso endure months of for a 40 percent shot at getting rid of the virus?
What do I wait a year for PEG or something better to hit the market?
Whose hepatitis C had not yet caused long-term liver damage?
What may have gotten hepatitis C. Hepatitis C can kill liver cells and cause scarring?
What have cut new cases of the C virus from 240,000 a year through the '80s to less than 30,000 a year?
What has just awarded a contract for a wide-ranging, eight-year study of the hepatitis C virus?
What is Thelma King Thiel?
Who do a trickier group _?
Whose best option: A combination of two powerful drugs _ interferon and ribavirin _ taken for six months to a year?
When was the 54-year-old Fort Lauderdale woman infected with chronic hepatitis C from a blood transfusion _ either after her serious car accident in 1966 or several hip operations?
What do I 'm going to get?
Who was Raymond Grasso?
How many pills are ribavirin?
Who explains, ``This is not a mystical virus''?
What resembles the early years of AIDs research _ so much hysteria in one painful way?
What does Seeff of the NIH say also, the American Liver Foundation came under fire for a hepatitis warning billboard in Sacramento featuring a coffin with?
What has Folkman discussed the case to rapt at medical meetings?
What worked?
Who said, ``We started giving her small injections at night, and by four weeks'' the tumor was gone''?
Whose tumor did he suspect?
What eventually proved to be a large, aggressive tumor in her jaw in a scenario?
Who did Jennifer's mother say except early in the treatment when she had hallucinations ?
What did Dr. Judah Folkman suspect that Jennifer's tumor might be?
Who said Jennifer saw gummy bears running around the house?
What worked well in Jennifer's case by being given over a long period?
What are in the spotlight because they show enormous promise for treating cancer by starving it of its blood supply?
Who said Jennifer had few side effects?
What is Lincoln?
What is their oral surgeon Dr. Leonard Kaban of?
What do Pediatrics, Folkman, Kaban, and colleagues describe with in a paper being published Tuesday in the journal?
What did every parent fears eventually prove to be in her jaw in a scenario?
Who does Folkman say is one of the weaker angiogenesis inhibitors?
What were pushed out of place?
Who twice removed it?
What has Folkman discussed to rapt audiences at medical meetings?
Who said Monday ``That was exciting''?
What is the tumor called?
Who said it is not a major problem?
Whose blood contained many times the normal amount of FGF?
What did Jennifer's mother say Jennifer saw gummy bears running around?
What are newer and stronger angiogenesis inhibitors like?
What do BOSTON _ It started with?
Who did Jennifer's mother say had few side effects?
What did he suspect that Jennifer's tumor might be?
What did Jennifer's mother say Jennifer except early in when she had hallucinations ?
What did Kaban say one side of Jennifer's face is not?
Whose mother said Jennifer except early in the treatment when she had hallucinations ?
Who says since then, the treatment has been used successfully in about six other cases?
Who feared Radiation would stunt growth in one side of Jennifer's face while the other side grew normally?
What describe how the tumor was finally beaten with a yearlong regimen of a drug in a paper being published Tuesday in the journal?
What did doctors fear while the other side grew normally?
What show enormous promise for treating cancer by starving it of its blood supply?
Who had Folkman not previously identified?
Who said that Jennifer can have implants put in when she's older?
What appears to be gone for good?
What did Folkman reason, ``You could give interferon alpha at a low dose every day'' without causing the side effects in?
Who did her mother say except early in the treatment when she had hallucinations ?
What did Folkman have pioneered?
What does Folkman say Interferon is?
What was laced with a dense web of blood vessels that fed its growth?
When did the tumor keep coming back after surgeons twice removed it?
What did Kaban say Monday ``was exciting''?
What did her mother say Jennifer had?
What did Folkman reason, ``You could give interferon alpha at a low dose every day'' without causing the side effects it can trigger in?
What did the test show?
What is doctors's oral surgeon faced with?
What was strong evidence that the interferon was shrinking the tumor by shutting off its FGF signals in search of new blood vessels?
Who twice removed a large, aggressive tumor?
What knocked out the tumor's ability to recruit new blood vessels?
What was one fallback treatment?
What is she still missing?
What were the parent fears?
What had to be raised because the tumor was coming back?
What did doctors fear would stunt growth in one side of Jennifer's face while the other side grew normally?
What did doctors fear Radiation would while the other side grew normally?
Whose mother said Jennifer had few side effects?
What kept coming back within months after surgeons twice removed it?
Who is still missing all her lower teeth on that side?
What progressed?
What was responsible?
What are like the promising drugs endostatin and angiostatin that have not yet been tested in people?
What has Folkman discussed the case to rapt audiences at?
What is called a giant-cell tumor?
When worked?
When did Kaban say ``That was exciting''?
What had recent research shown?
What is Dr. Judah Folkman?
What is Jennifer?
What were 5-year-old Jennifer LaChance's problem?
Who did not know it?
What showed that Folkman was right?
Who was a so-called angiogenic factor that the tumor puts out as a signal for nearby tissues to sprout new vessels to feed it?
Who is head of the surgical research lab at Children's Hospital in Boston?
Whose case did the interferon work well in by being given over a long period?
Who is doctors's oral surgeon?
What was coming back?
Who said, ``doctors started giving Jennifer's small injections at night, and by four weeks'' the tumor was gone''?
What did the interferon work well in by being given over a long period?
What did surgeons twice remove?
Who is faced with this dilemma?
Whose case did it work well in by being given over a long period?
What _ It started with an earache?
Who had not previously identified Jennifer?
What does Folkman say since then, has been used successfully in about six other cases?
What was that?
What did Kaban say that Jennifer can have?
What did Folkman have pioneered the use of?
What's how Folkman believes newer and stronger angiogenesis inhibitors may be able to control cancer?
What is their oral surgeon faced with?
What had recent research shown that interferon alpha could shut down overproduction of?
What does that's?
What has regrown?
What did surgeons resort to removing half her lower jaw in?
Who had a treatment that could potentially help her without having the drastic side effects of radiation therapy?
Who show enormous promise for treating cancer by starving it of its blood supply?
Who suspected that Jennifer's tumor might be secreting FGF?
Whose mother said Jennifer saw gummy bears running around the house?
What did doctors fear it would while the other side grew normally?
Who is R. I.?
What did Folkman have?
What did her mother say Jennifer saw gummy bears running around?
What did she have?
Who did Jennifer's mother say saw gummy bears running around the house?
What did Kaban say is not a major problem?
Whose problem were the parent fears?
Who had hallucinations?
Who said Jennifer except early in the treatment when she had hallucinations ?
Who did the tumor keep from closing her mouth?
What is the drug?
What is Dr. Judah Folkman head of at Children's Hospital in Boston?
Who said that she can have implants put in when she's older?
What was interferon alpha made by?
What did Folkman reason, ``You could give interferon alpha at a low dose every day'' without causing the side effects can trigger in large doses?
What had recent research shown that interferon alpha could shut down?
What did Kaban say it is not?
What do the LaChances live in Lincoln It is believed to be the first time with?
Who had a treatment that could potentially help Jennifer without having the drastic side effects of radiation therapy?
What did Jennifer have?
What did the drug knock out?
Who is 9?
Who reasoned, ``You could give interferon alpha at a low dose every day'' without causing the side effects it can trigger in large doses?
Who said the half of Jennifer's jaw that had been removed grew back during her year of therapy: whether the interferon was responsible is not clear?
Who said, ``That was a tough time for us''?
What was Radiation?
What shrank?
Who were hemangiomas in?
What are angiogenesis inhibitors in because they show enormous promise for treating cancer by starving it of its blood supply?
Who resorted to removing half her lower jaw in hopes of getting it all?
Who had pioneered the use of drugs that can treat tumors rich in blood vessels recruit from nearby tissues?
What grew normally?
Who feared it would stunt growth in one side of Jennifer's face while the other side grew normally?
What did every parent fears eventually prove to be a large, aggressive tumor in in a scenario?
What did we have?
What had shown that interferon alpha could shut down overproduction of FGF?
Who is their oral surgeon?
What do Pediatrics, Folkman, Kaban, and colleagues describe how the tumor was finally beaten with a yearlong regimen of a drug in?
Who did her mother say saw gummy bears running around the house?
What did he suspect?
What did doctors have?
What grew back?
What do BOSTON _ started with an earache?
What do they show enormous promise for treating cancer by starving it of?
What contained many times the normal amount of FGF?
What did Jennifer's mother say Jennifer had?
Who says Interferon is one of the weaker angiogenesis inhibitors?
What did Kaban say is not clear?
What was made by the body's immune system?
What do the LaChances live in Lincoln with?
What did her mother say Jennifer except early in when she had hallucinations ?
What does Folkman say Interferon is one of?
What did Kaban say?
What do the LaChances live in Lincoln It is believed to be the first time that a giant-cell tumor of the jaw has been cured with?
What did Kaban say Monday ?
Who said the half of Jennifer's jaw that had been removed grew back during Jennifer's year of therapy: whether the interferon was responsible is not clear?
What is doctors's oral surgeon Dr. Leonard Kaban of?
What was the tumor laced with?
What did it work well in by being given over a long period?
Who did her mother say had few side effects?
What did you not know?
What is Jennifer still missing?
What were in children?
What did Dr. Judah Folkman suspect?
What is interferon alfa-2a?
Who said one side of Jennifer's face is not a major problem?
Whose tumor did Dr. Judah Folkman suspect?
What were her teeth pushed out of?
Whose missing jawbone has regrown?
What was secreting FGF?
What does Folkman say since then, the treatment has been used successfully in?
What did Kaban say that she can have?
What kept her from closing her mouth?
What do they show?
What did every parent fears eventually prove to be a large, aggressive tumor in her jaw in?
Who has discussed the case to rapt audiences at medical meetings?
Who is Dr. Leonard Kaban of Massachusetts General Hospital?
Who said the drugmaker has no plans to change its marketing practices or prices?
What did Consalvo say the drugmaker has?
Who charge that Schering's bundling strategy has made it difficult for people to experiment with different drug combinations and dosages?
What do some patient advocates charge with?
What does the company claim more than 80 percent of?
Who would not disclose her supplier of ribavirin?
Who reflected both a growing demand among HCV patients as well as some use for treating cancer and other conditions?
Who reported worldwide sales of $719 million for the two drugs last year?
What did Betty Stein say has been tested and found to be pure?
Who said, ``It's anticompetitive''?
What did Schering reflect?
What did the Pittsburgh pharmacy say as?
What did he also say of?
What do chronic carriers often go decades without?
What has announced plans to fill prescriptions nationwide for the anti-viral drug ribavirin?
What did he also say that patients need to be wary of?
Where has Schering-Plough been the sole source of ribavirin?
What do european authorities force Schering to seek to market each product individually?
What is the anti-viral drug ribavirin used by?
What was ribavirin?
What is offering the anti-viral drug at $1. 25 per 200-mg capsule?
What is the hepatitis C virus, or HCV, typically spread through?
What has Schering-Plough been in the United States?
What did Schering's spokesman say?
What is considered the best treatment now available for most patients?
Whose spokesman said the company is convinced that its package is the safest, most convenient way to make the drugs available?
What is sold only as part of a kit that also include's the company's proprietary brand of interferon Other forms of interferon are available from different manufacturers?
Who was Brian Klein?
What is called Intron A.?
What was specifically approved only as a combination product by the U. S. Food and Drug Administration?
Who said the drugmaker has no plans to change that's marketing practices or prices?
What has Fisher's Specialized Pharmacy Services in Pittsburgh announced?
What has the New Jersey-based drugmaker also generated complaints of?
What did the Pittsburgh pharmacy say holds all the necessary licenses to fill mail-order prescriptions as a so-called ``compounding'' pharmacy?
Who does the hepatitis C virus, or HCV, now infect?
What was the HCV drug kit specifically approved only as a combination product by?
What plans to fill capsules as individual prescription orders are received starting after midnight July 8?
What do some patient advocates charge that Schering's bundling strategy has made difficult for people to experiment with different drug combinations and dosages?
Who was Robert Consalvo?
What did the Pittsburgh pharmacy say it holds all the necessary licenses to fill as a so-called ``compounding'' pharmacy?
What does the pharmacy plan to fill as individual prescription orders are received starting after midnight July 8?
What did the group issue nationwide e-mail alerts this week announcing the new source of?
What was complete with the Pittsburgh pharmacy's toll-free phone number and Web site?
Who said the company is convinced that its package is the safest, most convenient way to make the drugs available?
What was Brian Klein a San Francisco leader of?
What did Robert Consalvo also say that patients need to be wary of?
When do chronic carriers often go without symptoms?
What works out to about one-fifth the cost of the same drug obtained in the Schering-Plough combination kit?
What is preparing to do battle against drug giant Schering-Plough Corp. for a stake in the burgeoning market for hepatitis C treatments?
Who added?
Who was a San Francisco leader of a national patients group called the Hepatitis C Action and Advocacy Coalition?
What does the company claim?
What did Schering's spokesman say is convinced that its package is the safest, most convenient way to make the drugs available?
What was the HCV drug kit specifically approved only as by the U. S. Food and Drug Administration?
What have banned such practices by contrast?
What did she say?
What did the Pittsburgh pharmacy say it holds to fill mail-order prescriptions as a so-called ``compounding'' pharmacy?
Who said, ``Schering's bundling strategy's anticompetitive''?
Whose spokesman was Robert Consalvo?
What now infects an estimated 4 million Americans?
What generates a lasting response in fewer than half of those who try it?
What is the combination considered?
What does the ribavirin-interferon combination generate in fewer than half of those who try it?
What is the mail-order pharmacy offering the anti-viral drug at?
What was that application approved by just last month?
What is the mail-order pharmacy offering at $1. 25 per 200-mg capsule?
What has been the sole source of ribavirin in the United States?
What claims more than 80 percent of the HCV drug market?
What would Betty Stein not disclose her supplier of?
What is ribavirin sold only as?
When are individual prescription orders received starting after midnight?
What do european authorities force Schering to seek approval to market individually?
Whose bundling strategy do some patient advocates charge with?
What has the New Jersey-based drugmaker also generated?
What did the Pittsburgh pharmacy refer to?
What does the ribavirin-interferon combination generate a lasting response in?
Who did Consalvo say has no plans to change its marketing practices or prices?
What have been diagnosed?
Who has also generated complaints of high prices and overly aggressive marketing tactics?
Who would Betty Stein not disclose?
What may chronic carriers often eventually develop?
What does that work out to?
What did Schering's spokesman say the company is convinced?
Whose Specialized Pharmacy Services in Pittsburgh has announced plans to fill prescriptions nationwide for the anti-viral drug ribavirin?
What did Schering's spokesman say the company is convinced that its package is?
Who did Consalvo say has no plans to change that's marketing practices or prices?
What is used by growing numbers of hepatitis C patients in combination with the drug interferon?
How many estimated Americans does the hepatitis C virus, or HCV, now infect?
Who said the product has been tested and found to be pure?
Who often may eventually develop severe liver damage?
What are received starting after midnight July 8?
What is typically spread through contact with contaminated blood?
What did the Pittsburgh pharmacy say it holds all the necessary licenses to fill mail-order prescriptions as?
What did Robert Consalvo also say of?
Who was Schering's spokesman?
What has Schering-Plough been the sole source of ribavirin in?
When was that application approved by European regulators?
What have european authorities banned such practices by?
What did Betty Stein say?
What have european authorities banned by contrast?
What did Consalvo say?
Who often go decades without symptoms?
What was approved by European regulators just last month?
What referred to the specialized practice of preparing individual drug orders?
What said it holds all the necessary licenses to fill mail-order prescriptions as a so-called ``compounding'' pharmacy?
What did she say has been tested and found to be pure?
What did the group issue nationwide e-mail alerts this week announcing?
Who do european authorities force to seek approval to market each product individually?
What force Schering to seek approval to market each product individually?
What issued nationwide e-mail alerts this week announcing the new source of ribavirin?
What has Schering-Plough been the sole source of in the United States?
Whose version of Ribavirin did Calhoun say liver specialists at the University of Texas Medical Branch in Galveston said tests have established to?
What did Calhoun say to?
Who have expressed concern that the high costs of the two drugs could have a serious impact on the prison health-care budget?
Who was the HMO's medical director?
Who also said he was contacted recently by an attorney in the Texas attorney general's office?
What is the month's supply compared to?
What did Schering-Plough respond that the drug had been tested for this purpose only with?
Who was a spokesman for the attorney general's office?
What did Bob Consalvo say to?
Who was Galveston one of?
Whose brand of alpha interferon was Ribavirin available for treatment of hepatitis C only as part of a kit marketed by Schering-Plough Corp.?
Who did Kerrish also say by?
What is the pharmacy charging?
Who did Kerrish also say was contacted recently by an attorney in the Texas attorney general's office?
What have officials expressed concern?
Who was Ted Delisi?
What was Don Kerrish?
Who said that the lower costs will make the combination therapy possible to provide the treatment to many more?
How many Texas prison inmates did Calhoun say are receiving combination therapy?
Who did Don Kerrish say the pharmacy began looking for alternative ways to supply after realizing that many patients were unable to afford the Rebetron kit?
What would many of those prisoners not be candidates for treatment for?
What was one of the partners in the prison system's managed health-care contract?
Who was a co-owner of Fisher's?
Who told him that the office was ``looking at investigating Schering-Plough'' for possible violations of anti-trust laws?
What did Don Kerrish say began looking for alternative ways to supply patients with Ribavirin after realizing that many patients were unable to afford the Rebetron kit?
What did Kerrish say the attorney asked him questions about the drugs used to treat hepatitis C. In?''
Who said the prison system was purchasing Rebetron for about $14,700?
Who was a drug manufacturer based in Madison?
Who said the agency could not comment on its response to Schering-Plough's complaint?
Who was N. J.?
What was Madison?
What is compared to $1,040 per month when the drug is purchased as part of the Schering-Plough kit?
What did Calhoun say that the lower costs will make it possible to provide to many more?
What did Calhoun say liver specialists at the University of Texas Medical Branch in Galveston said tests have established to?
What did an FDA spokeswoman say on?
What did Ted Delisi say?
What is almost $18,000 per patient?
What was Ribavirin available for treatment of hepatitis C only as part of a kit marketed by Schering-Plough Corp.?
What did Calhoun say only about 20 Texas prison inmates are receiving?
What was Ribavirin available for treatment of hepatitis C only as part of a kit marketed by Schering-Plough Corp. is Schering-Plough's brand of alpha interferon?
What did an FDA spokeswoman say could not comment on its response to Schering-Plough's complaint?
What did Calhoun say that the lower costs will make it possible to provide the treatment to?
Who did Calhoun say said tests have established that the drug supplied by Fisher's is identical to Schering-Plough's version of Ribavirin?
Who responded that the drug had been tested for this purpose only with its brand of interferon?
What was Schering-Plough Corp.?
What is the retail cost of the two drugs?
What did Schering-Plough respond for?
What did Bob Consalvo say has not been subjected to the rigorous tests necessary to demonstrate that it is safe and effective in combination with interferon?
Who said, ``That means we can treat more than twice as many patients for the same cost''?
Who said?
What did Don Kerrish say the pharmacy began looking for to supply patients with Ribavirin after realizing that many patients were unable to afford the Rebetron kit?
What did he say, ``That means''?
What do HOUSTON _ In a move that could save millions of dollars, health-care contractors for the Texas prison system are purchasing?
What did Bob Consalvo say the compounded Ribavirin that Fisher's is selling has not been subjected to the rigorous tests necessary to demonstrate in combination with interferon?
What did Bob Consalvo say the compounded Ribavirin that Fisher's is selling has not been subjected to in combination with interferon?
Who have criticized Schering-Plough for refusing to ``unbundle'' the two drugs so that patients could use Ribavirin with another brand of interferon?
What was Ribavirin available for treatment of hepatitis C only as part of a kit marketed by Schering-Plough Corp. The other drug in the kit is?
Who said that the lower costs will make it possible to provide the treatment to many more?
What did an FDA spokeswoman say the agency could not comment on?
What did Don Kerrish say the pharmacy began looking for alternative ways to supply patients with Ribavirin after realizing?
Who was a spokesman for Schering-Plough?
Who said that the office's policy is never to confirm or deny investigations?
What did Calhoun say that the lower costs will make possible to provide the treatment to many more?
Whose version of Ribavirin did Calhoun say to?
Who said the pharmacy began looking for alternative ways to supply patients with Ribavirin after realizing that many patients were unable to afford the Rebetron kit?
What did Calhoun say?
What is charging $225 for a month's supply?
What do HOUSTON _ In?
Who was Dr. Jason Calhoun?
Who was Bob Consalvo?
Who did Calhoun say the prison system was purchasing for about $14,700?
What was Don Kerrish a co-owner of?
What did Kerrish say In?''
What have officials expressed concern that the high costs of the two drugs could have?
Whose version of Ribavirin did Calhoun say liver specialists at the University of Texas Medical Branch in Galveston said to?
What did Calhoun say that the lower costs will make the combination therapy possible to provide to many more?
What was Ribavirin available for treatment of hepatitis C only as The other drug in the kit is Schering-Plough's brand of alpha interferon?
What did Schering-Plough respond that the drug had been tested for only with its brand of interferon?
What did Calhoun say that the lower costs will make the combination therapy possible to provide the treatment to?
What have officials expressed that the high costs of the two drugs could have a serious impact on the prison health-care budget?
Who would not be candidates for treatment for various reasons?
What did Calhoun say the prison system was purchasing Rebetron for?
Who was Galveston?
Who would many of those prisoners not be for various reasons?
What expired recently?
Who did Kerrish also say he was contacted recently by?
What did the attorney in the Texas attorney general's office tell him for?
Who did Fisher's begin ``compounding'' from in July?
What did Calhoun say for?
What did Calhoun say liver specialists at the University of Texas Medical Branch in Galveston said tests have established that the drug supplied by Fisher's is identical to?
Who did Calhoun say are receiving combination therapy?
What did the attorney in the Texas attorney general's office tell Don Kerrish for?
What did Calhoun say was purchasing Rebetron for about $14,700?
What did Kerrish say the attorney asked him In?''
Who did the attorney in the Texas attorney general's office tell that the office was ``looking at investigating Schering-Plough'' for possible violations of anti-trust laws?
Who told Don Kerrish that the office was ``looking at investigating Schering-Plough'' for possible violations of anti-trust laws?
What did Don Kerrish say for?
What was Ribavirin available for only as part of a kit marketed by Schering-Plough Corp. The other drug in the kit is Schering-Plough's brand of alpha interferon?
Who have some doctors and patient groups criticized for refusing to ``unbundle'' the two drugs so that patients could use Ribavirin with another brand of interferon?
Who said only about 20 Texas prison inmates are receiving combination therapy?
What did Calhoun say liver specialists at the University of Texas Medical Branch in Galveston said to?
Who said Monday ``We are very pleased with the results at the Boston hospital?''
Who said, ``Folkman was the first time it had done something other than grow''?
Who had been ``sent home to die''?
What have been inconclusive?
Who is also effective in blocking a substance some tumors secrete?
What do the tumors secrete signal the body to grow?
What had folkman prescribed nightly injections of interferon alpha passed?
What does Maryland-based Entremed Inc. make?
When did Tonya Kalesnik's doctor go to a Folkman lecture?
Who addressed a standing-room-only crowd at the American Society of Clinical Oncology meeting?
What does Folkman not directly oversee?
What are called hemangiomas?
Who did patients begin receiving in the Boston study in October?
What did Tonya Kalesnik's doctor go to at a time when specialists had tried every treatment they knew but failed to halt her tumor's growth?
What did the tumor shrink by?
Whose tumor kills through sheer size?
What was interferon alpha?
Who await results of the endostatin trials?
What slowly strangles them, or at least halts their growth unlike standard cancer drugs that attack tumors directly?
Who makes endostatin?
Who does not directly oversee the trials?
What was constant and excruciating pain?
What has barely been dented as they await results of the endostatin trials?
When did he say ``We are very pleased with the results at the Boston hospital?''
What is taking a break from her freshman year at the University of Vermont?
What was an infection-fighting substance that is a weak angiogenesis inhibitor?
Who was one of the most dramatic cases that of?
What was Kalesnik's tumor called?
Who said, ``It does not matter if it takes a long time. . .''?
Who went to a Folkman lecture at a time when specialists had tried every treatment they knew but failed to halt her tumor's growth?
How many reports did Folkman say have been disclosed on tests of angiogenesis inhibitors in cancer?
What did Folkman say also responded well to interferon treatment?
What did Folkman show with enormous, disfiguring tumors that are made of thousands of blood vessels?
What was Kalesnik's tumor of?
Who were children?
Who believes Tonya Kalesnik may be able to stop taking the drug within a few months?
Who is free of cancer?
What is also effective in blocking a substance some tumors secrete?
Who also disclosed the results of other cases in which so-called angiogenesis inhibitors have proved to be powerful cancer fighters?
How many months ahead of the other centers was October?
When was two months ahead of the other centers?
What did Kalesnik's doctor get in?
What work slowly?
Who said about 40 reports have been disclosed on tests of angiogenesis inhibitors in cancer?
What began to shrink after months of treatment with an angiogenesis inhibitor?
Who said Monday that in about 80 cancer patients, the drugs destroyed growths that would have killed them?
What is she free of?
What did Kalesnik say in a telephone interview?
Who said the standard way of conducting initial clinical trials may not be appropriate?
What shrank by about 80 percent?
Who showed slides of infants with enormous, disfiguring tumors that are made of thousands of blood vessels?
What did Folkman say have been disclosed on tests of angiogenesis inhibitors in cancer?
What did some show promise that will be explore in?
What did a scientist predict in 1998 that Folkman would cure within two years?
What had she been ``sent to die''?
Who began receiving endostatin in the Boston study in October?
What do investors await?
What was incontinent?
What did Folkman develop?
What are growths?
Who did Folkman urge not to be discouraged if the drugs do not work right away?
What did he also disclose in which so-called angiogenesis inhibitors have proved to be powerful cancer fighters?
Who did Folkman say Monday that in, the drugs destroyed growths that would have killed them?
When was October?
Who said, ``It was the first time it had done something other than grow''?
What did Kalesnik say in in a telephone interview?
When did patients begin receiving endostatin in the Boston study?
What did Kalesnik say, ``Folkman was the first time than''?
Who developed endostatin in Boston labs?
What grew?
Who were about 80 cancer patients?
What did Folkman say these life-threatening growths also responded well to?
What had passed that doctors observed that the tumor seemed to have stabilized?
Who said her legs were increasingly numb as the tumor grew in a telephone interview?
What did he also disclose the results of in which so-called angiogenesis inhibitors have proved to be powerful cancer fighters?
What do they await results of?
Who have been closely following the development of endostatin and Folkman's progress ever since a scientist predicted in 1998 that Folkman would cure cancer within two years?
What has also saved many children with life threatening growths?
What had folkman prescribed nightly injections of interferon alpha passed that doctors observed?
Who did Folkman say Monday in?
What has Interferon also saved many children with life?
Who predicted in 1998 that Folkman would cure cancer within two years?
When did a scientist predict in 1998?
What slowly strangles the tumor, or at least halts their growth unlike standard cancer drugs that attack tumors directly?
Whose doctor went to a Folkman lecture at a time when specialists had tried every treatment they knew but failed to halt her tumor's growth?
Who did Kalesnik say was in constant and excruciating pain in a telephone interview?
Who said, ``a standing-room-only crowd does not matter if it takes a long time. . .''?
Who got in touch with Folkman?
What were of which endostatin is one?
What was of a type that does not spread through the body?
What did that report send the stock in Maryland-based Entremed Inc. into?
What signal the body to grow more blood vessels?
What did Kalesnik say were increasingly numb as the tumor grew in a telephone interview?
What did Folkman also disclose in which so-called angiogenesis inhibitors have proved to be powerful cancer fighters?
How many cancer patients were children?
When did Folkman seem to hint that the drug's effectiveness improves over time?
What does Kalesnik's tumor kill through?
What did Kalesnik say, ``It was the first time than''?
What cut off the tumor's blood supply, or at least halts their growth unlike standard cancer drugs that attack tumors directly?
What did he say also responded well to interferon treatment?
What await results of the endostatin trials?
What did Kalesnik say her legs were increasingly numb as the tumor grew in?
When did a scientist predict that Folkman would cure cancer within two years?
Whose tumor was of a type that does not spread through the body?
What had worked?
What is Kalesnik taking at the University of Vermont?
Who said Monday ``investors are very pleased with the results at the Boston hospital?''
What is Kalesnik taking a break from her freshman year at?
Who said?
What was October two months ahead of?
What do the tumors secrete signal to grow more blood vessels?
Who said these life-threatening growths also responded well to interferon treatment?
Who does Folkman believe may be able to stop taking the drug within a few months?
What did Folkman address a standing-room-only crowd at?
What did Folkman show slides of infants with?
What produce substances that tell the body to create more blood vessels?
What do the life-threatening growths produce?
When did Folkman say ``investors are very pleased with the results at the Boston hospital?''
What was that of a Vermont teenager who in 1998 had a volleyball-sized pelvic tumor that resisted all therapies?
What did her doctor go to at a time when specialists had tried every treatment they knew but failed to halt her tumor's growth?
What did Folkman address at the American Society of Clinical Oncology meeting?
Who urged specialists not to be discouraged if the drugs do not work right away?
What did he say these life-threatening growths also responded well to?
Who has Interferon also saved threatening growths?
What do they await?
When did the growth begin to shrink?
When did Folkman seem to hint Monday that the drug's effectiveness improves?
What did Folkman also disclose the results of in which so-called angiogenesis inhibitors have proved to be powerful cancer fighters?
What has not happened?
What explored in wider testing?
When does Folkman believe?
What did patients begin receiving endostatin in in October?
Whose tumor was called a giant cell tumor?
Who believes she may be able to stop taking the drug within a few months?
Who did that report send the stock in into a tailspin?
What did Folkman say?
When did a scientist predict in 1998 that Folkman would cure cancer?
Who said she was in constant and excruciating pain in a telephone interview?
What did Kalesnik say she was in constant and excruciating pain in?
What did Folkman say on?
What was called a giant cell tumor?
When did her doctor go to a Folkman lecture?
When have investors been closely following the development of endostatin and Folkman's progress ever since a scientist predicted in 1998?
What did Folkman say Monday that in about 80 cancer patients, the drugs destroyed?
What did that report send in Maryland-based Entremed Inc. into a tailspin?
What was one of the most dramatic cases?
What sent the stock in Maryland-based Entremed Inc. into a tailspin?
When did Folkman say that in about 80 cancer patients, the drugs destroyed growths that would have killed them?
Who seemed to hint Monday that the drug's effectiveness improves over time?
Who did Folkman show slides of with enormous, disfiguring tumors that are made of thousands of blood vessels?
Whose doctor got in touch with Folkman?
What do investors await results of?
When did Folkman seem to hint Monday?
What did Kalesnik say she was in in a telephone interview?
What kills through sheer size?
What did Folkman say may not be appropriate?
What did Folkman say about 40 reports have been disclosed on?
Who did experts say is a protein internationally acknowledged as efficacious for the treatment of liver diseases?
What was Biotechnology listed among in March 1986?
What has BEIJING started to put into mass production?
What did he discover for the first time?
What is May 22-- China?
What did China list among its top eight fields for scientific and technological development in 1978?
Who was set up in 1993 under the State Science and Technology Commission?
What did China list biotechnology among in 1978?
When is BEIJING?
When did he discover that the white blood cells of Chinese people will produce ``a 1'' type instead of ``a 2'' type interferons?
Who was China's largest genetic engineering medicine production base?
Who did experts say is a protein isolated from human cells?
What are another dozen such drugs under?
What did experts say Interferon is?
Who Bioproducts Co.?
What was listed among the top seven pioneering sciences in March 1986?
When was Ltd set up under the State Science and Technology Commission?
Who said Interferon is a protein internationally acknowledged as efficacious for the treatment of liver diseases?
What was Ltd set up in 1993 under?
What has put onto the market five genetic engineering drugs?
When was Biotechnology listed among the top seven pioneering sciences?
What was China's first interferon research lab established under in the early 1980s?
Who subsequently succeeded in developing recombinant a-1b interferon-- the first interferon expressed by a gene isolated from healthy Chinese leukocyte cells?
What has started to put into mass production a genetic engineering drug which can effectively treat liver diseases?
When did China list biotechnology among its top eight fields for scientific and technological development?
What did a leading scientist in the ``863'' plan discover for the first time that the white blood cells of Chinese people will produce?
What has BEIJING started to put into a genetic engineering drug which can effectively treat liver diseases?
Who discovered for the first time that the white blood cells of Chinese people will produce ``a 1'' type instead of ``a 2'' type interferons?
What are under research?
What listed biotechnology among its top eight fields for scientific and technological development in 1978?
What was Ltd?
What did he discover for the first time that the white blood cells of Chinese people will produce ``a 1'' type instead of?
What has China put onto?
Who does the Shenzhen Kexing bioproducts?
What did a leading scientist in the ``863'' plan discover for the first time?
What did he discover for the first time that the white blood cells of Chinese people will produce?
Who said Interferon is a protein isolated from human cells?
What is the United States?
What does interferon-based therapy work only in?
What are expected to have fewer side-effects compared to interferons that cause fever and lethargy?
Who are expected to have fewer side-effects compared to interferons that cause fever and lethargy?
What do about 70 percent of the patients not benefit from?
When are their results expected to be out?
When are phase II trials's results expected to be out?
What have the drugs completed Phase I and Phase II trials for?
What have completed Phase I and Phase II trials for safety and efficacy?
What commenced a year ago?
What works only in one-third of the cases?
What were the trials conducted by?
Who are they expected to have compared to interferons that cause fever and lethargy?
What did Thomas say experts are also working on?
Who do not benefit from it?
Who did Thomas say are also working on an improved modified vaccine for hepatitis-B?
What is Europe and Southeast Asia?
What were conducted by a team of 20 investigators?
Who do not benefit from one-third of the cases?
What have the drugs completed for safety and efficacy?
Who said experts are also working on an improved modified vaccine for hepatitis-B?
What are expected to be out in 1997?
What are currently undergoing Phase III multi-centric trials in the United States?
Who said?
What does one approach?
What does Hepatitis C cause 8,000 to 10,000 deaths a year in?
What eventually become responsible for greater mortality than AIDS?
What do some studies also indicate in?
What did Di Bisceglie say the antiviral drug interferon had reduced symptoms in?
What did Dr Adrian Di Bisceglie write in most developed countries, 1e to 2 percent of the population is infected with?
What do deaths eventually become responsible for greater mortality than?
What do some studies also indicate that longer therapy lasting a year to 18 months may achieve a sustained response in?
What do deaths eventually become responsible for than AIDS?
Who said the antiviral drug interferon had reduced symptoms in up to 20 percent of patients with hepatitis C who were treated for six months?
What is now the major reason for liver transplantation in adults in most countries?
What will eighty-five percent of people infected with the virus in most cases develop a chronic hepatitis and of these as many as 20 percent eventually develop?
What did an American expert say today in LONDON is now being recognized as a major public health problem worldwide?
What does one approach 15 percent of?
What is predominantly a blood borne disease?
What do some studies also indicate that longer therapy lasting a year to 18 months may achieve in as many as 30 percent of treated patients?
What approaches 15 percent of the general population?
What did Di Bisceglie say had reduced symptoms in up to 20 percent of patients with hepatitis C who were treated for six months?
What disappears from the blood in some cases?
What was January 30-- Hepatitis C?
What will develop a chronic hepatitis and of these as many as 20 percent eventually develop cirrhosis?
What did an American expert say today in The Lancet medical journal LONDON is now being recognized as worldwide?
What does Hepatitis C cause 8,000 to in the United States?
What will eighty-five percent of people infected with the virus in most cases develop eventually develop cirrhosis?
What are higher in some parts of eastern Europe and in Africa?
What did Di Bisceglie say in?
What does the virus disappear from the blood in?
What is liver disease caused by hepatitis C now?
What did Dr Adrian Di Bisceglie write in, 1e to 2 percent of the population is infected with the virus?
Where does Hepatitis C cause 8,000 to 10,000 deaths a year?
What also indicate that longer therapy lasting a year to 18 months may achieve a sustained response in as many as 30 percent of treated patients?
What did an American expert say today in The Lancet medical journal is now being recognized as a major public health problem worldwide?
What does the virus disappear from in some cases?
When did an American expert say in The Lancet medical journal LONDON is now being recognized as a major public health problem worldwide?
Who said today in The Lancet medical journal LONDON is now being recognized as a major public health problem worldwide?
What did Di Bisceglie say the antiviral drug interferon had reduced in up to 20 percent of patients with hepatitis C who were treated for six months?
Who added?
What does Hepatitis C cause to 10,000 deaths a year in the United States?
When was LONDON?
Who wrote in most developed countries, 1e to 2 percent of the population is infected with the virus?
What is reduced?
What did Dr Adrian Di Bisceglie write in most developed countries, is infected with the virus?
What is Hepatitis C predominantly a blood borne?
What causes 8,000 to 10,000 deaths a year in the United States?
Who said?
What is it now approximately 40 percent with with the combination?
Where is interferon approved in 1991?
What did researchers in Canada discover a new combination of to treat the disease?
What did 43 percent of those who undergone 48 weeks of combination therapy have undetectable levels of alone six months after treatment?
What has not been approved for official use in Canada?
What is it available throughout?
What is available throughout the country?
Who was Morris Sherman?
What are the benefits generally not long lasting as less than 15 percent of the patients achieve after the treatment?
When did 43 percent of those who undergone 48 weeks of combination therapy have undetectable levels of the virus alone?
What is the key drug available throughout?
What is Hepatitis C?
What is now approximately 40 percent with these drugs with the combination?
When is now approximately 40 percent with these drugs with the combination?
What has the key drug involved not been approved for?
What is approved in Canada in 1991?
Who did Dr. Sherman conduct his study with as part of an international group of researchers from the United States?
What may OTTAWA have a better chance of after researchers in Canada discovered a new combination of drugs to treat the disease?
What is interferon?
What did researchers in Canada discover a new combination of drugs to treat?
Who said, ``This is a major advance in the treatment of hepatitis C''?
What was compared to 19 percent of those on interferon?
What are the benefits generally not long lasting as less than 15 percent of the patients achieve complete remission after?
What is interferon approved in in 1991?
Who were more likely to be free of hepatitis C than they would be if they accepted the traditional drug treatment of interferon six months after treatment?
What was Australia, Greece and Canada?
What is it now with these drugs with the combination?
What did Dr. Sherman conduct with 832 patients in Canada as part of an international group of researchers from the United States?
What are about 250,000 Canadians infected with as AIDS?
When is the traditional drug approved in Canada?
What is the traditional drug?
What did researchers in Canada discover to treat the disease?
What has helped in 40 percent of the cases?
Who conducted his study with 832 patients in Canada as part of an international group of researchers from the United States?
Who discovered a new combination of drugs to treat the disease?
Where is the traditional drug approved in 1991?
What is the traditional drug approved in in 1991?
When is interferon approved in Canada?
Who was an assistant professor in medicine at the University of Toronto?
What may OTTAWA have after researchers in Canada discovered a new combination of drugs to treat the disease?
What was the United States?
What is the success rate for treatment now approximately 40 percent with these drugs with?
Prior to these studies what was the success rate for treatment somewhere around?
Who may have a better chance of a cure after researchers in Canada discovered a new combination of drugs to treat the disease?
What is the success rate for treatment now with these drugs with the combination?
What is a blood-borne virus spread in the same way?
Prior to these studies when was somewhere around 15 to 20 percent?
What did 43 percent of those who undergone 48 weeks of combination therapy have alone six months after treatment?
When were patients who received the two-drug combination more likely to be free of hepatitis C than they would be if they accepted the traditional drug treatment of interferon?
What are about 250,000 Canadians infected with hepatitis C as?
What did Dr. Sherman conduct his study with 832 patients in Canada as?
What was the virus compared to?
What is it now approximately 40 percent with these drugs with?
What are the benefits generally not long lasting as achieve complete remission after the treatment?
What had undetectable levels of the virus alone six months after treatment?
What has the traditional drug helped in?
What are generally not long lasting as less than 15 percent of the patients achieve complete remission after the treatment?
Who are infected with hepatitis C as AIDS?
What is the success rate for treatment now approximately 40 percent with with the combination?
What are nearly 4 million people believed to have hepatitis C from the disease each year in?
Where are nearly 4 million people believed to have hepatitis C from the disease each year?
What is the leading cause of chronic liver disease?
What will eventually relapse?
Who are rid of all signs of the virus?
What are nearly 4 million people believed to have hepatitis C from in the United States?
What is the virus?
When was WASHINGTON?
What is the virus the leading cause of?
What are nearly 4 million people believed to have from the disease each year in the United States?
What did WASHINGTON-- U. S. doctors said against, say the Washington Post?
What are believed to have hepatitis C from the disease each year in the United States?
When is being interferon the only treatment?
What is being interferon for the time?
How many people are believed to have hepatitis C from the disease each year in the United States?
What are only 15 percent to 20 percent of patients who get interferon rid of?
What is the only treatment for the time?
What said the Washington Post?
What was November 21?
