When were calls to authorities by The Associated Press seeking comment on the reports not immediately returned?
Who disappeared after ditching the truck at a campground that leads into the mountains and areas honeycombed with caves?
Who did Rudolph reportedly tell that he has a great hiding place?
What is Rudolph on?
What did authorities say Eric Rudolph took a truck and a six-month supply of food from last week?
What do aNDREWS _ suspect Eric Rudolph after authorities said he took a truck and a six-month supply of food from a home last week?
When were the other attacks in Atlanta at an abortion clinic in January 1997 and at a gay nightclub?
Who did ABC News report Tuesday the man Rudolph took the food from was?
What did Rudolph reportedly tell this man that he has?
What placed Rudolph on its 10 most wanted list on May 6?
What did ABC News report Tuesday?
What cited FBI sources?
Who is charged in the Jan. 29 bombing of the New Woman All Women clinic?
Who operates a health food store?
What did authorities say from?
What is at the southern tip of the Appalachians?
Who did the FBI place on its 10 most wanted list on May 6?
What did members of the Southeast Bombing Task Force converge on this area near the tip of western North Carolina with?
Who say Eric Rudolph robbed Rudolph was seen Thursday by the man?
What did NBC News also report that Rudolph left money for the food and a list of items?
Who did authorities say took a truck and a six-month supply of food from a home last week?
Who converged on this area near the tip of western North Carolina with bloodhounds and extra manpower?
When did Rudolph's friend wait before calling the sheriff?
Who said he took a truck and a six-month supply of food from a home last week?
What did NBC News also report that Rudolph left for the food and a list of items he wanted but did not get?
What did the FBI place Rudolph on on May 6?
When do officials say Eric Rudolph robbed Rudolph was seen by the man?
Who do officials say he robbed was seen Thursday by the man?
Who did Police say Rudolph stole the truck and the food from?
Who say he robbed Rudolph was seen Thursday by the man?
Whose friend waited 24 hours before calling the sheriff?
How many hours did Rudolph's friend wait before calling the sheriff?
What did members of the Southeast Bombing Task Force converge on with bloodhounds and extra manpower?
What did the FBI increase to dlrs 1 million for anyone with information leading to Eric Rudolph's arrest and conviction?
Who is on the run nearly six months following the Alabama bombing?
When did ABC News report the man Rudolph took the food from was a friend?
Who was named a suspect in the clinic bombing?
Who reportedly told this man that he has a great hiding place?
What is the area where Rudolph disappeared at?
What is Rudolph charged in?
What do Federal agents also want to question him about?
What did NBC News also report for?
Citing FBI sources what did the network say for?
Who also want to question Eric Rudolph about similar bombings in Atlanta?
Who are North Carolina?
Who is a 31-year-old outdoorsman and carpenter?
Who waited 24 hours before calling the sheriff?
What did the FBI increase the reward to with information leading to his arrest and conviction?
What are aNDREWS?
What was he named?
Who did ABC News report Tuesday was a friend?
Citing FBI sources who did the network say left him money to pay for the supplies?
Citing FBI sources what said Rudolph left him money to pay for the supplies?
Who did Police say stole the truck and the food from the man?
Who also want to question him about similar bombings in Atlanta?
What said Rudolph stole the truck and the food from the man?
Who do officials say Eric Rudolph robbed Rudolph was seen Thursday by?
What does the man operate?
What increased the reward to dlrs 1 million for anyone with information leading to his arrest and conviction?
What reported Tuesday the man Rudolph took the food from was a friend?
What has the reward for information leading to Eric Rudolph's capture grown to?
What do aNDREWS _ The manhunt intensified again for abortion clinic bombing suspect Eric Rudolph after authorities said from?
What also reported that Rudolph left money for the food and a list of items he wanted but did not get?
When did the FBI place Rudolph on its 10 most wanted list?
Where is the area where Rudolph disappeared?
Who did NBC News also report that Rudolph left money for the food and a list of items wanted but did not get?
Who do officials say robbed Rudolph was seen Thursday by the man?
What did the FBI increase the reward to with information leading to Eric Rudolph's arrest and conviction?
Who is Rudolph?
What did the FBI increase the reward to dlrs 1 million for anyone with leading to his arrest and conviction?
Who do Federal agents also want to question about similar bombings in Atlanta?
What was Eric Rudolph named?
When do officials say he robbed Rudolph was seen by the man?
What were not immediately returned Tuesday night?
Who has evaded a nationwide search?
What has grown to dlrs 1 million?
Who did Police say from?
Who said Eric Rudolph took a truck and a six-month supply of food from a home last week?
What do Federal agents also want to question Eric Rudolph about?
Who do officials say Eric Rudolph robbed was seen Thursday by the man?
What increased the reward to dlrs 1 million for anyone with information leading to Eric Rudolph's arrest and conviction?
What were at an abortion clinic in January 1997 and at a gay nightclub in February 1997?
What did the FBI increase to dlrs 1 million for anyone with information leading to his arrest and conviction?
What has Rudolph evaded?
Who do officials say he robbed Rudolph was seen Thursday by?
Citing FBI sources what did the network say Rudolph left him money to pay for?
What did the network cite?
What did Rudolph reportedly tell this man?
Where did members of the Southeast Bombing Task Force converge with bloodhounds and extra manpower?
What did NBC News also report that Rudolph left money for he wanted but did not get?
What has the reward for information leading to his capture grown to?
Who also is wanted for questioning three bombings in Georgia?
What did the FBI increase the reward to dlrs 1 million for anyone with leading to Eric Rudolph's arrest and conviction?
What did authorities say he took a truck and a six-month supply of food from last week?
What did Police say Rudolph stole from the man?
What were not discussing Rudolph on Sunday?
What was found inside the packages sent to the clinics?
What was Femcare one of several clinics nationwide last month that received packages said to contain?
What has Rudolph been on since the Jan. 29 bombing of a Birmingham abortion clinic that killed an off-duty police officer and severely wounded a nurse?
What has Eric Rudolph been in?
What is about 75 miles east of the mountainous area where Rudolph is believed to be hiding?
Whose office in Asheville is a news conference scheduled for Monday morning at?
What did several FBI agents work on Sunday?
Who were they not discussing on Sunday?
What was ASHEVILLE?
What suspect Eric Rudolph?
What is scheduled for Monday morning at the U. S. attorney's office in Asheville?
What has Eric Rudolph been charged in?
Who escorted news crews closer to the bombing scene Sunday?
Who has been charged in that bombing?
What was Femcare one of several clinics nationwide last month?
What did ASHEVILLE not discount here?
What has he been in?
What did the bomb explode early Saturday morning at?
What has Rudolph been on the run since?
Who was one of several clinics nationwide last month that received packages said to contain the potentially deadly bacterium anthrax?
Who do serial bombing suspect?
When did the bomb explode at the Femcare Clinic?
What was nothing found inside?
Who worked the scene outside the one-story brick building that houses the Femcare Clinic on Sunday?
Who does most of the speculation center on?
When were authorities not discussing Rudolph?
What is the clinic about 75 miles east of?
When is a news conference scheduled at the U. S. attorney's office in Asheville?
What did Asheville Police Sgt. Randy Riddle escort news crews closer to Sunday?
What only partially detonated?
What did not discount a possible connection between a bombing at an abortion clinic here?
Who were authorities not discussing on Sunday?
Who said, ``The investigation is still going on''?
Who has been on the run since the Jan. 29 bombing of a Birmingham abortion clinic that killed an off-duty police officer and severely wounded a nurse?
Who were not discussing Rudolph on Sunday?
What centers on Rudolph?
What was N. C. -- Authorities?
What has he been charged in?
Who has been in three Atlanta attacks?
What is a news conference scheduled for Monday morning at?
What exploded early Saturday morning at the Femcare Clinic?
What was injured?
When were they not discussing Rudolph?
When did several FBI agents work the scene outside the one-story brick building that houses the Femcare Clinic?
What did U. S. Attorney Mark Calloway say ``We have''?
What was hurt in the blast?
Who was an agent with the Bureau of Alcohol, Tobacco and Firearms?
What said Monday that they are not ruling him out, either?
Who said the powerful bomb could have ``devastated the entire end of the building and gone into the building approximately 40 to 60 feet?''
What said Monday that Federal investigators are not ruling Eric Rudolph out, either?
What did the bomb partially detonate on Saturday morning outside the Femcare Clinic in?
What was Richard Fox?
What was ASHEVILLE?
Who has been on the run since the January 1998 bombing of a Birmingham abortion clinic that killed an off-duty police officer and severely wounded a nurse?
What was N. C. -- Federal investigators?
What is Eric Rudolph charged in?
When did ASHEVILLE say that Federal investigators have no evidence connecting fugitive bombing suspect Eric Rudolph to an explosion at an abortion clinic over the weekend?
Where did the bomb partially detonate on Saturday morning outside the Femcare Clinic?
When did ASHEVILLE say that they are not ruling him out, either?
What has Rudolph been on since the January 1998 bombing of a Birmingham abortion clinic that killed an off-duty police officer and severely wounded a nurse?
What did ASHEVILLE say Monday that Federal investigators have?
Who is charged in that bombing and three Atlanta attacks?
Who did U. S. Attorney Mark Calloway say ``have no evidence''?
What has Rudolph been on the run since?
When did ASHEVILLE say that Federal investigators are not ruling Eric Rudolph out, either?
What did U. S. Attorney Mark Calloway say ?
Who did ASHEVILLE say Monday that they are not ruling out, either?
What did ASHEVILLE say Monday that they have?
What caused little damage other than leaving black marks on the outside of the one-story brick building?
What did U. S. Attorney Mark Calloway say ``Federal investigators have''?
What said Monday that they have no evidence connecting fugitive bombing suspect Eric Rudolph to an explosion at an abortion clinic over the weekend?
When did ASHEVILLE say that they have no evidence connecting fugitive bombing suspect Eric Rudolph to an explosion at an abortion clinic over the weekend?
Who said ``We have no evidence''?
What did the blast cause?
What said Monday that Federal investigators have no evidence connecting fugitive bombing suspect Eric Rudolph to an explosion at an abortion clinic over the weekend?
What is he charged in?
What did ASHEVILLE say Monday?
What did Richard Fox say could have ``devastated the entire end of the building and gone into the building approximately 40 to 60 feet?''
Who said ``Federal investigators have no evidence''?
Who did ASHEVILLE say Monday that Federal investigators are not ruling out, either?
What did Richard Fox say into?''
What was no one hurt in?
What are complaints about helicopters flying over church and about being stopped by uniformed officers all the time looking to modify those resources to?
What did Director Louis Freeh say, ``complaints about helicopters flying over church and about being stopped by uniformed officers all the time do feel''?
What did Taylor say wonder how long the FBI is going to be in there?
What are complaints about helicopters flying over church and about being stopped by uniformed officers all the time looking to modify to some degree in terms of downsizing?
Who are hunting for fugitive Eric Robert Rudolph in the 530,000-acre Nantahala National Forest?
Who did Freeh tell?
What did Freeh say: We are very sensitive to?
What do investigators also suspect in?
What does my office get?
What did Freeh testify before?
What are looking to modify those resources to some degree in terms of downsizing?
What gets complaints about helicopters flying over church and about being stopped by uniformed officers all the time?
What did Taylor say complaints about helicopters flying over church and about being stopped by uniformed officers all the time wonder?
What do investigators also suspect he was involved in?
Who was R-N?
What does Taylor serve on?
Who said they wonder how long the FBI is going to be in there?
Who. . . try to be as low-profile as you can be conducting a search like this?
Who said, ``We do feel that our presence there has prevented him from committing more bombings''?
Who also suspect he was involved in a January 1998 explosion that killed a policeman and maimed a nurse at the New Woman All Women Health Care in Birmingham?
What are we looking to modify those resources to?
When did Director Louis Freeh say?
Who has been charged in three Atlanta-area bombings in which a woman died?
Who did Taylor say wonder how long the FBI is going to be in there?
What is the 530,000-acre Nantahala National Forest?
Who do the two federal agencies have a total of?
Who said Wednesday?
What is a rugged area at the state's western tip?
What did Taylor say they wonder?
Who said some residents of the area are feeling a little overwhelmed?
What is Ala.?
Who said: complaints about helicopters flying over church and about being stopped by uniformed officers all the time are very sensitive to the community?
Who said complaints about helicopters flying over church and about being stopped by uniformed officers all the time wonder how long the FBI is going to be in there?
What did he say, ``We do feel''?
Who testified before the panel?
What are about 100 investigative officers from the FBI, the Bureau of Alcohol, Tobacco and Firearms and local sheriffs departments hunting for fugitive Eric Robert Rudolph in?
What was Rep. Charles Taylor?
What did Freeh say: are very sensitive to the community?
How many federal agencies have a total of about 50 investigators on the case?
What did Freeh say: complaints about helicopters flying over church and about being stopped by uniformed officers all the time are very sensitive to?
What have a total of about 50 investigators on the case?
Who did Freeh say: are very sensitive to the community?
Who are looking to modify those resources to some degree in terms of downsizing?
Who can be conducting a search like this?
What do the two federal agencies have?
What do investigators also suspect fugitive Eric Robert Rudolph was involved in?
Who said: We are very sensitive to the community?
What are we looking to modify to some degree in terms of downsizing?
What is Birmingham?
Who serves on the House Appropriations Committee's panel on commerce, justice, state and judiciary?
What does my office get complaints about?
Who did Rep. Charles Taylor say are feeling a little overwhelmed?
What has Rudolph been charged in in which a woman died?
Who told lawmakers?
Who joked that they must have run into Rudolph while riding the horse trails leading to Nantahala Lake?
How many break-ins over the winter did Woody Enderson say investigators were studying in which food, toilet paper and other supplies were stolen in March?
Who said in a brief conversation with a visitor to his shop last week, ``It's been a year since all this baloney started''?
What did the search teams explore deep in the mountains?
Where did scores of law enforcement officers converge?
What Rudolph rented a video in nearby Murphy that night, bought?
What had ebbed as the thick summer foliage and heat rendered much of the task force's high-tech equipment useless by last July?
What remain to follow up leads?
What were filed?
How many volunteers did James ``Bo'' Gritz lead into the woods to try to find Rudolph in August?
What Rudolph rented a video in nearby Murphy that night, bought a large cache of?
What wants Rudolph to get his day in court?
What do all that's left up here get?
Who quickly became the prime suspect when nails and other evidence were found in his home, pickup truck and a rented mini-warehouse?
Who did he say leave him alone?
What did Eric Rudolph drive off in?
Who did George Nordmann say leave him alone?
What was posted for information leading directly to Eric Rudolph's arrest?
Where was his truck found a few miles away with a note left on the front seat?
Who do not know a task force source's side yet?
What did Eric Rudolph collect?
Who did George Nordmann say federal agents leave alone?
What did George Nordmann say in last week, ``the truck's been a year since all this baloney started''?
Who does Cope want to get his day in court?
What is Rudolph?
Who was N. C. -- It was a year ago that serial bombing suspect Eric Rudolph slipped through a police dragnet?
Whose brief encounter with Rudolph did Nordmann say?
What did Nordmann say changed his life?
What did Rudolph put on the map early in 1998?
What was Sam?
What converged on the area?
Whose brief encounter with Rudolph did Nordmann say changed his life?
What was ANDREWS N. C. -- It was a year ago through?
What did he collect?
Who did searchers find his pickup truck several days later outside?
Who found Eric Rudolph's pickup truck outside Andrews several days later?
What was ANDREWS?
What was Eric Rudolph charged in?
Who wanted only shower?
Who collected oatmeal, batteries, dried fruit, cayenne pepper and other items?
Who has left the area?
Who are the occasional helicopter flyovers?
What left empty-handed?
Who was residents's horse?
What was a reward of $1 million posted for leading directly to his arrest?
Who was Woody Enderson?
Who reappeared?
When did George Nordmann say in a brief conversation with a visitor to his shop, ``the truck's been a year since all this baloney started''?
What did they explore caves deep in?
What was found at a campground a few miles away with a note left on the front seat?
Who loaded up on food and gear at an acquaintance's home?
What did he drive off in?
Who get a hot lead?
Who was charged in three Atlanta-area bombings?
Who wanted only shave?
How many days did Nordmann wait before notifying authorities?
What did James ``Bo'' Gritz lead about 40 volunteers into to try to find Rudolph in August?
Who is 32?
What is all we have one side of?
Whose capture or proof did a task force source say?
Who visited Nordmann, and everything changed?
What did some 200 law enforcement officers soon return to?
What explored caves deep in the mountains?
Who did James ``Bo'' Gritz lead into the woods to try to find Rudolph in August?
Who did Macon County Deputy Kenny Cope know when all that's left up here were growing up?
Who continues to work behind the counter at a health food store in downtown Andrews?
What do investigators also suspect in?
Who did Rudolph quickly become when nails and other evidence were found in his home, pickup truck and a rented mini-warehouse?
What did Macon County Deputy Kenny Cope later help?
What do we not know yet?
Who did he say federal agents leave alone?
What did Nordmann say?
Whose pickup truck did searchers find outside Andrews several days later?
Who was James ``Bo'' Gritz?
What are the federal agents in the restaurants and at weekend flea markets?
What does Bonanno work for?
Who explored caves deep in the mountains?
What were Pat Bonanno and Ronnie Davis loading onto a trailer after camping about 200 feet from where Nordmann's truck was discovered at the Bob Allison Campground?
Who found his pickup truck outside Andrews several days later?
What did Woody Enderson say in March?
Who did Macon County Deputy Kenny Cope know when they were growing up?
Who said investigators were studying about a dozen break-ins over the winter in which food, toilet paper and other supplies were stolen in March?
Who waited two days before notifying authorities?
What is all we have?
What has a task force source left?
Who said, ``All that's left up here are some investigators''?
What is guilty or not?
What was George Nordmann's truck found at a campground a few miles away with?
What do the Clay County Sheriff not know yet?
What was Woody Enderson leader of?
Who said Eric Rudolph's brief encounter with Rudolph changed his life?
What is Birmingham?
Who has been charged in three Atlanta-area bombings?
Who do not know his side yet?
Who has impressed Cope with his resiliency?
Who left empty-handed?
What was his truck found at a campground a few miles away with?
What does Cope want Rudolph to get his day in?
What have residents learned to take in stride-- the large task force command post behind the town hospital?
Who soon returned to the woods?
When did Task force leaders say?
What has left the area?
What get a hot lead?
Who or hate him?
What did search teams aided by tracking dogs try to pick up?
Who said Rudolph watched local resident George Nordmann's ridgetop home 10 miles east of town for several days before approaching it on July 7,1998?
What was he charged in?
Who joked that the Clay County Sheriff must have run into Rudolph while riding the horse trails leading to Nantahala Lake?
Who works part-time at a barber shop in nearby Warren?
Who said the mission will not be dismantled until Rudolph's capture or proof he has left the area?
Who did James ``Bo'' Gritz lead about 40 volunteers into the woods to try to find in August?
Who set about tracking Eric Rudolph down for questioning?
Whose Department does Bonanno work for?
What was his truck found at a few miles away with a note left on the front seat?
Who is guilty or not?
Who later helped search for Eric Rudolph?
Who did searchers find Eric Rudolph's pickup truck several days later outside?
Who knew Rudolph when all that's left up here were growing up?
When did Nordmann wait before notifying authorities?
Who drove off in the truck?
What did Woody Enderson say investigators were studying in which food, toilet paper and other supplies were stolen in March?
Who did Rudolph visit?
What does Bonanno work part-time at?
Who has Rudolph impressed with his resiliency?
Where was George Nordmann's truck found a few miles away with a note left on the front seat?
What do investigators also suspect he was involved in?
Who rented a video in nearby Murphy that night, bought a large cache of food and supplies?
Who was leader of the Southeast Bomb Task Force?
Whose truck was found at a campground a few miles away with a note left on the front seat?
What has Rudolph impressed Cope with?
What is all the Clay County Sheriff have?
Who set about tracking him down for questioning?
What had the manhunt ebbed as useless by last July?
Who put this small mountain community on the map early in 1998?
Who have learned to take it all in stride-- the large task force command post behind the town hospital?
What was George Nordmann's truck found at a few miles away with a note left on the front seat?
Who was the former Green Beret colonel and leader of the right-wing Patriot Movement?
What was ANDREWS N. C. -- It was a year ago that serial bombing suspect through?
What did searchers find outside Andrews several days later?
What tried to pick up Rudolph's trail?
What has he left?
Who have tracking dogs, 200 searchers and infrared-equipped helicopters failed to find in the dense mountain forests?
Who led about 40 volunteers into the woods to try to find Rudolph in August?
Who did Bonanno joke that they must have run into while riding the horse trails leading to Nantahala Lake?
What did Bonanno say, ``I swear before''?
What did he say in last week, ``It's been a year since all this baloney started''?
How many volunteers left empty-handed?
What has grown steadily cold?
What do now only a dozen police remain to follow up?
What did Nordmann say his brief encounter with Rudolph changed?
What did a task force source say?
What did the search teams explore caves deep in?
When does Cope want Rudolph to get in court?
What does Nordmann continue to work behind?
Who said federal agents leave him alone?
Who said his brief encounter with Rudolph changed his life?
Who later helped search for him?
How many police remain to follow up leads?
Who was placed on the FBI's 10 most wanted list?
Who cruised the ridgetops day and night?
What did Bonanno say, ``a task force source swear before''?
What did search teams aided by tracking dogs disappear into?
Who did Bonanno joke into?
When did Rudolph put this small mountain community on the map?
What do they get?
Whose ridgetop home 10 miles east of town for several days did Task force leaders say on?
What did ANDREWS load up on at an acquaintance's home?
What did a task force source say will not be dismantled until Rudolph's capture or proof he has left the area?
What is all the Clay County Sheriff have one side of?
When did Helicopters cruise?
What did he leave?
What did scores of law enforcement officers converge on?
When did Woody Enderson say investigators were studying about a dozen break-ins over the winter in which food, toilet paper and other supplies were stolen?
When did James ``Bo'' Gritz lead about 40 volunteers into the woods to try to find Rudolph?
What do investigators also suspect Eric Rudolph was involved in?
What was a truck seen near the explosion site traced to hours after the Birmingham clinic bombing on Jan. 29,1998?
Who was their horse?
What did Nordmann say Eric Rudolph's brief encounter with Rudolph changed?
Who did Bonanno joke that the Clay County Sheriff must have run into while riding the horse trails leading to Nantahala Lake?
When did he say in a brief conversation with a visitor to his shop, ``It's been a year since all this baloney started''?
Who works for the Clay County Sheriff's Department?
Who did Woody Enderson say were studying about a dozen break-ins over the winter in which food, toilet paper and other supplies were stolen in March?
What was a reward of $1 million posted for leading directly to Eric Rudolph's arrest?
What have failed to find Rudolph in the dense mountain forests?
What was Rudolph placed on?
What did they explore deep in the mountains?
When had the manhunt ebbed as the thick summer foliage and heat rendered much of the task force's high-tech equipment useless?
What disappeared into the thick forests?
Who knew Rudolph when they were growing up?
What is Ala.?
What did Rudolph put this small mountain community on early in 1998?
Who left $500?
Whose trail did search teams aided by tracking dogs try to pick up?
What is one side of the story?
Who said, ``I swear I 've seen him before all this''?
What was posted for information leading directly to his arrest?
What has Rudolph been charged in?
What was traced to Rudolph hours after the Birmingham clinic bombing on Jan. 29,1998?
What did ANDREWS load up on food and gear at?
What started?
Who said, ``a task force source swear I 've seen him before all this''?
Who said in a brief conversation with a visitor to his shop last week, ``the truck's been a year since all this baloney started''?
When was a truck seen near the explosion site traced to Rudolph?
What have tracking dogs, 200 searchers and infrared-equipped helicopters failed to find Rudolph in?
What did Eric Rudolph leave?
What was arriving for work when a bomb exploded Jan. 29 outside New Woman All Women Health Care?
What are Emily Lyons and her husband also seeking in the suit against Rudolph?
What has Lyons undergone?
Who said, ``She feels very strongly that he should never profit from his conduct involving the clinic''?
Who are also seeking damages in the suit against Rudolph?
Who did the blast kill?
Where has law enforcement searched for Rudolph for more than two years, focusing near his home?
What has law enforcement searched for Rudolph for more than two years, focusing on remote areas in western North Carolina near?
What did they file the suit against Rudolph Thursday in?
Who is charged in six bombings that killed one person and injured 100 others?
What was Lyons arriving for when a bomb exploded Jan. 29 outside New Woman All Women Health Care?
Who did her attorney say-- is suing fugitive suspect Eric Robert Rudolph?
Who is Jeff?
Who was Scott Powell?
What lost her left eye?
What is Rudolph charged in?
Who was her attorney?
Who is Emily Lyons and her husband?
What filed the suit against Rudolph Thursday in federal court?
What has searched for Rudolph for more than two years, focusing on remote areas in western North Carolina near his home?
What has law enforcement searched for Rudolph for more than two years, focusing on near his home?
What are Emily Lyons and her husband also seeking damages in?
What has undergone numerous operations?
What killed an off-duty Birmingham policeman?
Who said-- A nurse who was seriously injured in the 1998 bombing of a Birmingham abortion clinic is suing fugitive suspect Eric Robert Rudolph?
Who has law enforcement searched for for more than two years, focusing on remote areas in western North Carolina near his home?
Who filed the suit against Rudolph Thursday in federal court?
When has law enforcement searched for Rudolph, focusing on remote areas in western North Carolina near his home?
What did Lyons lose?
What did damages file the suit against Rudolph Thursday in?
Who did her attorney say-- A nurse who was seriously injured in the 1998 bombing of a Birmingham abortion clinic is suing?
When do investigators also suspect he was involved, explosion that killed a policeman and maimed a nurse at a clinic that performs abortions in Birmingham?
Who did Steven McCraw say stopped actively searching in the woods in August?
What was a truck seen near the explosion site traced to hours after the Birmingham bombing?
Who is charged in three Atlanta-area bombings in which a woman died?
What did the perpetrator not leave?
What was Steven McCraw?
What was Steven McCraw head of?
What was his truck found several days later near?
Who said Rudolph may have been involved in a February 1999 break-in at a restaurant?
Who say the perpetrator might have left the region?
What have dogs, searchers and infrared-equipped helicopters failed to find Rudolph, an Army veteran and survivalist, in?
What was Murphy?
When did he say Agents stopped actively searching in the woods?
When did Steven McCraw say?
What do ANDREWS-- The task force that has hunted serial bombing suspect Eric Rudolph for two years will dismantle by the end of June?
What have some people in the area said from?
What have some people in the area said believe Rudolph may have gotten help from sympathetic locals?
What is Rudolph charged in in which a woman died?
What do investigators also suspect he was involved in the 1998, ?
What is ANDREWS?
Who said Monday?
Who was head of the Southeast Bomb Task Force?
Who say he might have left the region?
What was found near here several days later?
What do others say he might have left?
Who do investigators also suspect was involved in the 1998, explosion that killed a policeman and maimed a nurse at a clinic that performs abortions in Birmingham?
Who have some people in the area said they believe may have gotten help from sympathetic locals?
What has been offered for information leading to his arrest?
What did McCraw say in?
What did McCraw take?
What do ANDREWS-- The task force that has hunted serial bombing suspect by?
Who said Agents stopped actively searching in the woods in August?
Who is N. C.?
What was traced to Rudolph hours after the Birmingham bombing?
What has a $1 million reward been offered for leading to the perpetrator's arrest?
What did Steven McCraw say Agents stopped actively searching in in August?
What was N. C.?
What has a $1 million reward been offered for leading to his arrest?
What was Eric Rudolph for two years's truck found several days later near?
Who do ANDREWS-- The task force that has hunted serial bombing suspect will dismantle its command post in the rugged Southern Appalachians by the end of June?
When did Steven McCraw say Agents stopped actively searching in the woods?
What is Rudolph?
What have failed to find Rudolph, an Army veteran and survivalist, in the dense mountain forests?
Who do others say might have left the region?
What has been offered for information leading to the perpetrator's arrest?
What do others say?
Who have dogs, searchers and infrared-equipped helicopters failed to find in the dense mountain forests?
Who did not leave any fingerprints or other forensic evidence?
Who did he say stopped actively searching in the woods in August?
What do ANDREWS-- The task force that has hunted serial bombing suspect Eric Rudolph for two years will dismantle its command post in the rugged Southern Appalachians by?
What is Ala.?
What have some people in the area said they believe Rudolph may have gotten from sympathetic locals?
Who is 33?
What have said they believe Rudolph may have gotten help from sympathetic locals?
When do investigators also suspect?
What did he say Agents stopped actively searching in in August?
Who suspect Eric Rudolph for two years will dismantle its command post in the rugged Southern Appalachians by the end of June?
Who did McCraw say may have been involved in a February 1999 break-in at a restaurant?
Who have some people in the area said believe Rudolph may have gotten help from sympathetic locals?
Who also suspect he was involved in the 1998, explosion that killed a policeman and maimed a nurse at a clinic that performs abortions in Birmingham?
What do others say the perpetrator might have left?
What have some people in the area said they believe from?
What did McCraw say Rudolph may have been involved in?
What do investigators also suspect Eric Rudolph for two years was involved in the 1998, ?
What is Birmingham?
Who took the job?
When was a truck seen near the explosion site traced to Rudolph?
Who said?
What have some people in the area said they believe Rudolph may have gotten help from?
Who is charged in three Atlanta-area bombings in which a woman died?
Who said they wanted to find someone who was willing to go up on the ridge tops at night and listen?
What did Task force leader Steven McCraw insist at the time would continue?
What did the Southeast Bomb Task Force allow hunters into the same woods were searching in 1998 at the height of the search?
When were more than 200 agents searching the rugged landscape for Rudolph?
What is Rudolph charged in in which a woman died?
What was in July 1998?
What has been offered for information leading to Eric Rudolph's arrest?
What is far smaller?
What suspect Eric Rudolph eluded a manhunt for more than two years?
Where did the task force announce it was vacating its command post in March?
When did the task force announce it was vacating its command post in the mountain town of Andrews?
Who has?
Who also suspect he was involved in the 1998 explosion that killed a policeman and maimed a nurse at the New Woman All Women Health Care clinic in Birmingham?
What did Stevens say the scouts typically were paid by the FBI?
Who was Lt. Mike Stevens of the North Carolina Wildlife Commission approached by federal agents last fall as?
What do investigators also suspect he was involved in?
What has been offered for information leading to his arrest?
What did McCraw say in?
What did the scouts only want?
When did Task force leader Steven McCraw insist the search would continue?
Who do CHARLOTTE suspect eluded a manhunt for more than two years?
What did the task force announce it was vacating its command post in in March?
What is Rudolph?
What were pretty much grasping for straws?
What did the Southeast Bomb Task Force allow hunters into the same woods in 1998 at the height of the search?
What announced it was vacating its command post in the mountain town of Andrews in March?
What did Stevens say by?
Who did Stevens say typically were paid between $15 and $20 an hour by the FBI?
What allowed hunters into the same woods agents were searching in 1998 at the height of the search?
What did he say wanted to find someone who was willing to go up on the ridge tops at night and listen?
When do CHARLOTTE suspect Eric Rudolph eluded a manhunt?
What did they only want?
What do CHARLOTTE suspect Eric Rudolph eluded for more than two years?
When was the last confirmed Rudolph sighting?
Who did McCraw say believe Rudolph may have been involved in a February 1999 break-in at a local restaurant?
What did they only want locals who knew the lay of?
Who did Lt. Mike Stevens of the North Carolina Wildlife Commission say think it was worthwhile?
What did the task force announce was vacating its command post in the mountain town of Andrews in March?
What is this not the first time to?
What is this not the first time agents have turned to for help in the Rudolph manhunt?
Where did the task force announce in March?
What have authorities had in tracking down the experienced backwoodsman?
What did Lt. Mike Stevens of the North Carolina Wildlife Commission say I think?
What is this not agents have turned to the public for help in the Rudolph manhunt?
What's the latest tactic employed by authorities?
Who was approached by federal agents last fall to help recruit hunters and other outdoorsmen to serve as part-time scouts?
What have had no luck in tracking down the experienced backwoodsman?
What began paying the fees months ago?
Who did someone who was willing to go up on the ridge tops at night and listen say the scouts wanted to find?
Who said the scouts wanted to find someone who was willing to go up on the ridge tops at night and listen?
Who were pretty much grasping for straws?
Who said I think it was worthwhile?
Who did the Southeast Bomb Task Force allow into the same woods agents were searching in 1998 at the height of the search?
What is this not the first time agents have turned to the public for?
What does it's?
What has a $1 million reward been offered for leading to Eric Rudolph's arrest?
What do investigators also suspect in?
What did the task force announce it was vacating in the mountain town of Andrews in March?
What did the task force announce in in March?
What only wanted locals who knew the lay of the land?
How many agents were searching the rugged landscape for Rudolph at the time?
Who have not been any more successful in finding Rudolph than anything else the agents have tried?
When was Lt. Mike Stevens of the North Carolina Wildlife Commission approached by federal agents to help recruit hunters and other outdoorsmen to serve as part-time scouts?
Who said the scouts typically were paid between $15 and $20 an hour by the FBI?
What do investigators also suspect Eric Rudolph was involved in?
What did Task force leader Steven McCraw insist at the time?
What did McCraw say investigators believe Rudolph may have been involved in?
What does CHARLOTTE's?
What did the Southeast Bomb Task Force allow hunters into the same woods agents were searching in 1998 at?
Who was Lt. Mike Stevens of the North Carolina Wildlife Commission approached by federal agents last fall to help recruit hunters and other outdoorsmen to serve as?
What did the Southeast Bomb Task Force allow hunters into agents were searching in 1998 at the height of the search?
What is CHARLOTTE?
What has a $1 million reward been offered for leading to his arrest?
Who was Lt. Mike Stevens of the North Carolina Wildlife Commission approached by federal agents last fall to help to serve as part-time scouts?
What is N. C.?
Who did he say they wanted to find?
What is this not the first time have turned to the public for help in the Rudolph manhunt?
Who did he say wanted to find someone who was willing to go up on the ridge tops at night and listen?
What have the scouts not been any more successful in finding Rudolph than anything else?
When did the Southeast Bomb Task Force allow hunters into the same woods agents were searching at the height of the search?
Who disappeared into the western North Carolina wilderness?
Who said investigators believe Rudolph may have been involved in a February 1999 break-in at a local restaurant?
What is Ala.?
When do CHARLOTTE suspect?
Who is 33?
What were they pretty much grasping for?
Who was Lt. Mike Stevens of the North Carolina Wildlife Commission approached by last fall to help recruit hunters and other outdoorsmen to serve as part-time scouts?
What did Lt. Mike Stevens of the North Carolina Wildlife Commission say I think was worthwhile?
What did the FBI begin paying months ago?
What did Stevens say the scouts typically were paid between $15 and $20 an hour by?
What did the scouts only want locals who knew the lay of?
What were the scouts pretty much grasping for?
Who only wanted locals who knew the lay of the land?
What did Rudolph disappear into?
What is not the first time agents have turned to the public for help in the Rudolph manhunt?
What were searching the rugged landscape for Rudolph at the time?
What is Birmingham?
Who insisted at the time the search would continue?
What did McCraw say investigators believe in?
Who did McCraw say investigators believe may have been involved in a February 1999 break-in at a local restaurant?
What were more than 200 agents searching at the time?
What injured 111 people?
What did they say he was last seen?
Where did the law enforcement official say the truck apparently was not 18 hours before it was found?
Who said ``Federal officials 've said all along that we had strong reason to believe that Eric Rudolph was in this area that he was acting alone''?
Who did Woody Enderson say the fugitive took a blue 1977 Nissan pickup truck from?
What also were tracking the fugitive?
What were seven people injured in on Jan. 27,1997?
Who did he say also took a large amount of food from the resident?
Who was the resident described as?
Who did the authorities say provided a description that enabled them to produce a new sketch of the previously clean-shaven Rudolph?
Who was found?
What did the official also say that authorities found a note inside explaining who it belonged to, and they identified the handwriting as Rudolph's?
How many people did that explosion injure?
What do we now know for?
What did Woody Enderson say the fugitive took from the occupant of the residence?
Who was a picnic area in the Nantahala National Forest?
What have investigators said although Rudolph has only been formally charged in the Birmingham bombing, forensic evidence suggests for?
What did a law enforcement official say?
What did the authorities say?
Who have before?
When did Enderson say that the man identified as Rudolph had appeared on Thursday at a residence near Nantahala Lake, not far from where Rudolph once lived?
What did Woody Enderson sound reassured by the discovery in?
Who did he say the fugitive took a blue 1977 Nissan pickup truck from?
Who did he say from?
Who also is wanted for questioning in three bombings in the Atlanta area in 1996 and 1997?
When were seven people injured in a pair of explosions?
Who did the FBI place on its list of the 10 most wanted fugitives?
What did the official say was found, abandoned at the Bob Allison Campground?
What were injured in a pair of explosions on Jan. 27,1997?
What did he sound reassured by the discovery in?
Who had Federal officials long said assumed that Rudolph was hiding in the familiar woods near his home?
What were injured in a Feb. 21 bombing at a gay nightclub in midtown Atlanta?
Who was an avid outdoorsman who has been described as a survivalist?
What did Enderson say ``We 've said all along that we had strong reason to believe that Eric Rudolph was in this area''?
Where did the law enforcement official say?
What were five injured in a Feb. 21 bombing at?
Who did camouflage fatigues say was last seen wearing camouflage fatigues, a camouflage jacket and gloves?
Who said, ``We are confident that we are dealing with Eric Robert Rudolph''?
Who said that the resident did not report the truck as stolen until several days later?
Who said, ``camouflage fatigues are confident that we are dealing with Eric Robert Rudolph''?
What had Federal officials long said assumed that Rudolph was hiding in the familiar woods near his home?
Who was described as the owner of a health food store?
Who was the FBI agent who directs the multiagency Southeast Bombing Task Force?
Who was Woody Enderson?
Who has only been formally charged in the Birmingham bombing?
Who did he say took a blue 1977 Nissan pickup truck from the occupant of the residence?
Who did it mean on?
What did the law enforcement official say at?
What did the FBI offer leading to Eric Robert Rudolph's arrest?
What did Woody Enderson say, ``We think we have the resources''?
What were five injured in at a gay nightclub in midtown Atlanta?
What had Federal officials long said in?
How many people were injured in a pair of explosions on Jan. 27,1997?
What did Woody Enderson say Rudolph also took from the resident?
Who did Woody Enderson say Rudolph also took a large amount of food from?
What was found?
What did he sound reassured by that Rudolph apparently spent the last five months in the hills of western North Carolina?
What have investigators said although Rudolph has only been formally charged in the Birmingham bombing, forensic evidence suggests that he may have been responsible for as well?
What was Jan. 27,1997?
What did he not identify?
What did Woody Enderson sound reassured by that Rudolph apparently spent the last five months in the hills of western North Carolina?
What did Enderson say by?
What did the official also say that authorities found inside the truck explaining who it belonged to, and they identified the handwriting as Rudolph's?
What did Enderson say ``We 've said all along''?
Who declined to say specifically whether the resident knew Rudolph?
Who is Rudolph?
What did the FBI offer leading to his arrest?
What did he say Rudolph also took from the resident?
Who said ``We 've said all along that we had strong reason to believe that Eric Rudolph was in this area that he was acting alone''?
Who was Rudolph?
Who was N. C.?
Who did Enderson say ``'ve said all along that we had strong reason to believe that Eric Rudolph was in this area that he was acting alone''?
What did federal investigators say from at a news conference in Andrews?
Who knew Rudolph?
When was outside a building housing?
Who said it was found, broken down at the Bob Allison Campground?
Who said that his troops had been energized by the sighting of Rudolph?
Who said Rudolph also took a large amount of food from the resident?
Who had long said they assumed that Rudolph was hiding in the familiar woods near his home?
Who spoke on the condition of anonymity?
How many last months did Woody Enderson sound reassured by the discovery that Rudolph apparently spent in the hills of western North Carolina?
Who also said that authorities found a note inside the truck explaining who it belonged to, and they identified the handwriting as Rudolph's?
Who said the truck apparently was not at the picnic area 18 hours before it was found?
Who said the extent of the association was found, broken down at the Bob Allison Campground?
Who sounded reassured by the discovery that Rudolph apparently spent the last five months in the hills of western North Carolina?
What said he was last seen wearing camouflage fatigues, a camouflage jacket and gloves?
Who did Woody Enderson say from?
Who did the official say it was found, broken down at?
When was an abortion clinic in the Atlanta suburbs?
Who is a 31-year-old carpenter with ties to extremist religious groups?
Who did the bombing seriously injure?
What did Enderson say ``Federal officials 've said all along that we had''?
What did Enderson say ``Federal officials 've said all along''?
What did Enderson say ``We 've said all along that we had strong reason to believe in''?
What did Enderson say that his troops had been energized by?
Who did the official say the extent of the association was found, abandoned at?
Who did Woody Enderson say took a blue 1977 Nissan pickup truck from the occupant of the residence?
What did that explosion injure?
Who did the official say it was found, abandoned at?
Who now know for sure that we are able to focus in on a much smaller area than we have before?
What offered a $1 million reward for information leading to Eric Robert Rudolph's arrest?
How many last months did he sound reassured by the discovery that Rudolph apparently spent in the hills of western North Carolina?
What have investigators said although Rudolph has only been formally charged in the Birmingham bombing, suggests that he may have been responsible for the Atlanta bombings as well?
What did the law enforcement official say apparently was not at the picnic area 18 hours before it was found?
Who was the North Carolina license plate on the man's truck traced to?
What did Woody Enderson say Rudolph also took a large amount of from the resident?
Where did Enderson say ``We 've said all along that we had strong reason to believe''?
Who did they say was last seen wearing camouflage fatigues, a camouflage jacket and gloves?
What placed Rudolph on its list of the 10 most wanted fugitives?
Who said the extent of the association was found, abandoned at the Bob Allison Campground?
What did the authorities say the resident provided?
What did he sound reassured by the discovery that Rudolph apparently spent the last five months in?
What did Woody Enderson sound reassured by the discovery that Rudolph apparently spent the last five months in?
When did he sound reassured by the discovery that Rudolph apparently spent in the hills of western North Carolina?
What did he say the fugitive took from the occupant of the residence?
What has Rudolph only been formally charged in?
What did camouflage fatigues say Woody Enderson was last seen?
Who said that the man identified as Rudolph had appeared on Thursday evening at a residence near Nantahala Lake, not far from where Rudolph once lived?
What did the official say was found, broken down at the Bob Allison Campground?
Who did the resident know?
What did he say Rudolph also took a large amount of from the resident?
What did federal investigators say that the team of agents pursuing Eric Robert Rudolph would be more than doubled from its previous size of 35 at?
What did Enderson say ``Federal officials 've said all along that we had strong reason to believe in''?
What killed an off-duty policeman who was working as a security guard at the clinic?
Where did Enderson say ``Federal officials 've said all along that we had strong reason to believe''?
Who did witnesses see?
Who did he say Rudolph also took a large amount of food from?
What was the Bob Allison Campground?
What did Enderson decline to say specifically?
Who did the Bob Allison Campground mean on?
What said Woody Enderson was last seen wearing camouflage fatigues, a camouflage jacket and gloves?
When did Woody Enderson sound reassured by the discovery that Rudolph apparently spent in the hills of western North Carolina?
What had Federal officials long said they assumed that Rudolph was hiding in the familiar woods near?
Who said that the team of agents pursuing Eric Robert Rudolph would be more than doubled from its previous size of 35 at a news conference in Andrews?
What did Enderson say ``Federal officials 've said all along that we had strong reason to believe that Eric Rudolph was in this area''?
What had Federal officials long said they assumed in?
Who did that explosion kill?
When did Enderson say?
What did Woody Enderson say, ``We think''?
What did the FBI place Rudolph on?
Who now know for sure that he's in this area?
Who said the resident provided a description that enabled them to produce a new sketch of the previously clean-shaven Rudolph?
What did Woody Enderson not identify?
Who did not the residence identify?
What meant that Rudolph has less than a day's head start on his pursuers?
What was traced to Rudolph?
What did the law enforcement official speak on?
Who said it was found, abandoned at the Bob Allison Campground?
What did Enderson say ``We 've said all along that we had''?
Who did Woody Enderson say also took a large amount of food from the resident?
Who said the fugitive took a blue 1977 Nissan pickup truck from the occupant of the residence?
Who said he was last seen wearing camouflage fatigues, a camouflage jacket and gloves?
What did federal investigators say that the team of agents pursuing Eric Robert Rudolph would be more than doubled from at a news conference in Andrews?
Who saw a man acting suspiciously shortly after the explosion?
What offered a $1 million reward for information leading to his arrest?
What did Enderson say ?
What seriously injured a nurse?
Who did the bombing kill?
What had Federal officials long said they assumed that Rudolph was hiding in near his home?
What killed one woman?
What was Jan. 27,1997 outside?
What did the official also say inside?
Who meant that Rudolph has less than a day's head start on his pursuers?
When did Enderson say that the man identified as Rudolph had appeared evening at a residence near Nantahala Lake, not far from where Rudolph once lived?
Who did the official say the extent of the association was found, broken down at?
What was Andrews?
What did the law enforcement official say the truck apparently was not at 18 hours before it was found?
Who said, ``We think we have the resources that we will find him''?
What did a law enforcement official say that the resident did not report as stolen until several days later?
Who were bloodhounds also tracking?
What did the official also say that authorities found a note inside the truck explaining as?
When have Agents asked to call the task force at 1-888-ATF- BOMB?
Who did Enderson say had determined that Rudolph had about six months worth of rations on him when he first disappeared into the woods?
What was taken to the ATF office in Atlanta?
Who said they continue to assume that Rudolph is dangerous?
Who do investigators believe may have missed Rudolph, a 31-year-old carpenter and experienced outdoorsman, by just hours Monday?
Who was head of the Southeast Bomb Task Force investigating the Birmingham bombing and three Atlanta bombings?
When did the ATF official say a federal agent had passed through the area where the pickup truck was found Monday?
Who said that does not mean that the man was trying to help Rudolph?
Who believe they may have missed Rudolph, a 31-year-old carpenter and experienced outdoorsman, by just hours Monday?
Who did they also believe was acting alone?
What did investigators say continue to assume that Rudolph is dangerous?
What did investigators say that does not mean?
What was Bob Allison Campground?
Who recently lived in nearby Murphy?
Who are confident that we are dealing with Eric Robert Rudolph at a Tuesday news conference in Andrews?
Where have federal agents conducted wide searches of the forests?
Where was a pickup truck seen near the Birmingham clinic the day of the bombing found abandoned?
What is Rudolph on has been offered for information leading to his arrest?
Who was the man identified as?
Who said the report of a recent sighting has reenergized the manhunt for Rudolph on Jan. 30?
Who was last reported seen at a video store in Murphy?
What did the ATF official say through?
When have Agents asked that anybody who may have seen the pickup truck found Monday to call the task force at 1-888-ATF- BOMB?
What did investigators indicate that they believe to?
What did the ATF official say?
When did N. C. Investigators say Nordmann told them the pickup truck was stolen from him Thursday Nordmann's 1977 blue Nissan pickup truck was recovered Monday?
What did investigators say the report of a recent sighting has reenergized on Jan. 30?
Who was George Nordmann?
What did Cherokee County Sheriff Jack Thompson say the terrain near the campground where the truck was found is rugged with?
What was Jack Killorin head of?
What also believed he was acting alone?
Who did Enderson say on?
Who said that the truck was not there?
What have investigators believed in?
Who is on the FBI's Ten Most Wanted List, and a $1 million reward has been offered for information leading to his arrest?
Who moved as a teenager with Woody Enderson's mother and brothers to Nantahala?
What has the number of agents in western North Carolina been doubled to?
Who said a federal agent had passed through the area Sunday night where the pickup truck was found Monday?
What was the truck taken to?
Who have believed Rudoloph was alive and hiding in the mountains of western North Carolina?
What have federal agents conducted in western North Carolina?
What are we confident that we are dealing with Eric Robert Rudolph at?
Who did Rudolph move as a teenager with his mother and brothers to?
Who said, ``It was not in the location where it was found as of about 9 o'clock Sunday night''?
Who said, ``We have reason to believe he has firearms and we are approaching it that way''?
What have Agents asked that anybody who may have seen the pickup truck found Monday during the past week to call at 1-888-ATF- BOMB?
What gave Rudolph time to escape with another six months ' worth of food?
What was Woody Enderson head of investigating the Birmingham bombing and three Atlanta bombings?
What did Cherokee County Sheriff Jack Thompson say is rugged with peaks that reach 4500 to 5000 feet into the sky?
What was Jack Killorin?
Who said, ``We 're about 15 hours behind him''?
When did the pickup give?
When did Enderson say, ``He had stolen another six months worth as much as he had before''?
Who said, ``The foilage is so thick Woody Enderson cannot see. . . you cannot find anything''?
Who did Enderson say is believed to have altered his appearance slightly by growing a beard and longer hair pulled back in a ponytail?
What was found abandoned in a wooded area near Murphy?
Who said, ``The foilage is so thick you cannot see. . . you cannot find anything''?
Who said Tuesday that the man who reported his truck stolen knew Rudolph and had seen him in recent days?
What was he named in February as?
What have federal agents conducted wide searches of the forests in?
When have Agents asked that anybody who may have seen the pickup truck found during the past week to call the task force at 1-888-ATF- BOMB?
Who did Rudolph move as a teenager with Woody Enderson's mother and brothers to?
What was a pickup truck seen near the Birmingham clinic the day of the bombing found abandoned in?
Who said Tuesday, ``He had stolen another six months worth as much as he had before''?
What did he also allegedly steal the six months ' worth of from the man?
Who was identified as George Nordmann?
What did Enderson say investigators had determined that Rudolph had about six months worth of on him when he first disappeared into the woods?
What was Rudolph last reported seen at?
Who said, ``investigators have reason to believe he has firearms and we are approaching Tuesday that way''?
Who said, ``We still believe that''?
Who was an elderly health food store proprietor?
Who said investigators had determined that Rudolph had about six months worth of rations on him when he first disappeared into the woods?
Who have conducted wide searches of the forests in western North Carolina?
What have federal agents conducted wide searches of in western North Carolina?
When did Jack Daulton say Tuesday?
What did Killorin dispute?
Who did Enderson say investigators had determined on?
What was Woody Enderson?
What did he also allegedly steal from the man?
Who did Jack Killorin refer to?
Who also believed Woody Enderson was acting alone?
What did Thompson say, ``The foilage is so thick''?
Who moved as a teenager with his mother and brothers to Nantahala?
Who also allegedly stole the six months ' worth of food from the man?
When did investigators say the report of a recent sighting has reenergized the manhunt for Rudolph?
What did Rudolph recently live in?
When did investigators say?
Who said, ``investigators 're about 15 hours behind Woody Enderson''?
What is Rudolph on the FBI's Ten Most Wanted List, and a $1 million reward has been offered for leading to his arrest?
Who referred to Rudolph?
Where was a pickup truck registered to Rudolph of the bombing found abandoned?
Who did he also allegedly steal the six months ' worth of food from?
Who did N. C. Investigators say from Nordmann's 1977 blue Nissan pickup truck was recovered Monday shortly after noon at Bob Allison Campground near Andrews and Hayesville?
What have Agents asked that anybody who may have seen the pickup truck found Monday during the past week to call the task force at- BOMB?
What has been doubled to about 80?
Who's caught?
Who was head of the Atlanta office of the U. S. Bureau of Alcohol, Tobacco and Firearms?
What do investigators believe may have missed Rudolph, a 31-year-old carpenter and experienced outdoorsman, by just hours Monday?
Who have investigators believed was alive and hiding in the mountains of western North Carolina?
What did they also believe?
What did investigators say?
Who said, ``We do not yet have fingerprints''?
What was Jack Daulton?
What was first approached as if it might be boobytrapped?
Who said, ``investigators do not yet have fingerprints''?
Who did investigators say continue to assume that Rudolph is dangerous?
What did investigators say has reenergized the manhunt for Rudolph on Jan. 30?
What was Jack Killorin named in February as?
Who did Enderson say investigators had determined that Rudolph had about six months worth of rations on when he first disappeared into the woods?
Who said the terrain near the campground where the truck was found is rugged with peaks that reach 4500 to 5000 feet into the sky?
When do investigators believe?
Who had before?
Who have asked that anybody who may have seen the pickup truck found Monday during the past week to call the task force at 1-888-ATF- BOMB?
Who said Rudolph is believed to have altered his appearance slightly by growing a beard and longer hair pulled back in a ponytail?
What was Jack Daulton head of?
What did the ATF official say a federal agent had passed through Sunday night where the pickup truck was found Monday?
Who do investigators believe they may have missed by just hours Monday?
Who was a heavily forested area?
What are investigators confident that we are dealing with Eric Robert Rudolph at?
What did investigators also believe?
Who did investigators also believe was acting alone?
When do investigators believe they may have missed Rudolph, a 31-year-old carpenter and experienced outdoorsman, ?
What did investigators say they continue to assume?
Who also believed he was acting alone?
What did Enderson say investigators had determined that Rudolph had on him when he first disappeared into the woods?
Who did Rudolph move as to Nantahala?
What did Enderson say in?
Who disputed early reports that Rudolph's fingerprints were found on the pickup?
What did Cherokee County Sheriff Jack Thompson say with?
Who was head of the Atlanta FBI office?
What did investigators indicate to?
Who did the ATF official say had passed through the area Sunday night where the pickup truck was found Monday?
Who said, ``investigators still believe that''?
When did Jack Daulton say that the man who reported his truck stolen knew Rudolph and had seen him in recent days?
What was a pickup truck registered to Rudolph of the bombing found abandoned in?
What was George Nordmann operator of?
Who did Rudolph reportedly tell that he has a great hiding place?
When have Agents asked to call the task force at 1-888-ATF- BOMB?
Who did ABC News report Tuesday the man Rudolph took the food from was?
Who did Enderson say had determined that Rudolph had about six months worth of rations on him when he first disappeared into the woods?
What did ABC News report Tuesday?
What was taken to the ATF office in Atlanta?
Who said they continue to assume that Rudolph is dangerous?
Who said Rudolph pulled back in a ponytail?
What was George Nordmann?
Who said this does not mean that the owner of the truck was trying to help Rudolph?
Who did they also believe was acting alone?
What did investigators say continue to assume that Rudolph is dangerous?
What was Bob Allison Campground?
What did NBC News also report that Rudolph left for the food and a list of items he wanted but did not get?
Who is Rudolph believed to have altered Woody Enderson's appearance slightly by growing a beard and longer hair as?
What did the pickup give Rudolph time to escape with?
What did N. C. Investigators say Nordmann's 1977 blue Datsun pickup truck was recovered Monday shortly after noon at Bob Allison Campground near Andrews and Hayesville?
Where have federal agents conducted wide searches of the forests?
Where was a pickup truck seen near the Birmingham clinic the day of the bombing found abandoned?
What was identified by the Associated Press and WSB-TV as George Nordmann?
Who have investigators believed was hiding in the mountains of western North Carolina?
What is Rudolph on has been offered for information leading to his arrest?
When did ABC News report the man Rudolph took the food from was a friend?
What do investigators believe may have missed the 31-year-old carpenter and experienced outdoorsman by just hours Monday?
Who reportedly told this man that he has a great hiding place?
Who is believed to have altered his appearance slightly by growing a beard and longer hair as a teenager recently lived in nearby Murphy?
What did investigators say has re-energized the manhunt?
What did the ATF official say through?
When have Agents asked that anybody who may have seen the pickup truck found Monday to call the task force at 1-888-ATF- BOMB?
Who is believed to have altered his appearance slightly by growing a beard and longer hair as a teenager moved with his mother and brothers to Nantahala?
What did the ATF official say?
What did Cherokee County Sheriff Jack Thompson say the terrain near the campground where the truck was found is rugged with?
Who waited 24 hours before calling the sheriff?
What was Jack Killorin head of?
What also believed he was acting alone?
Who said the terrain near the campground where the truck was found is rugged with peaks that reach 4,500 to 5,000 feet into the sky?
Who did Enderson say on?
Who said that the truck was not there?
What have investigators believed in?
Who is on the FBI's Ten Most Wanted List, and a $1 million reward has been offered for information leading to his arrest?
What was Woody Enderson head of investigating the Birmingham bombing and Atlanta bombings?
What has the number of agents in western North Carolina been doubled to?
What was the truck taken to?
When did the pickup give to escape with another six months ' worth of food?
What have federal agents conducted in western North Carolina?
Citing FBI sources what did the network say Rudolph left Woody Enderson money to pay for?
When did N. C. Investigators say Nordmann told them the pickup truck was stolen Thursday Nordmann's 1977 blue Datsun pickup truck was recovered Monday?
What reported Tuesday the man Rudolph took the food from was a friend?
Who said, ``It was not in the location where it was found as of about 9 o'clock Sunday night''?
Who believe they may have missed the 31-year-old carpenter and experienced outdoorsman by just hours Monday?
Who said, ``We have reason to believe he has firearms and we are approaching it that way''?
Citing FBI sources what said Rudolph left Woody Enderson money to pay for the supplies?
What did investigators indicate they believe to?
What have Agents asked that anybody who may have seen the pickup truck found Monday during the past week to call at 1-888-ATF- BOMB?
What said, ``We do not yet have fingerprints''?
What gave Rudolph time to escape with another six months ' worth of food?
Who was the truck identified by the Associated Press and WSB-TV as?
What was Jack Killorin?
What did Enderson of the bomb task force declare, ``investigators are confident that we are dealing with Eric Robert Rudolph'' at?
Who said, ``We 're about 15 hours behind him''?
When did Enderson say, ``He had stolen another six months worth as much as he had before''?
Who declared, ``We are confident that we are dealing with Eric Robert Rudolph'' at a Tuesday news conference in Andrews?
Who declared, ``investigators are confident that we are dealing with Eric Robert Rudolph'' at a Tuesday news conference in Andrews?
Who was operator of The Better Way Health Food Store?
Citing FBI sources what did the network say Rudolph left him money to pay for?
Who said, ``The foilage is so thick Woody Enderson cannot see. . . you cannot find anything''?
What did the network cite?
What was found abandoned in a wooded area near Murphy?
What did investigators say this does not mean?
Who said, ``The foilage is so thick you cannot see. . . you cannot find anything''?
When had Rudolph last been reported seen at a video store in Murphy?
What did Rudolph reportedly tell this man?
What did N. C. Investigators say Nordmann told them the pickup truck was stolen Thursday was recovered Monday shortly after noon at Bob Allison Campground near Andrews and Hayesville?
What did NBC News also report that Rudolph left money for he wanted but did not get?
What did the ATF official say a local law enforcement officer had passed through Sunday night where the pickup truck was found Monday?
What was he named in February as?
Who had last been reported seen at a video store in Murphy on Jan. 30?
What have federal agents conducted wide searches of the forests in?
When have Agents asked that anybody who may have seen the pickup truck found during the past week to call the task force at 1-888-ATF- BOMB?
What was a pickup truck seen near the Birmingham clinic the day of the bombing found abandoned in?
What is Jack Daulton believed to have stolen from the owner of the truck?
Who said Tuesday, ``He had stolen another six months worth as much as he had before''?
Who added, ``This is a witness of ours''?
What did Rudolph reportedly tell this man that he has?
What cited FBI sources?
Who is believed to have altered Woody Enderson's appearance slightly by growing a beard and longer hair as a teenager recently lived in nearby Murphy?
What did Enderson say investigators had determined that Rudolph had about six months worth of on him when he first disappeared into the woods?
Who said, ``investigators have reason to believe he has firearms and we are approaching Tuesday that way''?
Who said, ``We still believe that''?
Who said investigators had determined that Rudolph had about six months worth of rations on him when he first disappeared into the woods?
Who have conducted wide searches of the forests in western North Carolina?
What have federal agents conducted wide searches of in western North Carolina?
When did Jack Daulton say Tuesday?
What have investigators believed Rudolph was hiding in?
What did NBC News also report that Rudolph left money for the food and a list of items?
What did Killorin dispute?
What did investigators say does not mean that the owner of the truck was trying to help Rudolph?
Who did Enderson say investigators had determined on?
What was Woody Enderson?
Who is Rudolph believed to have altered his appearance slightly by growing a beard and longer hair as?
Who did Jack Killorin refer to?
What do investigators believe?
Who also believed Woody Enderson was acting alone?
What did Thompson say, ``The foilage is so thick''?
What did N. C. Investigators say Nordmann told them Nordmann's 1977 blue Datsun pickup truck was recovered Monday shortly after noon at Bob Allison Campground near Andrews and Hayesville?
Citing FBI sources who did the network say left Woody Enderson money to pay for the supplies?
What did investigators say the report of a recent sighting has re-energized?
Who is the six months ' worth of food believed to have stolen from the owner of the truck?
Who said, ``investigators 're about 15 hours behind Woody Enderson''?
What is Rudolph on the FBI's Ten Most Wanted List, and a $1 million reward has been offered for leading to his arrest?
Who referred to Rudolph?
Who was head of the Southeast Bomb Task Force investigating the Birmingham bombing and Atlanta bombings?
Where was a pickup truck registered to Rudolph of the bombing found abandoned?
What have Agents asked that anybody who may have seen the pickup truck found Monday during the past week to call the task force at- BOMB?
What has been doubled to about 80?
What did NBC News also report for?
Citing FBI sources what did the network say for?
Who's caught?
Who said a local law enforcement officer had passed through the area Sunday night where the pickup truck was found Monday?
Who said the report of a recent sighting has re-energized the manhunt?
What was the truck identified by as George Nordmann?
Who was head of the Atlanta office of the U. S. Bureau of Alcohol, Tobacco and Firearms?
What did they also believe?
What did investigators say?
When did the ATF official say a local law enforcement officer had passed through the area where the pickup truck was found Monday?
What was Jack Daulton?
Who did ABC News report Tuesday was a friend?
Citing FBI sources who did the network say left him money to pay for the supplies?
What was first approached as if it might be boobytrapped?
Citing FBI sources what said Rudolph left him money to pay for the supplies?
What is he believed to have stolen from the owner of the truck?
Who did investigators say continue to assume that Rudolph is dangerous?
What did Enderson say Rudolph pulled back in?
What was Jack Killorin named in February as?
Who did Enderson say investigators had determined that Rudolph had about six months worth of rations on when he first disappeared into the woods?
Who have believed Rudolph was hiding in the mountains of western North Carolina?
Who did Enderson say pulled back in a ponytail?
Who had before?
What also reported that Rudolph left money for the food and a list of items he wanted but did not get?
Who have asked that anybody who may have seen the pickup truck found Monday during the past week to call the task force at 1-888-ATF- BOMB?
What did Cherokee County Sheriff Jack Thompson say is rugged with peaks that reach 4,500 to 5,000 feet into the sky?
Who did NBC News also report that Rudolph left money for the food and a list of items wanted but did not get?
What was Jack Daulton head of?
Who was a heavily forested area?
Who said Tuesday that a Macon County man who reported his truck stolen knew Rudolph and had seen him in recent days?
Who do investigators believe may have missed the 31-year-old carpenter and experienced outdoorsman by just hours Monday?
What did Enderson of the bomb task force declare, ``We are confident that we are dealing with Eric Robert Rudolph'' at?
What did investigators also believe?
Who did investigators also believe was acting alone?
What did investigators say they continue to assume?
What said, ``investigators do not yet have fingerprints''?
How many hours did the man wait before calling the sheriff?
Who also believed he was acting alone?
What did Enderson say investigators had determined that Rudolph had on him when he first disappeared into the woods?
What did Enderson say in?
Who disputed early reports that Rudolph's fingerprints were found on the pickup?
What did Cherokee County Sheriff Jack Thompson say with?
When did the man wait before calling the sheriff?
Who is believed to have altered Woody Enderson's appearance slightly by growing a beard and longer hair as a teenager moved with his mother and brothers to Nantahala?
Who was head of the Atlanta FBI office?
What did investigators indicate to?
Who did the ATF official say had passed through the area Sunday night where the pickup truck was found Monday?
When did Jack Daulton say that a Macon County man who reported his truck stolen knew Rudolph and had seen him in recent days?
Who said, ``investigators still believe that''?
What was a pickup truck registered to Rudolph of the bombing found abandoned in?
Who did Rudolph approach?
Who did the right thing?
Who were searching the area Wednesday around where Nordmann's pickup was found Monday afternoon?
Who said, ``This is a small community''?
What did Rudolph present 71-year-old George Nordmann with?
Who said of the truck, ``We are running forensic tests''?
Who presented 71-year-old George Nordmann with a list of provisions and five $100 bills?
Who believe Rudolph watched the house of 71-year-old George Nordmann for several days before approaching the health food store owner July 7?
Who joined in a chorus of federal officials Wednesday in saying that Nordmann is not considered to have been aiding Rudolph in eluding capture?
Who were involved in searching the Apple Tree campground near Topton?
Who said, ``There are unlimited places to dump food around here''?
Who said the food is estimated to weigh up to 100 pounds?
What did he do?
Who do they believe Rudolph watched the house of for several days before approaching the health food store owner July 7?
Who is a dangerous fugitive?
When do ANDREWS, N. C. _ Federal agents searching for Birmingham bombing believe?
What did Macon County Sheriff Homer Holbrooks say is estimated to weigh up to 100 pounds?
What could not be determined if Rudolph used the truck to haul the food to some lair or if he carried the load or stashed it?
What was Nordmann described as?
How many federal agents and scores of other law enforcement officers were searching the area Wednesday around where Nordmann's pickup was found Monday afternoon?
When did Killorin join in a chorus of federal officials in saying that Nordmann is not considered to have been aiding Rudolph in eluding capture?
What believe Rudolph watched the house of 71-year-old George Nordmann for several days before approaching the health food store owner July 7?
What did Killorin say of, ``We are running forensic tests''?
What did Killorin join in a chorus of federal officials Wednesday in saying in?
What did investigators say requested included batteries, oatmeal, beans and raisins?
What did Rudolph present him with?
What did Killorin say of, ``ANDREWS, N. C. _ Federal agents searching for Birmingham bombing are running forensic tests''?
What did Killorin join in Wednesday in saying that Nordmann is not considered to have been aiding Rudolph in eluding capture?
Who was head of the Atlanta office of the U. S. Bureau of Alcohol, Tobacco and Firearms?
What was Jack Killorin head of?
Who do they believe watched the house of 71-year-old George Nordmann for several days before approaching the health food store owner July 7?
Who presented him with a list of provisions and five $100 bills?
What did investigators say?
What did Eric Robert Rudolph do?
Who said, ``We 're not changing from what we originally said _ he took it''?
What was the truck taken to?
What did Nordmann not report to?
Who is being sought in the fatal bombing of a Birmingham abortion clinic and three Atlanta-area bombings?
What is Rudolph being sought in?
What is where the guy lived?
Who said the items requested included batteries, oatmeal, beans and raisins?
Who approached Nordmann?
Who did Rudolph present with a list of provisions and five $100 bills?
What did investigators say the items requested included?
What do ANDREWS, N. C. _ Federal agents searching for Birmingham bombing suspect?
What do ANDREWS, N. C. _ Federal agents searching for Birmingham bombing believe Rudolph watched for several days before approaching the health food store owner July 7?
When do they believe Rudolph watched the house of 71-year-old George Nordmann before approaching the health food store owner July 7?
Who also brought in a U. S. Customs helicopter equipped with infrared viewing equipment?
What do they believe Rudolph watched for several days before approaching the health food store owner July 7?
Who were involved in sealing off?
Who is Rudolph?
What did authorities respond to?
Who is not believed to have supplied the suspected bomber with his truck or with food?
What was taken to the ATF lab in Atlanta?
Who did come forward?
What was Jack Killorin?
Who was described as a ``nodding acquaintance,''?
What did investigators also bring in?
What do ANDREWS, N. C. _ Federal agents searching for Birmingham bombing suspect Eric Robert Rudolph have found?
Who is a 32-year-old itinerant carpenter who lived for a while in western North Carolina?
Who did not report to authorities he had seen Rudolph or that his pickup was missing until Saturday?
Who responded to media reports that explosive residue was found in the vehicle?
When do they believe?
Who is Eric Rudolph?
Who said of the truck, ``ANDREWS, N. C. _ Federal agents searching for Birmingham bombing are running forensic tests''?
What was Bob Scott a member of?
Who said the dry weather also hinders the bloodhounds?
Who has the renewed search rapidly expanded since Rudolph showed up at the Nantahala residence of an acquaintance July 7 with a list of provisions for?
Where has Rudolph specialized knowledge that makes him especially dangerous?
What did he tell Rudolph stole his 1977 Datsun pickup truck on July 9 and took about six months ' worth of food?
Where did Rudolph show up with a list of provisions he needed and $500 in cash to pay for them with?
Who leaves no trail?
Who was a member of the North Carolina Civil Air Patrol and an experienced tracker?
What were more than 200 local, state and federal officials from North Carolina, Georgia and Alabama on Thursday?
What did investigators find?
What has he specialized in the heavily wooded areas where we are looking?
Who said, ``Obviously, he's pretty good at it''?
When have other ``solid leads'' come in from the community?
What would Woody Enderson not characterize?
What did investigators say also hinders the bloodhounds?
Who is FBI inspector in charge of the task force?
Who showed up at the Nantahala residence of an acquaintance July 7 with a list of provisions he needed and $500 in cash to pay for them with?
Who did more than 200 local, state and federal officials from North Carolina, Georgia and Alabama search a 30-square-mile area for?
What does Dampness hold in?
Who said, ``In one case, we lost a pretty good sized single engine Cessna airplane for 18 months''?
Who said, ``Obviously, the fugitive's pretty good at the renewed search''?
Who did Bob Scott say have spent months looking for a single lost airplane in the area?
What has Rudolph specialized knowledge that makes him especially dangerous in?
What was the search?
Who is still considered armed and dangerous?
Who were on the ground Thursday?
What has he specialized knowledge that makes him especially dangerous in?
Who did he tell them stole his 1977 Datsun pickup truck on July 9 and took about six months ' worth of food?
Who told them Rudolph stole his 1977 Datsun pickup truck on July 9 and took about six months ' worth of food?
What did Bob Scott say for?
What was Bob Scott?
Who found a spot where they believe Rudolph watched the home of George Nordmann for several days?
What is George Nordmann?
Who said searchers at times have spent months looking for a single lost airplane in the area?
Who told members of the Southeast Bomb Task Force Rudolph stole his 1977 Datsun pickup truck on July 9 and took about six months ' worth of food?
What did Rudolph show up at the Nantahala residence of an acquaintance July 7 with a list of provisions he needed to pay for them with?
Who would not characterize the tips?
What has the renewed search rapidly expanded since Rudolph showed up at the Nantahala residence of an acquaintance July 7 with a list of provisions for?
When were more than 200 local, state and federal officials from North Carolina, Georgia and Alabama on the ground?
Who has specialized knowledge that makes him especially dangerous in the heavily wooded areas where members of the Southeast Bomb Task Force are looking?
What did investigators say the dry weather also hinders?
Who said, ``it was 50 yards from a main highway''?
What did George Nordmann tell members of the Southeast Bomb Task Force?
Who did he tell Rudolph stole his 1977 Datsun pickup truck on July 9 and took about six months ' worth of food?
What did he tell them?
What did more than 200 local, state and federal officials from North Carolina, Georgia and Alabama search for the experienced survivalist?
Who has vanished again?
Who is Woody Enderson?
Who bend the trees?
What did Rudolph show up at the Nantahala residence of an acquaintance July 7 with he needed and $500 in cash to pay for them with?
What holds in the scent?
What was details?
How many local, state and federal officials from North Carolina, Georgia and Alabama were on the ground Thursday?
Who said, ``In one case, investigators lost a pretty good sized single engine Cessna airplane for 18 months''?
Who said, ``a single lost airplane in the area was 50 yards from a main highway''?
What have come in from the community since that time?
Who had been ``re-energized'' after Nordmann came forward Saturday with his report of seeing Rudolph?
Who did Rudolph show up at the Nantahala residence of an acquaintance July 7 with a list of provisions for?
How many local, state and federal officials from North Carolina, Georgia and Alabama searched a 30-square-mile area for the experienced survivalist?
What does the fugitive leave?
What did Rudolph show up at the Nantahala residence of an acquaintance July 7 with a list of provisions for?
Where has he specialized knowledge that makes him especially dangerous?
Who searched a 30-square-mile area for the experienced survivalist?
Who is 71?
What did George Nordmann tell members of Rudolph stole his 1977 Datsun pickup truck on July 9 and took about six months ' worth of food?
Who did George Nordmann tell Rudolph stole his 1977 Datsun pickup truck on July 9 and took about six months ' worth of food?
What do investigators bend?
When did Bob Scott say searchers at times have spent looking for a single lost airplane in the area?
What do they bend?
What's what he's got right now_a canopy?
What has Rudolph specialized in the heavily wooded areas where members of the Southeast Bomb Task Force are looking?
What's what Bob Scott's got right now_a canopy?
What did Rudolph show up at with a list of provisions he needed and $500 in cash to pay for them with?
What bend the trees?
Who has specialized knowledge that makes him especially dangerous in the heavily wooded areas where we are looking?
What have other ``solid leads'' come in from since that time?
What does that's?
What do we 're not scaling back at?
What would Armstead not say?
What do federal officials say they are getting good cooperation from local residents despite?
Who said also, areas near the search site are swamped with reporters but not too many thrill seekers?
Who 're not scaling back at all?
What do federal officials say some people are getting good cooperation from local residents despite?
Who said, ``We 're going to be here until the end''?
What did the Associated Press contribute to?
Who 're not cutting back?
Who are any closer to capturing Rudolph?
Who say they are getting good cooperation from local residents despite some people's assertions that they would help Rudolph or keep his whereabouts secret if they spotted him?
What did officials say also, are swamped with reporters but not too many thrill seekers?
Who did officials say also, areas near the search site are swamped with?
Who is captured?
What contributed to this report?
What are agents?
Who do federal officials say from despite some people's assertions that they would help Rudolph or keep his whereabouts secret if they spotted him?
Who would not say whether agents are any closer to capturing Rudolph?
When did he emerge?
What did Kathy Jo Roper of Roper's Boot Store in the nearby rural community of Topton say they asked if they could see the boot?
What did the chief of the Southeast Bomb Taskforce say teams skilled in tracking are combing the surrounding mountains at?
What was unclear why agents returned for more boots?
What are including the 1996 Olympics blast?
What did Atlanta's WBS-TV report Monday at?
Who visited the store in February during the early days of the now six-month-old manhunt for Rudolph?
When did they purchase a pair of the same style and size of Danner insulated hunting boots bought by Rudolph?
What did the chief of the Southeast Bomb Taskforce say at a press briefing?
What are they searching?
Who obtained food?
Who emerged July 9?
What did Atlanta's WBS-TV report Monday that searchers had found a fingerprint matching Rudolph's at?
What did agents purchase at the time?
Who said teams skilled in tracking are combing the surrounding mountains at a press briefing?
Who is severely wounded a nurse?
What is Rudolph?
What did Agents visit in February during the early days of the now six-month-old manhunt for Rudolph?
What did the chief of the Southeast Bomb Taskforce say are combing the surrounding mountains at a press briefing?
What are three Atlanta bombings?
Who said they came?
When did Rudolph emerge?
Who does Rudolph kill?
What are searching an area known as the Tusquitee range?
Who is Rudolph severely wounded?
Who is 31?
Who had not been seen early February?
Who said agents asked if they could see the boot that Eric bought?
When did agents purchase a pair of the same style and size of Danner insulated hunting boots bought by Rudolph?
Who also is wanted for questioning in three Atlanta bombings that killed one and injured more than 100?
What is Rudolph charged with?
When did Agents visit the store in February?
What did they purchase a pair of at the time?
What was unclear why U. S. Justice Department spokesman Patrick Crosby declined comment?
Who kills an off-duty policeman who was moonlighting as a security guard?
What did Kathy Jo Roper of Roper's Boot Store in the nearby rural community of Topton say came?
Who cited sources?
How many Atlanta bombings are including the 1996 Olympics blast?
Who reported Monday that searchers had found a fingerprint matching Rudolph's at an abandoned campsite?
What did Atlanta's WBS-TV cite?
Where did Atlanta's WBS-TV report Monday that searchers had found a fingerprint matching Rudolph's?
What did Atlanta's WBS-TV report Monday that searchers had found at an abandoned campsite?
Who did Kathy Jo Roper of Roper's Boot Store in the nearby rural community of Topton say asked if they could see the boot that Eric bought?
What did federal agents return to the store where Rudolph bought a pair of boots in 1994 in a sign that agents may have found in?
What purchased a pair of the same style and size of Danner insulated hunting boots bought by Rudolph at the time?
What did he obtain?
What did the chief of the Southeast Bomb Taskforce say teams skilled in tracking are combing at a press briefing?
When did Agents visit the store during the early days of the now six-month-old manhunt for Rudolph?
What did they purchase at the time?
What are teams skilled in tracking searching?
What did Kathy Jo Roper of Roper's Boot Store in the nearby rural community of Topton say agents asked if they could see the boot?
When had Rudolph not been seen?
Who did Kathy Jo Roper of Roper's Boot Store in the nearby rural community of Topton say came?
What did federal agents return to the store where Rudolph bought a pair of boots in 1994 in?
Who said agents came?
Who said they asked if they could see the boot that Eric bought?
What did agents purchase a pair of at the time?
When did Atlanta's WBS-TV report that searchers had found a fingerprint matching Rudolph's at an abandoned campsite?
Who said the teams include tracking dogs and heavily armed tactical units of the FBI and the Bureau of Alcohol, Tobacco and Firearms?
Who is charged with bombing a Birmingham abortion clinic Jan. 29?
What did Rudolph obtain?
Where did Atlanta's WBS-TV report Monday?
Who are searching an area known as the Tusquitee range?
Who purchased a pair of the same style and size of Danner insulated hunting boots bought by Rudolph at the time?
What did taskforce chief Woody Enderson say include tracking dogs and heavily armed tactical units of the FBI and the Bureau of Alcohol, Tobacco and Firearms?
What has 5,000-foot-high peaks, dense hardwood forests and thickets of rhododendron that are virtually impenetrable?
Who said, ``It's not impossible for a team to to cover 10 to 15 miles in a day''?
What did Kathy Jo Roper of Roper's Boot Store in the nearby rural community of Topton say asked if they could see the boot that Eric bought?
What does the Tusquitee range have?
What did taskforce chief Woody Enderson say the teams include tracking?
Whose home has been a focal point of the renewed searching in the past week?
What is this person wanted for?
What did investigators find near Nordmann's home?
What have settled into what they expect to be a slow and arduous search for Birmingham bombing suspect Eric Robert Rudolph?
What did investigators say Tuesday George Nordmann's thumbprint has been identified on a food wrapper at?
What are the boots?
What was the truck abandoned nearby with?
What did investigators find an observation point and a campsite near?
Who had not been seen since Jan. 30?
Who said investigators also were trying to determine if a boot print matched the Danner boots Rudolph bought from a Nantahala outlet?
Who did they say also were trying to determine if a boot print matched the Danner boots Rudolph bought from a Nantahala outlet?
What has Nordmann's home been?
Who believe those bombs may have targeted police?
What is this?
What was George Nordmann?
Who was 71?
Who said Tuesday, the searchers concentrated on an area of the Nantahala Forest near the house Rudolph's family moved into when he was 14?
Whose home did investigators find an observation point and a campsite near?
What do they believe Rudolph watched?
What do investigators believe may have targeted police?
What is what we know?
Who reported the truck and about six months of food stolen on July 11?
Who did Jack Killorin say we 're having examine it?
Who do investigators believe watched Nordmann's residence for several days?
Who said investigators 're working systematically very, very hard in arduous conditions?
What has been a focal point of the renewed searching in the past week?
Who did Jack Killorin say Federal law enforcement officers 're having examine a 1977 Nissan pickup truck?
What do investigators believe?
When did investigators say his thumbprint has been identified on a food wrapper at the observation point?
What did investigators say Tuesday George Nordmann's thumbprint has been identified on at the observation point?
Who said Tuesday George Nordmann's thumbprint has been identified on a food wrapper at the observation point?
What killed an off-duty police officer?
Where is the man?
Who did the bombing of a Birmingham abortion clinic kill?
Who is wanted for a homicide bombing?
Who did Jack Killorin say 're having experts examine a 1977 Nissan pickup truck?
What do they believe?
What did investigators say Tuesday has been identified on a food wrapper at the observation point?
Who 're very careful because this person is wanted for a homicide bombing?
Who did officers say are moving slowly?
Who did investigators say also were trying to determine if a boot print matched the Danner boots Rudolph bought from a Nantahala outlet?
Who found an observation point and a campsite near Nordmann's home?
Who did the bombing of a Birmingham abortion clinic severely injure?
What can call 1-888-283-2662?
Where did officials say Tuesday, the searchers concentrated?
What did investigators say Tuesday his thumbprint has been identified on a food wrapper at?
What severely injured a nurse?
Whose residence for several days do they believe Rudolph watched?
What do we 've confirmed?
What do investigators believe Rudolph watched?
Who was head of the Atlanta office of the U. S. Bureau of Alcohol, Tobacco and Firearms?
Who do they believe watched Nordmann's residence for several days?
Who were examining a 1977 Nissan pickup truck, trying to determine how far Rudolph may have driven it?
Who believe Rudolph watched Nordmann's residence for several days?
What was Jack Killorin head of?
Who said we 're having experts examine it?
Who is in the area?
Who was the truck taken from?
What did Jack Killorin say we 're having experts examine?
What do investigators believe those bombs may have targeted?
Who 've confirmed that?
What believe Rudolph watched Nordmann's residence for several days?
What did Jack Killorin say Federal law enforcement officers 're having experts examine?
Whose residence for several days do investigators believe?
Who did Jack Killorin say 're having experts examine it?
What can anyone with information about Rudolph call?
What was taken from an elderly Nantahala man the night of July 9?
Who said we 're working systematically very, very hard in arduous conditions?
What has Nordmann's home been a focal point of renewed searching in the past week?
Whose residence for several days do they believe?
Whose residence for several days do investigators believe Rudolph watched?
When had Rudolph not been seen?
What is the man in?
Who did Killorin say 're working systematically very, very hard in arduous conditions?
What was Jack Killorin?
What is what investigators know?
Who said Tuesday his thumbprint has been identified on a food wrapper at the observation point?
What was worn by many hikers and even by searchers for Rudolph?
Who said Federal law enforcement officers 're having experts examine a 1977 Nissan pickup truck?
Who did investigators say George Nordmann's thumbprint has been identified on a food wrapper at the observation point?
Who was the popular brand worn by by searchers for Rudolph?
Who was the popular brand worn by many hikers and even by?
Who said Agents are moving slowly?
What did investigators say Tuesday his thumbprint has been identified on at the observation point?
What did officials say Tuesday, the searchers concentrated on?
What said investigators also were trying to determine if a boot print matched the Danner boots Rudolph bought from a Nantahala outlet?
What did Killorin say investigators 're working systematically very, very hard in?
What do Agents want to question Rudolph in?
What did George Nordmann report stolen on July 11?
What did Killorin say we 're working systematically very, very hard in?
Whose thumbprint did investigators say Tuesday has been identified on a food wrapper at the observation point?
What was abandoned nearby with two flat tires on July 13?
What do investigators 've confirmed?
What are a popular brand?
Who are still using every means available?
What may he have?
Who may have a radio?
Who flew into town?
Who killed in the Birmingham bombing?
What is it possible of?
Who does Robert Sanderson and injured nurse Emily Lyons's?
Where may the fugitive have used the 1977 Datsun truck to transport food and provisions?
Who said I do not know who else would be in the woods camping out in the wilderness other than marijuana growers?
What are we asking?
What was Sheriff Jack Thompson of Cherokee County?
Who have said their search area encompasses about 30 square miles?
Who was the 1977 Datsun truck's owner?
What is it possible that the truck may have been driven out of the forest area to where it was found?
Who said, ``We 're going to bring in the pressure of a prime-time TV show''?
Who was its owner?
What was George Nordmann?
Where did Sheriff Jack Thompson of Cherokee County say Wednesday?
Who was 71?
What do Sheriff Jack Thompson of Cherokee County understand he's got?
Who do Sheriff Jack Thompson of Cherokee County understand's got batteries?
Who said experts examined the engine and other parts trying to determine a radius for the search for the fugitive?
Who may have used the 1977 Datsun truck to transport food and provisions to a hideout?
Who said this remains a difficult and potentially dangerous day and night search operation?
What was a note found inside with?
What may the fugitive have used the 1977 Datsun truck to transport to a hideout?
What did Enderson say at a news conference we already have?
What is Rudolph?
Who has been a subject of several previous shows?
When did Enderson say this remains?
What did Sheriff Jack Thompson of Cherokee County say Wednesday that the campsites were in?
Who does he's?
What are all in?
Who understands he's got batteries?
What was found inside with instructions to return the truck to its owner?
What are we still using?
Who was John Walsh?
Who's a terrorist?
Where did Sheriff Jack Thompson of Cherokee County say Wednesday that the campsites were?
Who was a health food store owner who is an acquaintance of Rudolph's?
What did Felecia Sanderson say Wednesday Emily Lyons decided to come to the North Carolina mountains to appear on?
Who said Wednesday that the campsites were in rugged terrain?
What did the FBI's Woody Enderson appeal again Wednesday for help from July 13 when it was discovered?
What may the fugitive have used the 1977 Datsun truck to transport food and provisions to?
What did investigators say experts examined?
What are in the Nantahala Forest?
When did investigators continue searching?
What is Rudolph a suspect in the Jan. 29 bombing of?
What did Felecia Sanderson say to?
Who was George Nordmann?
Who said?
When did Sheriff Jack Thompson of Cherokee County say that the campsites were in rugged terrain?
What are 1-800-575-9873 or 1-888-ATF-BOMB?
Who continued searching Wednesday?
Who did investigators say examined the engine and other parts trying to determine a radius for the search for the fugitive?
What is a million dollar reward being offered for leading to Rudolph's arrest?
Who are asking anyone who may have seen or heard that loud-sounding blue. . . truck, please contact us?
What still may have put on as much as a few dozen miles?
What have investigators said their search area encompasses?
What have investigators said?
What is possible that the truck may have been driven some distance out of the forest area to where it was found?
Who did Thompson say do not know who else would be in the woods camping out in the wilderness other than marijuana growers?
What do I understand he's got?
What did Thompson say I do not know in?
Who do I understand's got batteries?
What may the fugitive have used to transport food and provisions to a hideout?
What was believed to have been written by Rudolph?
What did the widow of the police officer kill in?
What is being offered for information leading to Rudolph's arrest?
Who said Robert Sanderson and injured nurse Emily Lyons do not know who else would be in the woods camping out in the wilderness other than marijuana growers?
What may the truck still have put on?
Who understand he's got batteries?
What has Rudolph been?
What did Thompson say Robert Sanderson and injured nurse Emily Lyons do not know in?
Who's a murderer?
What are the federal information hotlines?
What did not run well?
Who was the show's host?
What may Sheriff Jack Thompson of Cherokee County have?
Who is a suspect in the Jan. 29 bombing of a Birmingham abortion clinic that killed Robert Sanderson and injured nurse Emily Lyons?
What did Felecia Sanderson say Wednesday she decided to come to the North Carolina mountains to appear on?
Who was N. C.?
Who said before being interviewed by the show's host for a segment that will be broadcast Saturday, ``Some people called him a folk hero''?
What have investigators said encompasses about 30 square miles?
What has Rudolph been a subject of?
What did the host and a crew for the ``America's Most Wanted'' show fly into?
What did Sheriff Jack Thompson of Cherokee County say Wednesday in?
What did Enderson say remains a difficult and potentially dangerous day and night search operation?
How many square miles have investigators said their search area encompasses?
When does Gritz plan to muster at least 100 volunteers to go into the mountains?
Whose hiding place have federal agents said?
What has a $1 million dollar reward on Rudolph's head made information leading to Rudolph's arrest?
What may say something and tomorrow say another?
What are you willing to die for the cause?
Who has said it was not Rudolph's intention to run away or leave the country?
What did investigators say that might include hurting?
Who do members of the Southeast Bomb Task Force say know Rudolph is armed with long guns?
What do members of the Southeast Bomb Task Force say know Rudolph is armed with long guns?
What did retired FBI Agent Robert Ressler say, ``I do not think''?
Who was retired FBI Agent Robert Ressler one of?
Who knows all too well what Rudolph is up against?
Who are mission willing to die for the cause?
What is to finish his mission?
What did his intentions say?
Where have investigators said all along?
What might she have some kind of somehow?
Whose arrest has a $1 million dollar reward on his head made information leading to a hot commodity for bounty hunters?
How many volunteers does Gritz plan to muster to go into the mountains this weekend?
Who's where he is the most comfortable?
Whose understanding that that decision will be made in Washington does Wednesday's?
What has Gritz promised it to Rudolph's mother to use for?
Who is Rudolph's mother?
Who was the former soldier's daughter-in-law?
What has a $1 million dollar reward on Rudolph's head made leading to Rudolph's arrest a hot commodity for bounty hunters?
When are months?
Whose intention to run away or leave the country has Killorin said?
What have federal agents said that once they find Rudolph's hiding place, it could take weeks to negotiate out?
Who is currently in North Carolina?
What has made information leading to Rudolph's arrest a hot commodity for bounty hunters?
Who said that might include hurting a group of agents or even media workers?
Who was retired FBI Agent Robert Ressler?
What has Jack Killorin said on?
Who has Gritz promised it to to use for his defense?
When did Doug Jones say no announcement has been made concerning Rudolph and the death penalty?
What did investigators say that might include hurting a group of?
Whose mother is Pat Rudolph?
Who did his intentions say believe he started?
What did Ressler say death by lethal injection will never deter some of?
What did Vicci Gritz say that tactic had not been embraced by Wednesday?
Who have said that once they find Rudolph's hiding place, it could take weeks to negotiate another Ruby Ridge out?
Who proved their theory correct when he emerged in search of food and provisions from an elderly health store food owner?
What did Doug Jones say Wednesday has been made concerning Rudolph and the death penalty?
What did his intentions say believe he started?
Who said, ``I do not think these guys are going to be effective''?
What has a $1 million dollar reward on his head made information leading to Rudolph's arrest?
Who's in custody?
Who has Jack Killorin said investigators believe is on an unfinished mission?
What has Jack Killorin said investigators believe on?
What have investigators said all along in?
What has his mother released?
Who said death by lethal injection will never deter some of today's new brand of terrorists?
What might she have somehow?
Where have investigators said all along that Rudolph was hiding where he spent his adolescence honing his skills in the woods?
What are retired FBI Agent Robert Ressler oriented?
What does Weaver know?
Who said that tactic had not been embraced by the FBI Wednesday?
Who was Vicci Gritz?
Who said, ``They feel like she might have some kind of contact with him somehow''?
What did Federal officials have no comment about?
Who find Rudolph's hiding place?
What has Gritz promised to Rudolph's mother to use for his defense?
Who plans to muster at least 100 volunteers to go into the mountains this weekend?
Who was Doug Jones?
Who does Gritz plan to muster to go into the mountains this weekend?
What has Killorin said was not Rudolph's intention to run away or leave the country?
What's my understanding that that decision will be made in Washington?
Who do members of the Southeast Bomb Task Force say they know is armed with long guns?
When have federal agents said that once they find Rudolph's hiding place, it could take to negotiate another Ruby Ridge out?
What does Doug Jones's in?
What's where he is the most comfortable?
Who is Pat Rudolph?
What searched Eric Rudolph's home?
Who have said all along that Rudolph was hiding in the Nantahala where he spent his adolescence honing his skills in the woods?
Who were Jack Killorin's intentions?
What are retired FBI Agent Robert Ressler willing to die for the cause?
Who did his intentions say they believe started?
Whose mother has Gritz promised it to to use for his defense?
What is Rudolph wanted for questioning in connection with the deadly July 1996 bombing double-blast at an Atlanta-area abortion clinic and a February 1997 blast at?
What did Rudolph prove correct when he emerged in search of food and provisions from an elderly health store food owner?
What do members of the Southeast Bomb Task Force say they know with?
What does he's in?
Where is Mrs. Rudolph currently?
What did Ressler say?
Whose intentions were investigators?
When have they said that once they find Rudolph's hiding place, it could take to negotiate him out?
Who is mission oriented?
Whose home did they search?
Whose hiding place have they said?
Whose hiding place do they find?
What does Wednesday's?
Who is wanted for questioning in connection with the deadly July 1996 bombing double-blast at an Atlanta-area abortion clinic and a February 1997 blast at a gay Atlanta nightclub?
Who lives in Florida?
Who has said investigators believe Rudolph is on an unfinished mission?
What has his mother released statements of?
What has Killorin said?
What did Doug Jones say Wednesday?
What will be left in the hands of the attorney general?
Whose daughter-in-law was Vicci Gritz?
When's Doug Jones's understanding that that decision will be made in Washington?
Who is mission willing to die for the cause?
Whose ultimate plan is to finish his mission?
What is Mrs. Rudolph currently in?
What did Federal officials have?
What may retired FBI Agent Robert Ressler say something and tomorrow say?
When did Vicci Gritz say that tactic had not been embraced by the FBI?
Who was one of the original and most experienced profilers of criminals?
Who is of the infamous Ruby Ridge siege in Idaho?
What does Gritz plan to muster at least 100 volunteers to go into this weekend?
Who searched Eric Rudolph's home?
Who are mission oriented?
Whose intention to run away or leave the country has Killorin said it was not?
What find Rudolph's hiding place?
What may retired FBI Agent Robert Ressler say say another?
What did they search?
What is Jack Killorin?
What is Weaver of?
What have they said?
What do they find?
Who was U. S. Attorney for the Northern District of Alabama?
What is Gritz?
Who has promised it to Rudolph's mother to use for his defense?
What have federal agents said?
What will the ultimate decision be left in?
Who have said that once they find Rudolph's hiding place, it could take weeks to negotiate him out?
Who may say something and tomorrow say another?
What is Jack Killorin head of?
What does Mrs. Rudolph live in?
Who have they said that once they find Rudolph's hiding place, it could take weeks to negotiate out?
What did investigators say?
What may they say say another?
What must any participants sign?
Who is his mother?
What were investigators?
What has a $1 million dollar reward on his head made information leading to a hot commodity for bounty hunters?
What did his intentions say they believe?
What does Gritz have?
Who is 59?
What do federal agents find?
When are weeks?
What does it's?
What may they say something and tomorrow say?
Who can she reason with?
What do members of the Southeast Bomb Task Force say with?
What did Federal officials search?
Who might have some kind of contact with him somehow?
Who has released statements of concern for her son's life and the safety of the lawmen tracking him?
What did Ressler say will never deter some of today's new brand of terrorists?
Who has a daily radio show that can be picked up on shortwave?
What are retired FBI Agent Robert Ressler mission willing to die for?
Who said Wednesday no announcement has been made concerning Rudolph and the death penalty?
What has Jack Killorin said investigators believe Rudolph is on?
What are you oriented?
What has a $1 million dollar reward on Rudolph's head made information leading to a hot commodity for bounty hunters?
What said they believe he started?
Whose hiding place do federal agents find?
Who could face the death penalty?
Who must sign a waiver of the reward?
What ended 11 days later?
Who is head of the Atlanta ATF office?
What did Ressler say death by lethal injection will never deter?
Who had no comment about the claim that Pat Rudolph talks to her son?
What do members of the Southeast Bomb Task Force say they know Rudolph is armed with?
What must any participants sign a waiver of?
Whose home did Federal officials search?
What could Rudolph face?
Where does Mrs. Rudolph live?
What did Vicci Gritz say had not been embraced by the FBI Wednesday?
What has Killorin said it was not?
What have investigators said all along that Rudolph was hiding in where he spent his adolescence honing his skills in the woods?
Who say they know Rudolph is armed with long guns?
Who were his intentions?
What has a $1 million dollar reward on his head made leading to Rudolph's arrest a hot commodity for bounty hunters?
What have said that once they find Rudolph's hiding place, it could take weeks to negotiate him out?
What are you mission willing to die for?
Who can reason with him?
Whose arrest has a $1 million dollar reward on Rudolph's head made information leading to a hot commodity for bounty hunters?
Who has Jack Killorin said believe Rudolph is on an unfinished mission?
When was Enderson asked if that had tied Rudolph to the Atlanta crimes?
Who was the FBI's Woody Enderson?
Who said, ``To us, these items and their packaging represent evidence''?
Who did Enderson say was ``given'' some of those items ``in an encounter with a local witness'' for the first time?
What did Enderson say Rudolph was ``given'' some of ``in an encounter with a local witness'' for the first time?
When did Enderson say Rudolph was ``given'' some of those items ``in an encounter with a local witness''?
When did the fugitive disappear into the western North Carolina mountains?
Who said, ``That is a Department of Justice decision''?
What did Rudolph come out of the woods to get six more months of from George Nordmann?
Who said, ``To the western North Carolina mountains, these items and their packaging represent evidence''?
What did N. C. _ Federal officials decline to say?
What declined to say what the evidence was?
Who stopped short of calling Rudolph a suspect in the Atlanta cases?
What was called to display those items for bear hunters?
When did Rudolph come out of the woods to get from George Nordmann?
Who came out of the woods to get six more months of food, NOW and Nature's Plus minerals and vitamins from George Nordmann?
What did Rudolph come out of to get six more months of food, NOW and Nature's Plus minerals and vitamins from George Nordmann?
Who said, ``We 've developed additional evidence'' since January?
What did Enderson say in for the first time?
Who do N. C. _ Federal officials say have ``additional evidence'' possibly linking Birmingham bombing suspect Eric Robert Rudolph to a series of Atlanta explosions?
Who disappeared Jan. 30 into the western North Carolina mountains?
Who say they have ``additional evidence'' possibly linking Birmingham bombing suspect Eric Robert Rudolph to a series of Atlanta explosions?
What did they decline to say?
Who was asked Monday if they had tied Rudolph to the Atlanta crimes?
What is most of this now to Eric Rudolph?
Who was a 71-year-old Andrews health food store owner?
How many months of food, NOW and Nature's Plus minerals and vitamins did Rudolph come out of the woods to get from George Nordmann?
Who is most of this now nothing but trash to?
What do N. C. _ Federal officials say have ``additional evidence'' possibly linking Birmingham bombing suspect Eric Robert Rudolph to a series of Atlanta explosions?
Who was away when the truck was taken?
What do N. C. _ Federal officials say they have?
What was supplies and a truck?
Who declined to say what the evidence was?
What is now nothing but trash to Eric Rudolph?
Who has not been charged with aiding Rudolph?
Who was asked Monday if that had tied Rudolph to the Atlanta crimes?
Who said, ``that 've developed additional evidence'' since January?
Who was inspector in charge of the Southeast Bomb Task Force?
Who said Rudolph was ``given'' some of those items ``in an encounter with a local witness'' for the first time?
When was Enderson asked if they had tied Rudolph to the Atlanta crimes?
What was seen leaving the area of the Birmingham bombing?
Who did Rudolph come out of the woods to get six more months of food, NOW and Nature's Plus minerals and vitamins from?
What did the fugitive disappear Jan. 30 into?
What did Enderson say Rudolph was ``given'' ``in an encounter with a local witness'' for the first time?
What did Enderson say Rudolph was ``given'' some of those items in for the first time?
Whose truck was seen leaving the area of the Birmingham bombing?
What do N. C. _ Federal officials say?
Who was George Nordmann?
What was food, NOW and Nature's Plus minerals and vitamins?
What was a gray Nissan pickup truck registered to Rudolph seen near the clinic in Birmingham shortly after?
Where did Enderson say from going into great detail about his background, we know he feels very comfortable?
What ended with the Jan. 29 bombing of a Birmingham abortion clinic?
What have investigators the deadly nail bombings said?
What is Rudolph charged with in addition to the Birmingham and Olympic bombings?
Who has great fear that if we leave and just back away, someone else might die?
What is Rudolph charged with the 1997 bombings of a Sandy Springs abortion clinic and an Atlanta lesbian nightclub in?
Who does not want that to happen?
What did Enderson say agents believe?
What did N. C. Rudolph surface briefly in July to obtain from a friend?
What did Rudolph grow up exploring?
What attack killed an off-duty police officer working as a security guard at the clinic?
What did Rudolph realize on?
Who grew up exploring these mountains?
What did he realize were on his trail?
What do a number of burglaries of mountain cabins and sightings of unidentified persons by residents in recent months lead authorities to believe Rudolph is still in in addition?
Who is Rudolph said by to be an expert outdoorsman?
What did Rudolph realize were on his trail?
Who did Enderson say from going into great detail about his background, know he feels very comfortable in this area?
What is Rudolph?
What does John Harmon write for?
Who do the Birmingham attack killed an off-duty police officer working as at the clinic?
What do some 200 federal and state officers continue to search the rugged mountains of for the former soldier and self-employed carpenter?
Who do the Birmingham attack killed working as a security guard at the clinic?
Where did Enderson say from going into great detail about his background, we know?
Who did the Centennial Olympic Park explosion kill?
Who apparently fled into the wilderness the day after the Birmingham attack once he realized authorities were on his trail?
What did Enderson say from going into great detail about his background, we know he feels very comfortable in?
When did the deadly nail bombings begin with the Atlanta Olympics?
What began with the Atlanta Olympics in July 1996?
What do I not want?
Who know an awful lot about Eric Rudolph from friends and associates?
What did Enderson say at a news conference in Andrews, ``I feel very strongly''?
When did N. C. Rudolph surface briefly to obtain food from a friend?
Who do we know an awful lot about Eric Rudolph from?
Who again disappeared into mountains?
Who realized authorities were on his trail?
Who do the Birmingham attack seriously wounded?
What do some 200 federal and state officers continue to search for the former soldier and self-employed carpenter?
Who do some 200 federal and state officers continue to search the rugged mountains of the 500,000-acre Nantahala National Forest for?
Who continue to search the rugged mountains of the 500,000-acre Nantahala National Forest for the former soldier and self-employed carpenter?
What was a gray Nissan pickup truck registered to Rudolph seen near shortly after the attack?
What have investigators said are related?
What was seen near the clinic in Birmingham shortly after the attack?
What lead authorities to believe Rudolph is still in the mountains in addition?
What did Rudolph apparently flee into the day after the Birmingham attack once he realized authorities were on his trail?
What attack seriously wounded a nurse?
What was the bunker?
Who said agents believe the food is now running low and he will soon make a move to obtain more?
What did he realize authorities were on?
What did the Centennial Olympic Park explosion injure?
Who is charged with the 1997 bombings of a Sandy Springs abortion clinic and an Atlanta lesbian nightclub in addition to the Birmingham and Olympic bombings?
Who is 32?
Who did N. C. Rudolph surface briefly in July to obtain food from?
Who said authorities think he may be hiding in a bunker?
What did Enderson say from going into great detail about his background, we know in?
What do the Birmingham attack killed an off-duty police officer working as a security guard at?
Who did Enderson say from going into great detail about his background, we know feels very comfortable in this area?
Who surfaced briefly in July to obtain food from a friend?
What did the deadly nail bombings end with?
Who did Enderson say think he may be hiding in a bunker?
Who have the deadly nail bombings said are related?
What did Enderson say authorities think he may be hiding in?
What did Enderson say authorities think in?
Who is said by friends and family to be an expert outdoorsman?
Who did Enderson say authorities think may be hiding in a bunker?
What was abandoned mine or cave?
Who said from going into great detail about his background, we know he feels very comfortable in this area?
What did Rudolph apparently flee into the wilderness the day after once he realized authorities were on his trail?
What did Enderson say?
Who did Enderson say believe the food is now running low and he will soon make a move to obtain more?
What killed one person?
What did he realize on?
What did Enderson say at, ``I feel very strongly that he is a bomber''?
Who do we know an awful lot about from friends and associates?
What injured 111?
How many federal and state officers continue to search the rugged mountains of the 500,000-acre Nantahala National Forest for the former soldier and self-employed carpenter?
What did the deadly nail bombings begin with in July 1996?
When did Rudolph apparently flee into the wilderness after the Birmingham attack once he realized authorities were on his trail?
What did Rudolph apparently flee into the wilderness the day after the Birmingham attack once he realized on?
What do I have?
What did Enderson say in?
What do we know from friends and associates?
What did N. C. Rudolph again disappear into?
What did Rudolph realize authorities were on?
Who said at a news conference in Andrews, ``I feel very strongly that he is a bomber''?
What do a number of burglaries of mountain cabins and sightings of unidentified persons by residents in recent months lead authorities to believe in in addition?
Who writes for the Atlanta Journal-Constitution Ga.?
What have investigators painstakingly analyzed the components of the bombs of?
What was Ala.?
What did the authorities suggest strongly in that news conference and in subsequent interviews on Monday?
Who do not know who did a world where anything is possible in Asheville?
What have investigators painstakingly analyzed the components of Rudolph is accused of building?
What do we not know in?
Who were careful to say that they had not definitively excluded Rudolph as a suspect at a news conference in Asheville?
What has no person or group claimed?
What has the Femcare Clinic been by anti-abortion demonstrators?
Who were federal investigators careful to say as at a news conference in Asheville?
Who was the FBI agent directing the task force that is searching for Rudolph?
What has the Femcare Clinic never been hit by?
Who do not have Rudolph in custody?
What did Mark Calloway say, ``federal investigators 're saying at this time''?
What exploded shortly after 7 a. m. Saturday outside the Femcare Clinic?
When has Rudolph been a fugitive the day after he allegedly bombed the New Woman All Women Health Care Center in Birmingham?
What do we 're not drawing any conclusions at?
What has been offered for information leading to Rudolph's arrest?
What do federal investigators 're not drawing at this time?
What did the authorities suggest strongly that the bomb probably was not Rudolph's handiwork in?
Who was even more explicit?
What injured 124?
Who said in a statement that ``there is no reason to believe'' that Rudolph has any connection to the Asheville attack?
What has been offered for information leading to his arrest?
What arose immediately after the explosion because he was last seen near Andrews?
Whose handiwork did the authorities suggest strongly in that news conference and in subsequent interviews on Monday?
What do federal investigators 're not drawing any conclusions at?
What was the only abortion provider in western North Carolina?
What has it been the site of by anti-abortion demonstrators?
What do we not have Rudolph in?
What does Rudolph remain on?
What is Rudolph?
What did the authorities suggest strongly that the bomb probably was not in that news conference and in subsequent interviews on Monday?
Who have found numerous similarities between their parts and their design?
What did Mark Calloway say, ``We 're saying at this time''?
What have investigators found?
What did not fully detonate?
Who was the U. S. attorney for the Western District of North Carolina?
What is much different than the devices associated with Rudolph?
What caused little damage because it did not fully detonate?
What do federal investigators not have Rudolph in?
What does it's early in?
What has been the site of regular protests by anti-abortion demonstrators?
Where do federal investigators not know?
What arose immediately after the explosion because he is accused of bombing two abortion clinics, one in Birmingham, and one in the Atlanta area, ?
When did the bomb in Asheville explode shortly after 7 a. m. outside the Femcare Clinic?
What has it been by anti-abortion demonstrators?
Who was N. C. , about 75 miles west of Asheville?
Who cannot slam any doors because federal investigators do not have Rudolph in custody?
Who cannot slam any doors because we do not have Rudolph in custody?
Who is a resident of western North Carolina?
Who have investigators painstakingly analyzed the components of the bombs is accused of building?
What is Rudolph a resident of?
Whose handiwork did the authorities suggest strongly that the bomb probably was not in that news conference and in subsequent interviews on Monday?
Who was Woody Enderson?
What have investigators painstakingly analyzed Rudolph is accused of building?
Who suggested strongly that the bomb probably was not Rudolph's handiwork in that news conference and in subsequent interviews on Monday?
Who has Rudolph been since Jan. 30 the day after he allegedly bombed the New Woman All Women Health Care Center in Birmingham?
Who 're not drawing any conclusions at this time?
Who has claimed responsibility?
What was Birmingham?
What did Woody Enderson say in that ``there is no reason to believe'' that Rudolph has any connection to the Asheville attack?
Who said it also received a hoax letter that purported to contain anthrax last month and a threatening telephone call last July?
What were federal investigators careful to say that they had not definitively excluded Rudolph as a suspect at?
What has a reward of $1 million been offered for leading to his arrest?
Who have gathered far more information about the bomb's components than is usually possible?
How many people did the attacks kill?
Who was the Femcare Clinic?
What was Andrews N. C. , about 75 miles west of?
What did the bomb in Asheville explode shortly after Saturday outside the Femcare Clinic?
What was scheduled to open at 8 a. m.?
Who is 32?
What do we 're not drawing at this time?
What did questions about Rudolph arise immediately after because he was last seen near Andrews?
Who has the Femcare Clinic been the site of regular protests by?
What can I not slam because we do not have Rudolph in custody?
What did Woody Enderson say in a statement that ``there is no reason to believe''?
Where do we not know?
What does that news conference and in subsequent interviews on Monday's early in?
Who do federal investigators not have in custody?
Who has been a fugitive since Jan. 30 the day after he allegedly bombed the New Woman All Women Health Care Center in Birmingham?
Who said, ``federal investigators 're saying at this time that we have no evidence that this is the work of Eric Rudolph''?
What is this device much different than?
What did the attacks kill?
Who have painstakingly analyzed the components of the bombs Rudolph is accused of building?
What has never been hit by a violent attack?
What did Calloway say also received a hoax letter that purported to contain anthrax last month and a threatening telephone call last July?
What do federal investigators not know in?
What did the bomb cause because it did not fully detonate?
Who said, ``We 're saying at this time that we have no evidence that this is the work of Eric Rudolph''?
Who said, ``We see no linkage''?
Who is Rudolph?
Who remains on the FBI's list of the 10 most-wanted fugitives?
What's early in the investigation?
What killed two people?
Who was special agent in charge of the federal Bureau of Alcohol, Tobacco and Firearms in North Carolina?
What did questions about Rudolph arise immediately after because he is accused of bombing two abortion clinics, one in Birmingham, and one in the Atlanta area, ?
Who was Richard Fox?
What did the attacks injure?
Who said, ``federal investigators see no linkage''?
Who has it been the site of regular protests by?
What did another federal investigator speak on?
What have investigators gathered far more information about?
What did not explode completely?
Who have gathered far more information about its components than is usually possible?
What can Rudolph not slam because federal investigators do not have Rudolph in custody?
What has the Femcare Clinic been the site of by anti-abortion demonstrators?
What have investigators gathered?
What did the bomb in Asheville explode shortly after 7 a. m. Saturday outside?
Who said the Femcare Clinic also received a hoax letter that purported to contain anthrax last month and a threatening telephone call last July?
What have investigators painstakingly analyzed the components of the bombs Rudolph is accused of?
What was Andrews?
Who was Mark Calloway?
Who do not know who did it in Asheville?
Who do we not have in custody?
What has a reward of $1 million been offered for leading to Rudolph's arrest?
Who spoke on the condition of anonymity?
What has the area had?
Who said it makes sense for Rudolph to stay in the area?
What are not all that pleasing to some in Andrews?
What did Nordmann not report to authorities for two days?
What did Farley say the deer hunting season makes to stay in the area?
Who said a Levi's jeans factory in Murphy just closed, and a Baker furniture plant in Andrews is leaving next summer?
Who said he has no inside knowledge about Rudolph?
What did Mary Kelley say we have not seen in awhile?
When could you be lost?
What did an off-duty police officer die in?
Who has been placed on the agency's 10-most-wanted list?
If ANDREWS, N. C. _ Eric Rudolph is indeed in the Nantahala forest somewhere who will he probably not be spotted in?
What has posted a $1 million reward for Rudolph's capture?
What saturated the area a year ago Andrews was engulfed by a national media circus as satellite TV trucks lined the streets?
What may he be?
Who did Rudolph take about six months ' worth of supplies and a pickup truck from in July 1998?
Who do they think's still somewhere around here?
What does not everyone think in?
Who could find?
What did a spokesman in Atlanta say?
What live?
Who said he doubted searchers would find him?
Who has become as much a living part of folklore as a suspect on the run?
What boarded the 10:30 a. m. train on a recent day?
What could their charter bus driver not resist a bit of?
How many feet into the woods, look to END OPTIONAL's left or right?
If he is indeed in the Nantahala forest somewhere who probably will not be spotted in downtown Andrews?
When has ANDREWS, N. C. _ Eric Rudolph survived on the run?
What were the mountainous?
What lined the streets?
What does the popular Nantahala Outdoor Center stand along?
What are hefty?
If ANDREWS, N. C. _ Eric Rudolph is indeed in the Nantahala forest somewhere who probably will not be spotted in downtown Andrews?
What have other than Rudolph's connection with Nordmann and the discovery of buried trash with the suspect's fingerprints on it, federal agents not disclosed much about?
When did Nordmann not report the encounter to authorities?
What's easy to see how Rudolph might still be around?
What Survived the Rudolph Manhunt 1998?
Who did Webb say suspected Rudolph was either dead or in another country?
Who did Eric Farley say he suspected is in the forest?
Who's skeptical that several hundred law enforcement types would be dispatched to find just one person?
Who may be thousands of miles away?
What does it's a question that many people here say?
What are nearly filled?
Who should they catch?
What has he survived one winter on?
What could their charter bus driver not resist?
Who did Farley say he doubted would find him?
Who did Nordmann say has no inside knowledge about Rudolph?
What said?
Who did Mary Kelley say we have not seen any of in awhile?
Who think he's been long gone for awhile?
Who do ANDREWS, N. C. _ Eric Rudolph think's been long gone for awhile?
Who does not everyone think is still hidden in these woods?
Who remains at large?
What dropped?
What may ANDREWS, N. C. _ Eric Rudolph be more likely by where there's plenty of water?
When has the task force heading up the search had a change in leadership?
What look to your left or right?
What did Sylva resident Steve Webb contemplate?
Who said the deer hunting season makes sense for Rudolph to stay in the area?
What saw it as an indictment of the FBI and other federal agencies?
What may he be thousands of?
What did Webb say in?
What did a few say they were aware of?
What does he not know, ``He does not know Mexico''?
When did Rudolph take about six months ' worth of supplies and a pickup truck from Nordmann?
Who is an experienced backwoodsman who would have just celebrated his 33rd birthday?
Who find Rudolph?
Who did Nordmann say he suspected actually came to Andrews ``so they could do surveillance on the militia folks out here?''
Who is Rudolph?
Who did not report the encounter to authorities for two days?
Who said, ``I 'm against abortion too _ it's just wrong _ but that's the wrong way to get there''?
What did Farley say he here is?
What do Drive a few hundred feet into the woods, look to?
Who did a few say were aware of the manhunt?
Who want to turn the corner?
What does Lancaster also help with?
Who did Sylva resident Steve Webb say he could see to?
What did Rudolph take from Nordmann in July 1998?
What does it's easy to see?
What is on our economic development?
What did a group from Georgia board on a recent day?
What so is the ostensible federal presence?
What does he keep open _ just in case?
What's a question that many people here say they once were preoccupied with?
Who did Farley say doubted searchers would find him?
Who did Farley say here is a big, big place?
When could ANDREWS, N. C. _ Eric Rudolph be lost?
What should not be forgotten in the saga of Eric Rudolph to many people?
What do I think?
Who does not know the beach, ``He does not know Mexico''?
Who have Federal law enforcement agents searched for since shortly after the Jan. 29,1998 bombing of a Birmingham abortion clinic?
Who did Nordmann know?
Where did Webb say he suspected?
Who should just a criminal catch?
What did officials familiar with the search say on with winter approaching?
Who was a Graham County resident?
Who may the 72-year-old navy veteran and former citrus farmer be?
What have searched for Rudolph since shortly after the Jan. 29,1998 bombing of a Birmingham abortion clinic?
What did Nordmann say he has?
When did Farley say makes sense for Rudolph to stay in the area?
What did Farley say the deer hunting season makes sense for Rudolph to stay in?
What was Jackie Lancaster?
What has Eric Farley been placed on?
Who did Farley say he doubted searchers would find?
When has he survived on the run?
What did hundreds of law enforcement agents saturate the area a year ago Andrews was engulfed by as satellite TV trucks lined the streets?
What do they think?
Who did residents say occasionally see agents buying fuel for their trucks in interviews?
What thinks Rudolph is still hidden in these woods?
What did Eric Farley say in?
What did residents say in interviews?
What does he keep his eyes open _ just in?
What continue what is one of the nation's longest and most chronicled manhunts?
Who said he suspected Rudolph is in the forest?
What did Rudolph first escape into?
What did a few say of?
Who is a native of the area who attended Nantahala High School?
What may he be more likely by where there's plenty of water?
What did Rudolph take about six months ' worth of from Nordmann in July 1998?
When did Jackie Lancaster say a Levi's jeans factory in Murphy just closed, and a Baker furniture plant in Andrews is leaving?
Who said?
What do Andrews want to turn?
What is our focus on?
What have Federal law enforcement agents searched for Rudolph since?
What did a spokesman in Atlanta say no briefings are planned to discuss?
What could find?
Who may be the last person to have seen Rudolph?
What declares ``Rudolph Eats Here'' on its marquee?
What should those human losses not be forgotten in to many people?
What did Jackie Lancaster say is leaving next summer?
Who did Nordmann say he suspected to?''
What do Federal law enforcement agents think?
What did several express no knowledge of?
What did she speak in?
Who was Andrews Chamber of Commerce executive director?
What does it's?
What did a spokesman in Atlanta say are planned to discuss any new events in the case?
What suspect on the run?
What does Sylva resident Steve Webb keep open _ just in case?
Who think he's still somewhere around here?
Who did Sylva resident Steve Webb say to?
What is the TV trucks so?
What did Eric Farley say he suspected in?
What did satellite TV trucks line?
What does Lancaster also give out?
What is Rudolph a native of who attended Nantahala High School?
What seemed intent on scribbling a few postcards?
When did Nordmann not report it to authorities?
What look to END OPTIONAL's left or right?
What did Farley say makes sense for Rudolph to stay in the area?
Who keeps his eyes open _ just in case?
Who thinks he's been long gone for awhile?
Whose a jeans factory in Murphy just closed, and a Baker furniture plant in Andrews did Jackie Lancaster say is leaving next summer?
Who does he's just a criminal To?
What are hundreds?
Who gave authorities a detailed description of Rudolph?
What does Eric Farley not know, ``He does not know Mexico''?
Who may fit all those roles?
What just do not care about?
What think ANDREWS, N. C. _ Eric Rudolph's still somewhere around here?
Who did Nordmann say he has no inside knowledge about?
What could several's charter bus driver not resist?
What cheered his elusiveness?
What work?
When did officials familiar with the search say that federal agents will continue to focus on the mountainous around Macon County?
Who did residents say they occasionally see in interviews?
Who do just a criminal find?
What expressed no knowledge of Rudolph?
What are those sentiments not pleasing to some in Andrews?
What does the task force heading up the search's?
What cheered ANDREWS, N. C. _ Eric Rudolph's elusiveness?
What saw the 500,000-acre Nantahala National Forest as an indictment of the FBI and other federal agencies?
Who said he here is a big, big place?
What could they do on the militia folks out here?
Who did Mary Kelley say residents have not seen any of in awhile?
Who talk about hundreds of underground caves and mines and the ability of an experienced outdoorsman to elude capture?
Who did not report it to authorities for two days?
Who does Eric Farley's just a criminal To?
What does Sylva resident Steve Webb keep his eyes open _ just in?
What is native to the mountains of western North Carolina?
Who operates the health food store?
What also helps with reservations?
Who did Nordmann say to?''
What was the chamber headquarters?
Who said he suspected the federal agents actually came to Andrews ``so they could do surveillance on the militia folks out here?''
What did Mary Kelley say residents have not seen any of in awhile?
Who may be hiding in a cave just up the hill from this western North Carolina town that cherishes how far out in the wilderness it is?
What should catch Eric Farley?
What did Eric Farley sit under waiting for a target?
Where do Drive a few hundred feet into the woods, look?
What also gives out train schedules?
What may ANDREWS, N. C. _ Eric Rudolph be thousands of?
What did several express?
What are gone?
What does the task force heading up the search's a question that many people here say?
What could Federal law enforcement agents do surveillance on out here?
Who had apparently added a beard and a ponytail?
What was found two days later near the entrance to a campground just east of here in Macon County?
What seemed intent on snapping pictures of downtown Andrews before the Great Smoky train pulled away?
Where did Farley say it makes sense for Rudolph to stay?
Who did Farley say knows here?
Who could do surveillance on the militia folks out here?
What did Mary Kelley say residents have not seen in awhile?
Whose elusiveness did some cheer?
What find Rudolph?
What did some cheer?
Where did Farley say the deer hunting season makes sense for Rudolph to stay?
What does Eric Farley's To me?
What did Nordmann not report the encounter to for two days?
When did a group from Georgia board the 10:30 a. m. train?
When are hopes high?
Who contemplated the situation?
Who were rugged area?
Who said we have not seen any of them in awhile?
What may Eric Rudolph fit?
Who could be lost in an instant?
What did Nordmann say?
What did some see the 500,000-acre Nantahala National Forest as?
What do natives talk about?
Who did Eric Farley say suspected Rudolph is in the forest?
Who was Farley?
Who was permanently maimed?
What may ANDREWS, N. C. _ Eric Rudolph be hiding in a cave just up the hill from?
What do a suspect on?
What has the FBI posted?
What do ANDREWS, N. C. _ Eric Rudolph think?
What did the information not lead to?
What does Nordmann operate?
What should catch him?
Who first escaped into the forest?
Who knew Rudolph?
What could they do surveillance on out here?
What has ANDREWS, N. C. _ Eric Rudolph survived one winter on?
Who said that federal agents will continue to focus on the mountainous around Macon County with winter approaching?
Who may be more likely by a creek where there's plenty of water?
What did a few say were aware of the manhunt?
Who do Federal law enforcement agents think's still somewhere around here?
Who did Nordmann say suspected the federal agents actually came to Andrews ``so they could do surveillance on the militia folks out here?''
Who broke the law?
What could do surveillance on the militia folks out here?
Who did Nordmann say he suspected the federal agents actually came to ``so they could do surveillance on the militia folks out here?''
What was the truck found two days later near?
What has the task force heading up the search had in recent months?
What did Farley say he doubted?
What did Mary Kelley say we have not seen any of in awhile?
Who died in the Alabama clinic bombing?
Who was a clerk at the popular Nantahala Outdoor Center?
Who said he could see how the isolation of the forest would appeal to a man on the run?
What did officials familiar with the search say that federal agents will continue to focus on around Macon County with winter approaching?
What did Webb say he suspected in?
What was the five-car yellow and red Great Smoky Mountains Railroad?
Who did Mary Kelley say have not seen any of them in awhile?
Who do I think's been long gone for awhile?
What stands along the Appalachian Trail?
Where did Webb say?
What did residents say occasionally see agents buying fuel for their trucks in interviews?
When is under way?
Who said no briefings are planned to discuss any new events in the case?
Who took about six months ' worth of supplies and a pickup truck from Nordmann in July 1998?
What did some see as an indictment of the FBI and other federal agencies?
What did hundreds of law enforcement agents saturate a year ago Andrews was engulfed by a national media circus as satellite TV trucks lined the streets?
Who said they occasionally see agents buying fuel for their trucks in interviews?
Who said residents have not seen any of them in awhile?
Who did hundreds of law enforcement agents saturate the area a year ago was engulfed by a national media circus as satellite TV trucks lined the streets?
What has he been placed on?
What happened on a Thursday?
What could several's charter bus driver not resist a bit of?
What had the suspect apparently added?
When did the encounter happen?
What has Rudolph become as as a suspect on the run?
Who sat under a tree silently waiting for a target?
What does not everyone think Rudolph is still hidden in?
What did Farley say it makes sense for Rudolph to stay in?
What has had a change in leadership in recent months?
Who did Webb say he suspected was either dead or in another country?
What should those human losses not be forgotten in the saga of Eric Rudolph to?
What said they were aware of the manhunt?
What did Eric Farley break?
What fell?
Who has survived one winter on the run?
Who did Sylva resident Steve Webb say could see how the isolation of the forest would appeal to a man on the run?
How many feet into the woods, look to your left or right?
What did officials familiar with the search say that federal agents will continue to focus on the mountainous around with winter approaching?
What are thousands?
Who is an experienced backwoodsman who would have just celebrated Andrews's 33rd birthday?
What could Federal law enforcement agents do on the militia folks out here?
What did the signs proclaiming ``residents'' survive?
Who could not resist a bit of teasing?
What goes on?
Who do they find?
What does he's To me?
Who should catch him?
What may ANDREWS, N. C. _ Eric Rudolph be?
What are high for a strong fall tourist season?
Who was Mary Kelley?
What is the deer hunting season under?
What pulled away?
What did Farley say it makes to stay in the area?
What think he's still somewhere around here?
What did Farley say?
What does END OPTIONAL's easy to see?
Who have not disclosed much about their search?
What is anti-abortion sentiment and distrust of government native to?
What did Nordmann not report it to for two days?
If he is indeed in the Nantahala forest somewhere who will he probably not be spotted in?
What did the signs proclaiming ``We'' survive?
What has had recent economic setbacks?
Who spoke in the chamber headquarters?
What did some see it as?
What did not lead to a quick capture?
Who said he knows here?
What did Eric Farley say he suspected Rudolph is in?
What do a few dozen agents continue?
Who said he suspected Rudolph was either dead or in another country?
Who's just a criminal To me?
What did residents say they occasionally see agents buying fuel for their trucks in?
What did he break?
What did Jackie Lancaster speak in?
What is just a criminal's focus on?
What do FBI expenses include?
Who grew up at western North Carolina?
Who do bombing suspect has cost the FBI an estimated $11. 2 million ATLANTA _ The 31-month search for Atlanta Olympic?
What do bombing suspect Eric Robert Rudolph has cost the FBI an estimated $11. 2 million ATLANTA _?
What did the Southeast Bomb Task Force close?
What do bombing suspect Eric Robert Rudolph has cost the FBI an estimated $11. 2 million _ The 31-month search for Atlanta Olympic?
What includes $13. 4 million in state and federal expenses estimated previously, plus the new FBI estimate issued in response media requests?
Who said, ``I do not know how you put a price tag on the investigation'' of such an important terrorism suspect''?
Who did a heavily armed task force pursue Eric Robert Rudolph to?
Who say Rudolph disappeared into a part of the dense Appalachians renowned for its hiking and whitewater rafting?
Where was its lead agent reassigned?
Who was the last verified sighting of Rudolph in July 1998 near?
Who say Rudolph disappeared into a part of the dense Appalachians renowned for a nail bomb's hiking and whitewater rafting?
What did chief Steve McCraw say there was in March?
What was March?
When do the agency's estimate spans?
What does Eric Robert Rudolph bring the publicly acknowledged cost of to $24. 6 million?
What estimate spans only from Oct. 1 through Sept. 30,1999?
What did Eric Robert Rudolph detonate a nail bomb at that morning, officials charge?
What has spent the most money during the intense search of the Appalachian Mountains of western North Carolina?
What has the FBI spent during the intense search of the Appalachian Mountains of western North Carolina?
When did authorities begin searching for Rudolph?
Who do officials say disappeared into a part of the dense Appalachians renowned for its hiking and whitewater rafting?
What did chief Steve McCraw say in March?
What do officials say into?
What does Eric Robert Rudolph bring to $24. 6 million?
What was reassigned to Washington?
What do officials say Rudolph disappeared into?
Who do officials say disappeared into a part of the dense Appalachians renowned for a nail bomb's hiking and whitewater rafting?
What closed the command center?
Who said there was no reason to believe Rudolph was anywhere but in the forests of North Carolina in March?
What was a heavily armed task force's lead agent reassigned to?
What do bombing suspect ATLANTA _ The 31-month search for Atlanta Olympic?
Where did Rudolph grow up?
Who brings the publicly acknowledged cost of the search to $24. 6 million?
What was a former textile mill leased from the town?
Where was a heavily armed task force's lead agent reassigned?
What did Rudolph grow up at?
What suspect Eric Robert Rudolph has cost the FBI an estimated $11. 2 million ATLANTA _ The 31-month search for Atlanta Olympic?
What did chief Steve McCraw say there was no reason to believe in in March?
What was the command post?
What was in July 1998 near Andrews?
What cost $5,250 a month?
What does the total include?
Who was N. C.?
When did chief Steve McCraw say there was no reason to believe Rudolph was anywhere but in the forests of North Carolina?
What include salaries, benefits, travel, transportation, supplies, services and equipment?
Who did a heavily armed task force pursue to Andrews?
What did the Southeast Bomb Task Force retreat to?
What began searching for Rudolph on Jan. 29,1998?
When was the last verified sighting of Rudolph near Andrews?
What did McCraw say, ``Eric Robert Rudolph do not know on suspect''?
Who did authorities begin searching for on Jan. 29,1998?
What retreated to a token presence?
What does Eric Robert Rudolph bring the publicly acknowledged cost of the search to?
What was its lead agent reassigned to?
Who was task force?
What has the FBI spent the most money during?
When do the agency's estimate only from Oct. 1 through Sept. 30,1999?
What was Andrews?
Who said, ``Eric Robert Rudolph do not know how you put a price tag on the investigation'' of such an important terrorism suspect''?
What did he detonate a nail bomb at that morning, officials charge?
What pursued him to Andrews?
What pursued Eric Robert Rudolph to Andrews?
Who did a heavily armed task force pursue him to?
What did McCraw say, ``I do not know on suspect''?
What did Attorney General Janet Reno say with?
Who was Eric Robert Rudolph?
Who find him?
What do we bring him to?
What did Reno say on?
Who 're not going to rest until we bring him to justice?
What did Reno say that Rudolph is on?
Who bring him to justice?
Who do we bring to justice?
When was WASHINGTON?
Who was placed on the FBI's Most Wanted List last May?
What was offered based on earlier charges that he bombed a Birmingham abortion clinic?
What was Louis Freeh Director of?
What was October 14-- U. S. Federal authorities on Wednesday charged Eric Robert Rudolph with bombings including one?
Where did WASHINGTON blast in Atlanta during the 1996 Olympics?
What did WASHINGTON blast in the Centennial Park in Atlanta during?
Who was one of the FBI's 10 most-wanted fugitives?
What did Law enforcement official determine to?
Who was Louis Freeh?
Where did WASHINGTON blast in the Centennial Park during the 1996 Olympics?
Who was injured in the Birmingham bombing?
What did Law enforcement official determine that powder has been connected to at Centennial Olympic Park?
Who was Director of the Federal Bureau of Investigation?
What killed one person?
What was Rudolph placed on?
What did WASHINGTON blast in in Atlanta during the 1996 Olympics?
What was offered based on earlier charges that Eric Robert Rudolph bombed a Birmingham abortion clinic?
What blasted in the Centennial Park in Atlanta during the 1996 Olympics?
What did WASHINGTON blast in the Centennial Park in during the 1996 Olympics?
Who do we find?
Who determined that powder has been connected to the 1996 bombing at Centennial Olympic Park?
Who was Eric Robert Rudolph one of?
What was a nurse injured in?
Where did Law enforcement official determine that powder has been connected to the 1996 bombing?
Who was killed?
What did Attorney General Janet Reno say was being filed with a federal court?
Who said Rudolph ``now is charged with six bombings,'' including three in Atlanta and the January 29 bombing of a Birmingham abortion clinic?
Who said that Rudolph is on the run?
What did Louis Freeh say with?
What did Law enforcement official determine that powder has been connected to the 1996 bombing at?
What was a one million U. S. dollars reward offered based on?
Who did the Olympic bombing kill?
What was Rudolph charged with in Febraury?
Who help in capturing Rudolph?
What did the similarities say the similarities helped authorities link Rudolph to?
What did they say the similarities helped authorities link Rudolph to?
Who fear that Rudolph is getting help?
Whose name was added to the FBI's 10 Most Wanted list this year?
What authorites charged Eric Robert Rudolph the elusive fugitive sought in the bomb of the Olympic park bombing of 1996 and two other Atlanta-area terroist attacks Wedensday?
What were two people died and 100 injured in?
Who did they say the similarities helped authorities link to the bombings?
What would not elaborate?
What was Rudolph formally charged in last year's attacks against a north Atlanta abortion clinic and a local gay nightclub in?
Who was charged with this year's bombing of a clinic in Birminghan in Febraury?
What did they say helped authorities link Rudolph to the bombings?
How many people were injured in those explosions?
What has a 1 million U. S. dollars award been offered for leading to Eric Robert Rudolph's conviction?
What has been offered for information leading to Eric Robert Rudolph's conviction?
What was Rudolph formally charged in last year's attacks against in addition to the Olympics bombing?
What did Attorney General Janet Reno and FBI Director Louis Freeh release?
What has Rudolph been since January?
When do as many as 200 agents beat through the rugged terrain searching for Rudolph?
What has been offered for information leading to his conviction?
What were nine people injured in?
What were injured in the Olympics bombing?
Who released a photograph showing Rudolph in khaki shorts and a green T-shirt that investigators believe Rudolph was wearing in Atlanda the day of the Olympics blast?
What did the similarities say the similarities helped link Rudolph to the bombings?
Who said, ``This warrant moves us one step closer to ending a campaign of violence''?
Who is an experienced outdoorsman?
Who was seriously injuired in the blast?
Who is Rudolph?
Who said, ``Eric Rudolph is on the run''?
What beat through the rugged terrain searching for Rudolph at times?
Who does WASHINGTON authorites charged?
What was Eric Robert Rudolph's name added to?
What was his name added to?
What was added to the FBI's 10 Most Wanted list this year?
Who has been the subject of a massive manhunt focused in Nantahala National Forest in western North Carolina since January?
What was Rudolph charged with this year's bombing of a clinic in Birminghan in?
How many people died and 100 were injured in the Olympics bombing?
Who was formally charged in last year's attacks against a north Atlanta abortion clinic and a local gay nightclub in addition to the Olympics bombing?
What do authorities fear that Rudolph is getting?
When is WASHINGTON?
What said the similarities helped authorities link Rudolph to the bombings?
Who would not elaborate?
What do authorities fear?
How many agents beat through the rugged terrain searching for Rudolph at times?
What do as many as 200 agents beat through searching for Rudolph at times?
What were injured in those explosions?
What was Rudolph formally charged in against a north Atlanta abortion clinic and a local gay nightclub in addition to the Olympics bombing?
What has Rudolph been the subject of since January?
What was a nurse seriously injuired in?
What did they say the similarities helped link Rudolph to the bombings?
When has Rudolph been the subject of a massive manhunt focused in Nantahala National Forest in western North Carolina?
Who was killed?
Who did the similarities say the similarities helped authorities link to the bombings?
Who said the similarities helped authorities link Rudolph to the bombings?
What did the similarities say helped authorities link Rudolph to the bombings?
Who said?
What has a 1 million U. S. dollars award been offered for leading to his conviction?
What is October 15-- Federal?
