What was an arduous process done only 27 times in the document's 211-year history?
Who was the first president to exercise a line-item veto?
What said that type of line-item veto could be authorized only by amending the Constitution?
What was the line-item veto law challenged by growers ' group after U. S. President Bill Clinton vetoed provisions they sought that were granted by Congress?
What did the line-item veto let the president cancel?
What did U. S. President Bill Clinton veto provisions they sought by?
What did the Supreme Court strike down as?
What was the line-item veto law challenged by New York City and an Idaho potato growers ' group after U. S. President Bill Clinton vetoed provisions by?
What did Thursday's 6-3 decision say?
What did U. S. President Bill Clinton veto they sought that were granted by Congress?
What did the court say the constitutional language does not allow in?
What let him cancel specific items in tax and spending measures?
What did the court say does not allow what in effect would be partial vetoes?
Who vetoed provisions they sought that were granted by Congress?
Who did the line-item veto let cancel specific items in tax and spending measures?
When did Congress enact the veto?
What did the line-item veto let him cancel?
Who did U. S. President Bill Clinton veto provisions sought that were granted by Congress?
What did U. S. President Bill Clinton veto provisions they sought that were granted by?
What did U. S. President Bill Clinton veto provisions sought that were granted by Congress?
What let the president cancel specific items in tax and spending measures?
What was an authority sought by almost every president this century as a tool to limit wasteful politically based spending by Congress?
What was challenged by New York City and an Idaho potato growers ' group after U. S. President Bill Clinton vetoed provisions they sought that were granted by Congress?
What was the line-item veto law challenged by New York City and an Idaho potato growers ' group after U. S. President Bill Clinton vetoed provisions they sought by?
What was the line-item veto?
What did the justices say?
What did U. S. President Bill Clinton veto provisions by?
Who was Clinton to exercise a line-item veto?
What enacted the veto in 1996?
What struck down as unconstitutional a law giving the president a line-item veto?
What was the Constitution?
What said the constitutional language does not allow what in effect would be partial vetoes?
What did Congress enact in 1996?
What did Thursday's 6-3 decision say the law violates?
Who used it 82 times last year?
What did the court say in?
Whose attempt to obtain notes taken by James Hamilton nine days before Foster committed suicide did it thus block in July 1993?
Who concluded that the 1996 act ``may or may not be desirable''?
Whose separation of powers clause did a U. S. District Court here say Congress violated by delegating such authority to the president?
What is the 1996 Line Item Veto Act surely not a document?
When did it thus block Independent Counsel Kenneth Starr's attempt to obtain notes taken by James Hamilton nine days before Foster committed suicide?
What were partial vetoes?
What are that HIV-infected people protected by even if they suffer no symptoms of AIDS?
Who wrote for the court?
What is the 1996 Line Item Veto Act surely not that is constitutional?
What did the 8-1 decision say?
What did a U. S. District Court here say Congress violated by delegating such authority to the president?
Who was the lawyer for deputy White House counsel Vincent Foster Jr.?
What agreed on Thursday?
What did a Maine dentist violate?
What established the principle of separation of powers among the three branches of government?
What did Article 1 of the Constitution establish the principle of?
What did U. S. Solicitor General Seth Waxman contend in his argument for the Clinton administration?
Who has canceled 82 items in 11 laws?
Who said the law ``authorized the president himself to effect the repeal of laws?''
What are protected by a federal ban on discrimination against the disabled even if they suffer no symptoms of AIDS?
What was the line-item veto?
What does their work say?
What did Justice John Paul Stevens say?''
What ruled the line-item veto unconstitutional?
What did Congress say?
What did New York City challenge?
What did Breyer's dissent say that while the Line Item Veto Act ``skirts a constitutional edge. . . it does not violate any basic separation of?''
What were practical terms?
What is considered indecent?
What has the president canceled?
How many items in 11 laws has the president canceled?
What did Stevens conclude?
Who was Clinton to exercise a line-item veto?
What did the court also say the 1996 measure authorized the president to issue?
What did the Snake River Potato Growers and an officer of the Idaho group say they were injured by?
What did the court also say authorized the president to issue what were?
What is it surely not that is constitutional?
What also sued?
What did Breyer's dissent say that while the Line Item Veto Act ``skirts a constitutional edge. . . it does not violate?''
Who was Stevens joined in his opinion by?
Who did Congress say could cancel individual items in tax and spending bills within five days of signing them into law?
What was allowed to try to reinstate the items by having both houses pass them in separate bills?
What did a U. S. District Court here say violated the Constitution's separation of powers clause by delegating such authority to the president?
Who did the court say the 1996 Line Item Veto Act unconstitutionally allows in a 6-3 ruling?
What is it surely not a document?
What did the Supreme Court rule Thursday?
What did Congress say the president could cancel?
Whose dissent said that while the Line Item Veto Act ``skirts a constitutional edge. . . it does not violate any basic separation of powers principle?''
Who was James Hamilton?
What did the Snake River Potato Growers and an officer of the Idaho group say by?
What did the court say in a 6-3 ruling?
What did the Supreme Court thus block in July 1993?
Who dissented?
Who did the court also say the 1996 measure authorized to issue what were?
Who was the first president to exercise a line-item veto?
What did the 5-4 ruling order a lower court to reconsider?
What did Article 1 of the Constitution establish?
What did lawyers for the challengers say by in their arguments before the court?
Who did a U. S. District Court here say to?
What did the court say unconstitutionally allows the president in a 6-3 ruling?
What did the 8-1 decision say can consider decency?
What challenged the law?
What said the 1996 Line Item Veto Act unconstitutionally allows the president in a 6-3 ruling?
What said the National Endowment for the Arts can consider decency?
Who was joined in his opinion by Chief Justice William H. Rehnquist and Justices Anthony M. Kennedy, David Souter, Clarence Thomas and Ruth Bader Ginsburg?
Whose attempt to obtain notes taken by James Hamilton nine days before Foster committed suicide did the Supreme Court thus block in July 1993?
Who violated the Americans With Disabilities Act when he refused to fill an HIV-infected woman's tooth in his office?
When did the high court agree?
What did it thus block in July 1993?
What thus blocked Independent Counsel Kenneth Starr's attempt to obtain notes taken by James Hamilton nine days before Foster committed suicide in July 1993?
What says the policy?
What did the court rule in?
What said the president could cancel individual items in tax and spending bills within five days of signing them into law?
What was a Medicaid tax benefit to New York City?
What was an authority sought by nearly every chief executive this century as a tool to limit pork-barrel spending?
Whose separation of powers clause did a U. S. District Court here say to?
What ruled in other major decisions?
What did Breyer's dissent say?''
What did U. S. Solicitor General Seth Waxman contend in an officer of the Idaho group's argument for the Clinton administration?
What also said the 1996 measure authorized the president to issue what were?
What did a U. S. District Court here say Congress violated the Constitution's separation of by delegating such authority to the president?
What did the Snake River Potato Growers and an officer of the Idaho group say capital-gains taxes were injured by?
What said Congress violated the Constitution's separation of powers clause by delegating such authority to the president?
What is surely not a document that is constitutional?
What said that while the Line Item Veto Act ``skirts a constitutional edge. . . it does not violate any basic separation of powers principle?''
What did lawyers for the challengers say by in the Snake River Potato Growers and an officer of the Idaho group's arguments before the court?
What does cash grants's work say?
What did the court say the 1996 Line Item Veto Act unconstitutionally allows the president in?
What did Justice John Paul Stevens write for?
What was one?
What did the court also say?
What did a U. S. District Court here rule unconstitutional?
What was Stevens joined in by Chief Justice William H. Rehnquist and Justices Anthony M. Kennedy, David Souter, Clarence Thomas and Ruth Bader Ginsburg?
When did the Supreme Court thus block Independent Counsel Kenneth Starr's attempt to obtain notes taken by James Hamilton nine days before Foster committed suicide?
What did the 8-1 decision say the National Endowment for the Arts can consider?
What did the court say in a 6-3 ruling?
Who did the court also say the 1996 measure authorized to issue what were?
Who was the first president to exercise a line-item veto?
Who concluded that the 1996 act ``may or may not be desirable''?
What did Article 1 of the Constitution establish?
What is the 1996 Line Item Veto Act surely not a document?
What did the court say unconstitutionally allows the president in a 6-3 ruling?
What were partial vetoes?
What said the 1996 Line Item Veto Act unconstitutionally allows the president in a 6-3 ruling?
Who wrote for the court?
What is the 1996 Line Item Veto Act surely not that is constitutional?
What said the only way such vetoes can be authorized is through a constitutional amendment?
What did the justices say the only way such vetoes can be authorized is through?
What established the principle of separation of powers among the three branches of government?
What did Article 1 of the Constitution establish the principle of?
What said the president could cancel individual items in tax and spending bills within five days of signing them into law?
What was an authority sought by nearly every chief executive this century as a tool to limit pork-barrel spending?
Who said the law ``authorized the president himself to effect the repeal of laws?''
What also said the 1996 measure authorized the president to issue what were?
What was the line-item veto?
What did Justice John Paul Stevens say?''
What did Congress say?
What is surely not a document that is constitutional?
What were practical terms?
What did Stevens conclude?
What did the court say the 1996 Line Item Veto Act unconstitutionally allows the president in?
Who was Clinton to exercise a line-item veto?
What did the court also say the 1996 measure authorized the president to issue?
What did the court also say authorized the president to issue what were?
What is it surely not that is constitutional?
What did Justice John Paul Stevens write for?
What did the court also say?
What did it say?
Who did Congress say could cancel individual items in tax and spending bills within five days of signing them into law?
What was allowed to try to reinstate the items by having both houses pass them in separate bills?
What did a challenge to the act brought by six members of Congress say?
Who did the court say the 1996 Line Item Veto Act unconstitutionally allows in a 6-3 ruling?
What did the justices say is through a constitutional amendment?
What is it surely not a document?
What did the Supreme Court rule Thursday?
What did Congress say the president could cancel?
What did the high court rule the Line Item Veto Act violated the constitution's separation of powers between Congress it in?
Who did the justices add that process requires to approve or reject legislation in full?
Who joined Stevens ' opinion?
What did the Line Item Veto Act go into in January 1997?
What did Clinton eliminate sections of?
Who did the high court say lacked standing to bring the challenge because they suffered no injury as a result of the law's enactment?
What could a president _ after signing a budget bill into law _ unilaterally strike individual funding sections of the measure under?
What did the high court say violates the Constitution's ``single and exhaustively considered procedure'' for the enactment of laws?
Who does the law merely allow to continue what they have always done by exercising executive discretion to spend or not spend money Congress has appropriated?
What did Dissenting Justice Antonin Scalia defend as a legitimate exercise of Congress ' constitutional prerogative?
What did the Supreme Court on Thursday strike down as?
What suffered no injury as a result of the law's enactment?
What did President Clinton call ``a defeat for all Americans''?
What could Congress create?
What went into effect in January 1997?
What was Clinton vs. New York City?
What did the high court say as?
What did the high court say the law violates?
Who took the unusual and intense step of reading part of his dissent from the bench?
What were valid?
What did the court _ over an objection from Scalia _ say New York City and Idaho potato in this year's case?
What impermissibly allowed the president to strike legislation piecemeal?
What did the justices say the president has?
When did the Line Item Veto Act go into effect?
Who issued a statement saying he was ``deeply disappointed'' by the Supreme Court's ruling?
What approves legislation, and the president, who either signs it into law or vetoes?
What did the Line Item Veto Act impermissibly allow the president to strike piecemeal?
What did they suffer no injury as?
Who wrote, ``Failure of political will does not justify unconstitutional remedies''?
What did the high court rule the Line Item Veto Act violated the constitution's separation of powers between Congress who in?
What struck down as unconstitutional a law that enabled chief executives to delete individual funding items from massive budget legislation?
What merely allows presidents to continue what they have always done by exercising executive discretion to spend or not spend money Congress has appropriated?
What ruled the Line Item Veto Act violated the constitution's separation of powers between Congress who in a 6-3 decision?
What did the high court say the lawmakers lacked standing to bring because they suffered no injury as a result of the law's enactment?
Who could _ after signing a budget bill into law _ unilaterally strike individual funding sections of the measure under the controversial statute?
What did WASHINGTON _ strike down as?
Who said?
Who did the Line Item Veto Act impermissibly allow to strike legislation piecemeal?
Who suffered no injury as a result of the law's enactment?
What does Congress approve legislation, and the president, who either signs the Supreme Court on Thursday into?
What does the Constitution expressly authorize the president to play?
What did the Supreme Court on Thursday deal?
What did Justices Sandra Day O'Connor and Stephen G. Breyer join?
What did he call ``a defeat for all Americans''?
What did the case the high court decided mark the second time the justices considered the constitutionality of?
Who does the Constitution expressly authorize to play a role in the process of enacting statutes?
What did the president eliminate break in purchasing a processing facility with regard to the Idaho group?
What did the high court rule in a 6-3 decision?
What ruled the Line Item Veto Act violated the constitution's separation of powers between Congress it in a 6-3 decision?
What did the case the high court decided mark the second time the justices considered?
What said the law violates the Constitution's ``single and exhaustively considered procedure'' for the enactment of laws?
What END HERE?
What did the high court say?
Who took the unusual and intense step of reading part of Anthony M. Kennedy's dissent from the bench?
Who joined Scalia's dissent?
Who did the justices say has no authority to erase individual provisions in legislation?
What did the court reject?
What rejected a challenge from senators and representatives who said the statute violated the authority of Congress to write laws?
What does Congress approve legislation, and the president, who either signs it into?
What impermissibly allowed him to strike legislation piecemeal?
What did Chief Justice William H. Rehnquist and Justices Ruth Bader Ginsburg, Anthony M. Kennedy, David H. Souter and Clarence Thomas join?
What did the case the high court decided mark the second time considered the constitutionality of the Line Item Veto Act?
Who called the Supreme Court's ruling ``a defeat for all Americans''?
Who eliminated sections of funding legislation that would have benefited the city and farmers?
Whose dissent did Justices Sandra Day O'Connor and Stephen G. Breyer join?
What expressly authorizes the president to play a role in the process of enacting statutes?
What did Dissenting Justice Antonin Scalia take?
Who was the case the high court decided?
What does not give the president new veto authority?
What marked the second time the justices considered the constitutionality of the Line Item Veto Act?
What said the lawmakers lacked standing to bring the challenge because they suffered no injury as a result of the law's enactment?
What did the justices add requires the president to approve or reject legislation in full?
What did the case the high court decided mark the justices considered the constitutionality of the Line Item Veto Act?
What did President Clinton issue a statement saying by?
What added that process requires the president to approve or reject legislation in full?
Whose opinion did Chief Justice William H. Rehnquist and Justices Ruth Bader Ginsburg, Anthony M. Kennedy, David H. Souter and Clarence Thomas join?
What dealt a blow to the power of U. S. presidents?
What approves legislation, and the president, who either signs the Supreme Court on Thursday into law or vetoes?
Who defended the law as a legitimate exercise of Congress ' constitutional prerogative?
What did the Line Item Veto Act impermissibly allow him to strike piecemeal?
What did the high court rule violated the constitution's separation of powers between Congress it in a 6-3 decision?
What does the law merely allow presidents to continue?
What did the case the high court decided mark the second time?
What did Dissenting Justice Antonin Scalia defend the law as?
What did Clinton eliminate?
What said the president has no authority to erase individual provisions in legislation?
What did they suffer as a result of the law's enactment?
What did President Clinton issue?
What could create a separate bill to restore the deleted provisions with a majority vote of both the House and Senate?
What did the high court rule violated the constitution's separation of powers between Congress who in a 6-3 decision?
Who shall judge necessary and expedient?
What takes place BEFORE the bill becomes law?
Who may influence?
What do not improperly shift the constitutionally foreseen balance of power from Congress to the President?
What did the First Congress make for the entire government ``sum not exceeding'' specified amounts for broad purposes from 1789-1791?
Who may initiate?
What did the First Congress make lump-sum appropriations for not exceeding'' specified amounts for broad purposes from 1789-1791?
What are what has emerged in these cases from the President's exercise of the President's statutory cancellation powers truncated versions of?
What is concerned?
What has a bill passed?
What do not violate any basic separation of powers principle?
What became effective on January 1,1997?
What is the Constitution in?
What does not offend Art?
How many members of Congress who had voted against the act brought suit in the District Court for the District of Columbia challenging its constitutionality?
What do I recognize that the act before us is novel By Justice Breyer In?
What did Congress presumably anticipate in?
What did six members of Congress who had voted against the act bring suit in the District Court for the District of Columbia challenging?
What is not a line item veto?
What was the case Clinton vs. City of?
Who do means not improperly shift the constitutionally foreseen balance of power from Congress to?
Who does the President's action it authorizes in fact not offend?
What does it skirt in a sense?
If not he shall return it, what shall enter the objections at large on their journal?
What did the District Court enter an order holding on April 10,1997?
What do they comply with?
What were filed by Justice Antonin Scalia?
Who brought suit in the District Court for the District of Columbia challenging its constitutionality?
What were valid?
What represent an experiment that may, or may not, help representative government work better?
What has the President amended by repealing a portion of each in both legal and practical effect?
What has a bill passed both houses of?
What did the First Congress make lump-sum appropriations for the entire government ``sum not exceeding'' specified amounts for from 1789-1791?
What do those means not violate any basic separation of?
What is the Constitution silent on that either repeals or amends parts of duly enacted statutes?
What did six members of Congress who had voted against the act bring in the District Court for the District of Columbia challenging its constitutionality?
What cannot alter the procedures set out in Article I without amending the Constitution?
What is the bill usually described as?
What were the President?
What does edge have to do with?
What has passed both houses of Congress?
What is the enactment?
What does instead authorizing the President to ``cancel'' an item of spending?
What expressly authorizes the President to play a role in the process of enacting statutes?
What does the constitutional return take place becomes law?
What does the statutory cancellation occur AFTER?
What has succeeded in faking out the Supreme Court?
What cannot alter the procedures set out in Article the President without amending the Constitution?
What was joined by Justices William H. Rehnquist, Anthony M. Kennedy, David H. Souter, Clarence Thomas and Ruth Bader Ginsburg?
What does the Constitution authorize to try novel methods in this way?
What do I and Article II assign to the President that directly relate to the lawmaking process?
What was enacted in April 1996?
What was perhaps designed to simplify for public comprehension, or perhaps merely to comply with the terms of a campaign pledge?
What is the statutory cancellation of?
What is silent on the subject of unilateral Presidential action that either repeals or amends parts of duly enacted statutes?
What has been done since the founding of the nation?
What is in my view?
What is it silent on that either repeals or amends parts of duly enacted statutes?
Who comply with Separation of Powers principles?
What do they represent?
What is subject to being overridden by a two-thirds vote in each House?
What do means not improperly shift from Congress to the President?
What do I recognize By Justice Breyer In sum?
What are what has emerged in these cases from the President's exercise of the President's statutory cancellation powers truncated?
What does the technical difference NOT relate to?
Who does the President's action the President authorizes in fact not offend?
If not he shall return it, what shall who proceed to reconsider?
What are what has emerged in these cases from the President's exercise of his statutory cancellation powers truncated?
Whose action the President authorizes in fact does not offend Art?
If not the President shall return a bill, what shall proceed to reconsider it?
What addresses the issue presented by these cases?
What does the Constitution authorize Congress and the President to try novel methods in?
What is of only a part?
What comply with Separation of Powers principles?
What does FROM THE DISSENT skirt a constitutional edge in?
Who cles?
Who shall sign it?
What _ Following are excerpts from Thursday's Supreme Court decision striking down the presidential line-item veto?
Who do I recognize that the act before us is novel By In sum?
What can Congress not alter?
What do they not improperly shift the constitutionally foreseen balance of from Congress to the President?
What is it silent on the subject of unilateral Presidential action?
What do not amount literally to the enactment?
What do they not improperly shift from Congress to the President?
What do they not improperly shift the constitutionally foreseen balance of power from to the President?
What presumably anticipated that the President might cancel some of the items in the Balanced Budget Act and in the Taxpayer Relief Act?
What does the Constitution authorize Congress and the President to try in this way?
If not he shall return it, what shall proceed to reconsider it?
Who is 7?
What do means not improperly shift the constitutionally foreseen balance of from Congress to the President?
What does the statutory cancellation occur AFTER the bill becomes?
What is repeal or amendment of a law?
What do those means not violate?
What is the Constitution silent on the subject of unilateral Presidential action?
When is the fact that Congress intended such a result?
What does the constitutional return take place?
Who understood the text of the Presentment Clause as requiring that he either ``approve all the parts of a bill, or reject it in toto?''
What must be presented to the President?
What does neither address?
Who has amended two Acts of Congress by repealing a portion of each in both legal and practical effect?
Who assign responsibilities to the President that directly relate to the lawmaking process?
What are what has emerged in these cases from the President's exercise of his statutory cancellation powers truncated versions of?
Who must a bill be presented to?
What was Clinton vs. City of New York?
What were I?
Who recognizes that the act before us is novel By Justice Breyer In sum?
If not he shall return it, what shall who enter at large on their journal?
What did our first President understand as requiring that he either ``approve all the parts of a bill, or reject it in toto?''
Who were the product of the great debates and compromises that produced the Constitution itself?
What are truncated versions of two bills that passed both Houses of Congress?
What is pre-eminently NOT a doctrine of technicalities?
What did our first President understand the text of the Presentment Clause as requiring in?''
What did the First Congress make lump-sum appropriations for the entire government ``sum not exceeding'' specified amounts for broad purposes from?
What did our first President understand the text of as requiring that he either ``approve all the parts of a bill, or reject it in toto?''
What has the President amended two Acts of by repealing a portion of each in both legal and practical effect?
What did six members of Congress who had voted against the act bring suit in challenging its constitutionality?
What does the statutory cancellation occur AFTER becomes law?
When was FROM THE DECISION enacted?
What is usually described as a ``veto,''?
What is I?
Whose view is the Constitution in?
What is in the President's view?
Who do they not improperly shift the constitutionally foreseen balance of power from Congress to?
What are also excerpted below?
What do the means chosen not amount literally to?
Who do not improperly shift the constitutionally foreseen balance of power from Congress to the President?
What does NOT relate to the technicalities of the Presentment Clause?
What does the Constitution expressly authorize the President to play?
What does the Line Item Veto Act instead authorizing the President to ``cancel''?
What was written by Justice John Paul Stevens?
What shall the President sign?
What do means not improperly shift the constitutionally foreseen balance of power from to the President?
What skirts a constitutional edge in a sense?
What occurs AFTER the bill becomes law?
Who was the opinion in the case written by?
What was the case?
Who shall sign a bill?
If not the President shall return a bill, what shall who proceed to reconsider?
What do I and Article II assign responsibilities to the President that directly relate to?
Whose action the President authorizes in fact is not a line item veto?
What authorizes Congress and the President to try novel methods in this way?
What did the First Congress make lump-sum appropriations for the entire government ``sum not exceeding'' for broad purposes from 1789-1791?
What has to do with means?
Who does the Line Item Veto Act instead authorizing to ``cancel'' an item of spending?
Whose action it authorizes in fact does not offend Art?
What does FROM THE DISSENT skirt in a sense?
Who represent an experiment that may, or may not, help representative government work better?
What is of the entire bill?
What made lump-sum appropriations for the entire government ``sum not exceeding'' specified amounts for broad purposes from 1789-1791?
Who were the product of the great debates and compromises that produced the Constitution the enactment of statutes set forth in the text of Article?
Who must it be presented to?
Who were dissenting opinions filed by?
What have been fully complied with?
Who does the Constitution expressly authorize to play a role in the process of enacting statutes?
What does it skirt a constitutional edge in?
What do familiar historical materials provide?''
What IS at issue here?
What do I and Article II assign responsibilities to the President to?
What entered an order holding that the Act is unconstitutional on April 10,1997?
What has the President amended two Acts of Congress by repealing a portion of each in?
Whose action it authorizes in fact is not a line item veto?
What did the District Court enter on April 10,1997?
What provide abundant support for the conclusion that the power to enact statutes may only ``be exercised in accord with a single procedure?''
What were I the product of?
What has the latter been done since?
What does WASHINGTON _ Following are striking down the presidential line-item veto?
What is the enactment repeal or amendment of?
What the doctrine of unconstitutional delegation IS at here?
Who do I and Article II assign responsibilities to that directly relate to the lawmaking process?
What does the constitutional return take BEFORE the bill becomes law?
What is the Constitution silent on the subject of unilateral Presidential action that either repeals?
When did FROM THE DECISION become effective on?
What is it silent on the subject of unilateral Presidential action that either repeals?
What shall he sign?
Who was the opinion in the case joined by?
What is the constitutional return of?
Whose ``return'' of a bill is subject to being overridden by a two-thirds vote in each House?
What does the constitutional return take place BEFORE the bill becomes?
When did the District Court enter an order holding that the Act is unconstitutional?
What were the President the product of?
What is of no moment?
If not he shall return it, what shall who enter the objections at large on?
What do means comply with?
How many Acts of Congress has the President amended by repealing a portion of each in both legal and practical effect?
What does WASHINGTON _ Following are excerpts from Thursday's Supreme Court decision striking down?
What does the Line Item Veto Act instead authorizing the President to ``cancel'' an item of?
What do means represent?
What could in turn reinstate the item by passing a separate bill?
Who said the issue was of ``profound importance?''
When was America?
What found that the ``Presentment Clause'' was crafted in a deliberate fashion?
What is the Supreme Court in?
Who characterized the ruling as ``a defeat for all Americans''?
What did Justice John Paul Stevens say of?''
What will shape the political environment in Washington intimately for years to come?
What really is a line-item veto?
What did its earliest adherants view it as in the past?
What will Thursday's ruling affect?
When was a great day for the United States of America?
What do Constitutional scholars believe the framers intended both houses of Congress and the president to approve?
What did that ruling strike down a law permitting either House of to veto some executive branch decisions?
Who did President Clinton say was ``deeply disappointed'' by the ruling in a statement released by the White House?
What was it not contemplated by?
What does WASHINGTON _ struck down legislation Thursday that permits the president to veto specific provisions of spending and tax bills?
When was the great day?
When did its earliest adherants view it as a tool of thrift?
What did he characterize the ruling as?
When was the ruling made?
What did it do in 38 of the instances in which Clinton exercised the power?
What is the line-item veto law clear that the line-item veto has resulted in?
What did the justices ruling Thursday grow out of to the law filed by parties in Idaho and New York directly harmed by specific line-item vetoes?
What is New York?
What was Thursday's ruling?
What does the ruling provide a window into?
What was especially sensitive to the separation of powers because of its own institutional role?
What did many Supreme Court decisions set off?
What was hailed by constitutional traditionalists?
Who was Republican of Arizona?
What grew in the 1980s and the early 1990s?
Who viewed it as a tool of thrift in the past?
What did Justice John Paul Stevens say the issue was of?''
What did President Clinton characterize as ``a defeat for all Americans''?
What did he characterize as ``a defeat for all Americans''?
What is the case Clinton v. City of?
Who does the court's ruling in effect establish a firewall between the law-making function of Congress and the final approval function of?
Who do Constitutional scholars believe intended both houses of Congress and the president to approve any law?
What is it clear that the line-item veto has resulted in?
What does it affirm the very first word of the first sentence of the first section of the first article of the Constitution shall be vested in?
What did Scalia argue that the true intent of the line-item veto law was misread by?
What did those who criticized Thursday's ruling emphasize?
What will be felt immediately this summer?
What does WASHINGTON _ The Supreme Court struck down legislation Thursday?
What does the ruling provide into the high court's view of the relationship between the other two branches of government?
What did its earliest adherants view as a tool of thrift in the past?
What lawmakers to add special or local-interest provisions into?
Who would ``save the nation millions of dollars a year''?
Who said he was ``deeply disappointed'' by the ruling in a statement released by the White House?
Who wrote for the dissenters?
What do Constitutional scholars believe the framers intended to approve any law?
What was a great day for the Constitution of the United States?
Who was Senator John McCain?
What did Scalia argue by?
Who was he joined by?
What does WASHINGTON _ The Supreme Court struck down legislation Thursday that permits the president to veto specific provisions of?
What does it affirm shall be vested in a Congress of the United States?
What were not harmed?
What did Justice John Paul Stevens say was of ``profound importance?''
What was America a great day for the Constitution of?
What did that ruling strike down a law permitting either House of Congress to veto?
What did the court find that the ``Presentment Clause'' was crafted in?
What did President Clinton characterize the ruling as?
What were constitutional traditionalists?
What did Lord Bryce say was ``desired by enlightened men''?
What does the court's ruling in effect establish?
What is the line-item veto law clear in?
Who did Lord Bryce say by?
Who was Kate Stith-Cabranes?
What was Senator John McCain Republican of?
What gathered force as the federal budget deficit grew in the 1980s and the early 1990s?
What is the law?
What was the great day a great day for the United States of?
What provides a window into the high court's view of the relationship between the other two branches of government?
Who was the decision hailed by?
Who were dissenting?
What is Clinton v. City of New York?
What did the Supreme Court take?
What will affect not only legislative strategy but also legislative content?
When will a historic ruling affecting the constitutional balance of power at the heart of the American political system's influence be felt immediately?
What did the justices ruling Thursday grow out of challenges to?
What did the justices say at the time?
What will this ruling shape intimately for years to come?
What came less from politics than from economics?
What was the Supreme Court?
What did the momentum gather as the federal budget deficit grew in the 1980s and the early 1990s?
Who to add special or local-interest provisions into spending bills?
What does a significant shift change?
What did the justices say was largely a theoretical exercise since they were not harmed at the time?
What did the item do the separate bill in in which Clinton exercised the power?
How many appropriations bills make their slow passage from subcommittee all the way to the president's desk?
What did the Supreme Court take the unusual step of noting?
What is the case?
What grew out of challenges to the law filed by parties in Idaho and New York directly harmed by specific line-item vetoes?
What did President Clinton say by in a statement released by the White House?
Who does WASHINGTON _ The Supreme Court struck down legislation Thursday that permits to veto specific provisions of spending and tax bills?
What _ The Supreme Court struck down legislation Thursday that permits the president to veto specific provisions of spending and tax bills?
What took the unusual step of noting it did ``not lightly''?
Who did Lord Bryce say the line-item veto was ``desired by''?
Who said, ``the court saw through that''?
What establishes a firewall between the law-making function of Congress and the final approval function of the president?
What is it clear in?
What was not contemplated by the Constitution?
What struck down a law permitting either House of Congress to veto some executive branch decisions?
Who wrote: ``All legislative powers herein granted at the first article of the Constitution''?
Who believe the framers intended both houses of Congress and the president to approve any law?
Who were Justices Antonin Scalia, Sandra Day O'Connor and Stephen G. Breyer?
What did it do the separate bill in in which Clinton exercised the power?
What did the court find that the line-item veto violated provides ``abundant support'' for the notion that there should be no deviation from the process?
Who was Senator Robert C. Byrd joined by?
Who argued that the true intent of the line-item veto law was misread by the court majority?
What did congressional prerogatives argue among?
Who said, ``The line-item veto act was a vital force in restoring the appropriate balance of power, and eliminating wasteful, unnecessary pork-barrel spending''?
What did the framers write: ``All legislative powers herein granted at''?
What was this not contemplated by?
What argued that the line-item veto represented an erosion of legislative powers by permitting a president to pick and choose among congressional spending decisions?
What lawmakers to add into spending bills?
What does WASHINGTON _?
What was made in 1983?
Who was a Yale Law School expert on legislation?
What make their slow passage from subcommittee all the way to the president's desk?
Who was joined by Chief Justice William H. Rehnquist and Justices Anthony M. Kennedy, David H. Souter, Clarence Thomas and Ruth Bader Ginsburg?
What did the justices say the senators ' suit was since they were not harmed at the time?
What was especially sensitive to the separation of powers because of WASHINGTON institutional role?
When did the past's earliest adherants view it as a tool of thrift?
What did Congress try to get around by saying the president actually signed bills into law?
Whose suit did the justices say at the time?
Who were not harmed?
When did the justices say the senators ' suit was largely a theoretical exercise since they were not harmed?
Who said, ``the court saw through it''?
What benefitted instead of the president though that time?
Who did Congress benefit instead of though that time?
What did the court find for?
Who wrote for the majority?
What did congressional prerogatives argue that the line-item veto represented by permitting a president to pick and choose among congressional spending decisions?
What did the framers write: ``herein granted at the first article of the Constitution''?
When did Congress benefit instead of the president?
Who was a West Virginia Democrat who has opposed the line-item veto for decades?
When will its influence be felt immediately?
What changes the way lawmakers sought funding for favored spending programs?
What emphasized the line-item veto's role in keeping government efficient and inexpensive?
What did the past's earliest adherants view as a tool of thrift in the past?
Who did Scalia write for?
Whose suit did the justices say was largely a theoretical exercise since they were not harmed at the time?
What tried to get around the ``Presentment Clause'' by saying the president actually signed bills into law?
What does WASHINGTON _ The Supreme Court struck down legislation Thursday that permits the president to veto?
What did the court find that the line-item veto violated this ``Presentment Clause,'' and the historical record provides ``abundant support'' for?
What did Congress try to get around the ``Presentment Clause'' by saying into?
What did supporters of the line-item veto announce?
What did the past's earliest adherants view it as in the past?
What did the item do in 38 of the instances in which Clinton exercised the power?
Who said, ``That's a highly formalistic approach''?
What did that ruling strike down a law permitting to veto some executive branch decisions?
What said the senators ' suit was largely a theoretical exercise since they were not harmed at the time?
What was including Clinton?
How many decisions did that ruling strike down a law permitting either House of Congress to veto?
What did the impetus to create a line-item veto come less from than from economics?
What does it affirm in?
What set off ripples that disturb the pond of politics?
When will this ruling shape the political environment in Washington to come?
What could Congress in turn reinstate by passing a separate bill?
What is 97-1374?
What did that ruling strike down permitting either House of Congress to veto some executive branch decisions?
What is clear that the line-item veto has resulted in a significant shift in the balance of power to the president?
What is a slow process that nonetheless frustrates factional interests?
What does a historic ruling affecting the constitutional balance of power at the heart of the American political system affirm in?
What do Constitutional scholars believe?
Who said the line-item veto was ``desired by enlightened men''?
What did Justice John Paul Stevens write for?
What did the court find in?
Who was Senator Robert C. Byrd?
What did the court find that the line-item veto violated for?
Who were especially those on Capitol Hill who guard congressional prerogatives?
What did President Clinton say he was ``deeply disappointed'' by in a statement released by the White House?
Who said, ``This is a great day''?
What is this really?
What did congressional prerogatives argue that the line-item veto represented an erosion of by permitting a president to pick and choose among congressional spending decisions?
When did the federal budget deficit grow?
What is in a historic ruling affecting the constitutional balance of power at the heart of the American political system?
What did &UR; &lr; into?
What did President Clinton say he was ``deeply disappointed'' by the ruling in?
What did the separate bill in 38 of the instances in which Clinton exercised the power?
What did President Clinton say with?
What was the line-item veto Sens. John McCain of?
What had Clinton used?
Who presided over the Constitutional Convention?
What have they proposed?
What did Justice Stevens say?
What said Thursday that such ``line-item vetoes'' were unconstitutional?
When was America?
When did the Supreme Court rule that there was no genuine ``case or controversy'' because the lawmakers had not suffered any ``personal, concrete'' injury?
Whose actions did they not challenge in court?
What said that the New York hospitals and the Idaho potato growers had suffered an ``actual injury'' on Thursday by contrast?
What was both Republicans?
What quoted George Washington?
What did Breyer say?''
What did President Clinton say he was ``deeply disappointed'' with?
Who said that the device ``compromises the political liberty of our citizens'' by concentrating power in the hands of the president?
What did Justice Anthony M. Kennedy chide Congress for surrendering power to the president in?
What was the Line-Item Veto Act passed as?
Who said, ``This is a great day for the United States of America''?
What was held by governors in many states?
What did the court say that the New York hospitals and the Idaho potato growers had suffered on Thursday by contrast?
Who was Va.?
What did Breyer say was an acceptable ``experiment'' that did not ``threaten the liberties of individual citizens?''
What did Stevens say?''
Who has used the line-item veto to rewrite 11 laws?
What said, ``The president has amended two acts of Congress by repealing a portion of each''?
Who would receive thousands of bills each year under this arrangement?
Who has infuriated members of Congress?
Who did not challenge President Clinton's actions in court?
Who advocated a pragmatic view of the Constitution?
What did the American people not challenge President Clinton's actions in?
What did the Supreme Court rule in June 1997?
What rejected a decades-old attempt mostly by Congressional Republican leaders to strengthen the hand of the president in struggles with Congress in a 6-3 decision?
What did Byrd say this was ``?''
How many powers are united together?
What did Justice Stevens say that the line-item veto could harm?
When did the Supreme Court rule that the Constitution prohibited the president from rewriting legislation by vetoing single items of spending or tax breaks approved by Congress?
What was Justice Stevens in the case Clinton vs. City of?
How many champions of the line-item veto, Sens. John McCain of Arizona and Daniel Coats of Indiana, both Republicans, have proposed an alternative?
What did President Clinton travel in?
When did the court say that the New York hospitals and the Idaho potato growers had suffered an ``actual injury'' by contrast?
Who did Justices Antonin Scalia, Stephen Breyer and Sandra Day O'Connor say would have upheld the line-item veto?
What did George Washington preside over?
What does President Clinton have infuriated members of?
What did Chief Justice William Rehnquist and Justices Kennedy, David Souter, Clarence Thomas and Ruth Bader Ginsburg join by Justice Stevens in the case?
What did the Supreme Court rule Thursday?
What did (END OPTIONAL TRIM) Stevens say?
What did Justices Antonin Scalia, Stephen Breyer and Sandra Day O'Connor say?
If Congress wants to establish such a procedure what must amend the Constitution?
Who did Chief Justice William Rehnquist and Justices Kennedy, David Souter, Clarence Thomas and Ruth Bader Ginsburg join the majority opinion by?
Who joined Democrats in complaining that Clinton had killed worthy projects in their home states?
Who said, ``The decision is a defeat for all Americans''?
What was a great day for the Constitution of the United States?
What will also benefit?
What did two champions of the line-item veto of Indiana say would keep fighting for it?
What did the American people not challenge in court?
What can keep the tax break Chief Justice William Rehnquist and Justices Kennedy, David Souter, Clarence Thomas and Ruth Bader Ginsburg received from Congress?
What ruled Thursday that the Constitution prohibited the president from rewriting legislation by vetoing single items of spending or tax breaks approved by Congress?
What are united together?
What did George Washington later write in?
What was America a great day for the Constitution of?
When has Byrd served in the Senate?
Who was the line-item veto?
What do God save!
What ruled that there was no genuine ``case or controversy'' because the lawmakers had not suffered any ``personal, concrete'' injury in June 1997?
What did Stevens say ``The Line-Item Veto Act authorizes the president himself to effect the repeal of''?
What did Byrd express?
Who was No. 97-1374?
What have two champions of the line-item veto, Sens. John McCain of Arizona and Daniel Coats of Indiana, both Republicans, proposed?
When was exceptionally simple?
Who said ``The Line-Item Veto Act authorizes the president himself to effect the repeal of laws''?
What did (END OPTIONAL TRIM) Stevens say the court was expressing ``no opinion about'' of the line item veto procedure?
Who said, ``Liberty is always at stake when one or more of the branches seek to transgress the separation of powers''?
Who established ``a single finely wrought and exhaustively considered procedure'' for enacting laws?
Who did Stevens say ``The Line-Item Veto Act authorizes himself to effect the repeal of laws''?
Who did two champions of the line-item veto of Indiana say would keep fighting for it?
What did Byrd say was ``a remarkable position to take?''
Who traveled in China?
Who have proposed an alternative?
Who save this honorable Court!
Who said that the line-item veto could harm the city's financial strength and borrowing power?
What did (END OPTIONAL TRIM) Stevens say was expressing ``no opinion about the wisdom'' of the line item veto procedure?
What did Stevens say ``gives the president the unilateral power to change the text of duly enacted statutes?''
What did the court say on Thursday by contrast?
What did the court say Thursday?
Who has served in the Senate for nearly 40 years?
What do today we feel?
Who said they would have upheld the line-item veto?
What did (END OPTIONAL TRIM) Stevens say the court was expressing?
What did not challenge President Clinton's actions in court?
What did Congress try to improve on by allowing the president to cancel individual items of federal spending and tax breaks?
Who joined the majority opinion by Justice Stevens in the case?
What did Congress overturn the vetoes of worth $287 million in February?
What argued that such power would help eliminate the budget deficit?
Who said the line-item veto was an acceptable ``experiment'' that did not ``threaten the liberties of individual citizens?''
What have proposed an alternative?
What has Clinton used the line-item veto to rewrite?
What was Sens. John McCain of Arizona and Daniel Coats?
When did Congress overturn the vetoes of 38 military construction projects worth $287 million?
What has Clinton used to rewrite 11 laws?
What did Stevens say ?
Who was such power held by?
What tried to improve on that procedure by allowing the president to cancel individual items of federal spending and tax breaks?
What did (END OPTIONAL TRIM) Stevens say the court was expressing ``no opinion about the wisdom'' of?
Who did President Clinton say was ``deeply disappointed'' with the ruling?
Who said he was ``deeply disappointed'' with the ruling?
Who led six members of Congress in challenging the constitutionality of the line-item veto last year?
What did sixty-nine senators and more than 290 House members vote for?
Who declared, ``Failure of political will does not justify unconstitutional remedies''?
What did the Supreme Court rule that there was in June 1997?
Whose actions did the American people not challenge in court?
Who was the foremost opponent of the line-item veto?
What was Justice Stevens in the case?
Who said this was ``a remarkable position to take?''
What did Byrd say?''
What did they not challenge President Clinton's actions in?
When did the court say that such ``line-item vetoes'' were unconstitutional?
Who did the Supreme Court rule Thursday that the Constitution prohibited from rewriting legislation by vetoing single items of spending or tax breaks approved by Congress?
Who did Conservative Republicans join in complaining that Clinton had killed worthy projects in their home states?
Who voted for the Line-Item Veto Act?
What did two champions of the line-item veto of Indiana say for?
Who did the court quote?
What did Congress argue that such power would help eliminate?
What did the court reject in a 6-3 decision?
Who chided Congress for surrendering power to the president in a concurring opinion?
What did Stevens say ``The Line-Item Veto Act authorizes the president''?
What did two champions of the line-item veto of Indiana say they would keep fighting for?
Who dissented?
What can keep the tax break they received from Congress?
What did Kennedy say'' by concentrating power in the hands of the president?
What did article I of the Constitution establish?
What did the court say that the New York hospitals and the Idaho potato growers had suffered an ``actual injury'' on Thursday by?
What did Justices Antonin Scalia, Stephen Breyer and Sandra Day O'Connor say they would have upheld?
What do today two champions of the line-item veto, Sens. John McCain of Arizona and Daniel Coats of Indiana, both Republicans, feel?
If Congress wants to establish such a procedure what must it amend?
Who voted for it?
What did Congress argue?
What did Stevens say ``authorizes the president himself to effect the repeal of laws''?
Where did President Clinton travel?
What did Breyer advocate a pragmatic view of?
Who expressed dismay at Breyer's opinion?
Who was ecstatic after the ruling?
Who did Stevens say ``The Line-Item Veto Act authorizes the president to effect the repeal of laws''?
What did Justices Antonin Scalia, Stephen Breyer and Sandra Day O'Connor say would have upheld the line-item veto?
How many laws has Clinton used the line-item veto to rewrite?
Who was Clinton vs. City of New York?
What did Breyer advocate?
Who had used the device?
What did Stevens say ``The Line-Item Veto Act authorizes the president himself to effect''?
What overturned the vetoes of 38 military construction projects worth $287 million in February?
What did Breyer say the line-item veto was?''
Who does President Clinton have?
What was passed as part of the Republicans ' Contract With America?
Who said the Line-Item Veto Act ``gives the president the unilateral power to change the text of duly enacted statutes?''
What did they not challenge in court?
Who was Indiana?
What did Justice Anthony M. Kennedy chide for surrendering power to the president in a concurring opinion?
What has Byrd served in for nearly 40 years?
What did the court reject a decades-old attempt mostly by Congressional Republican leaders to strengthen the hand of the president in struggles with Congress in?
What was Va. ecstatic after?
What did Conservative Republicans join Democrats in complaining?
What was Va. the foremost opponent of?
How many champions of the line-item veto of Indiana said they would keep fighting for it?
What would the president receive thousands of bills each year under?
Who said they would keep fighting for it?
What did Congress overturn worth $287 million in February?
What did Congress overturn the vetoes of 38 military construction projects worth in February?
What requested a waiver from the 1991 law?
What was a hospital trade group?
When contended that the measure would set a damaging precedent?
What did hospital officials declare Thursday that the Supreme Court had rescued from a potential disaster?
What were White House officials searching for at the same time?
Who were searching for budget provisions that would be appropriate for Clinton's inaugural use of the line-item veto at the same time?
Who praised the Supreme Court's decision to strike down the president's line-item veto power Thursday?
Who said that it would preserve a set of state hospital taxes that help finance health care for the poor?
What was the state with?
Who had to pay this money back?
What matched much of the revenue raised by those taxes under Medicaid program for the poor?
When did the taxes raise $2. 6 billion for health care programs from 1992?
What did Washington match much of the revenue raised by those taxes under?
What had State and city officials been concerned that if they lost the dispute, the Clinton administration would require to reimburse some of that money?
What joined labor unions, hospital officials and Republicans in assailing the president for jeopardizing programs for the indigent?
What did WASHINGTON _ Government and hospital officials in New York state say that it would preserve a set of?
What was never really clear that the administration was on the verge of declaring the state's hospital taxes illegal?
What did WASHINGTON _ Government and hospital officials in New York state say that it would preserve?
Who were hospital officials?
When did the taxes raise $2. 6 billion for health care programs to 1996?
What did Washington match much of under Medicaid program for the poor?
What has levied on hospitals for many years to finance health care programs for the poor at issue?
What had State and city officials been concerned that if they lost the dispute, the Clinton administration would require the state, city and many hospitals to reimburse?
What was the Greater New York Hospital Association?
What did even have done that it would have been unlikely for the administration to demand that the state reimburse any of the Medicaid funds?
What was a plaintiff in one of the lawsuits challenging the constitutionality of the line-item veto, along with hospital groups and unions for health care workers?
What did WASHINGTON _ Government and hospital officials in New York state say that Thursday would preserve a set of?
What did New York request from the 1991 law?
What did the taxes raise $2. 6 billion for from 1992 to 1996?
What did the president contend that the measure would set?
Who said that Thursday would preserve a set of state hospital taxes that help finance health care for the poor?
What did hospital officials declare Thursday that the Supreme Court had from?
What did last August contend that the measure would set?
What raised $2. 6 billion for health care programs from 1992 to 1996?
What does the decision settle in New York's favor?
What was the measure approved by?
Who were advocates for the poor?
What had State and city officials been concerned?
Who contended that the measure would set a damaging precedent?
Where do most of the state's Medicaid recipients live?
What did we have to pay back?
What did even have it done for?
What did WASHINGTON _ Government and hospital officials in New York state say that Thursday would preserve?
Who selected three?
What was Medicaid?
What almost immediately became a political headache for the administration?
What did New York request a waiver from?
Who declared Thursday that the Supreme Court had rescued New York's hospital system from a potential disaster?
What was the federal health care?
What did WASHINGTON _ Government and hospital officials in New York state have to pay back?
What did the taxes raise for health care programs from 1992 to 1996?
What did WASHINGTON _ Government and hospital officials in New York state say?
What did the administration decline to grant?
Who was Kenneth Raske?
Who complied?
What settles in New York's favor a longstanding disagreement between the state and federal government over the legality of some of those taxes?
What did the president select?
What does the decision settle in a longstanding disagreement between the state and federal government over the legality of some of those taxes?
Who was the city?
What has New York state levied on to finance health care programs for the poor at issue?
What has New York state levied on hospitals for many years to finance health care programs for the poor at?
What raised concerns about whether some of the taxes were legal under a 1991 federal law intended to prevent Medicaid abuses by states in 1995?
What did the veto almost immediately become?
What was with its large pool of Democratic voters, or its hospitals?
What did hospital officials declare Thursday that the Supreme Court had rescued New York's hospital system from?
What were White House officials searching for budget provisions that would be appropriate for Clinton's inaugural use of the line-item veto at?
When did the Clinton administration raise concerns about whether some of the taxes were legal under a 1991 federal law intended to prevent Medicaid abuses by states?
What did hospital officials declare Thursday from?
What did New York Democrats join in assailing the president for jeopardizing programs for the indigent?
What has New York state levied on hospitals for many years to finance at issue?
What declined to grant one?
What did even have it done that it would have been unlikely for?
What was with even's large pool of Democratic voters, or its hospitals?
Who live at the city?
What was Kenneth Raske president of?
What did the Clinton administration raise in 1995?
What do most of the state's Medicaid recipients live at?
What did even have it done that it would have been unlikely for the administration to demand?
What did the president contend?
Who was president of the Greater New York Hospital Association?
When did hospital officials declare that the Supreme Court had rescued New York's hospital system from a potential disaster?
What did last August contend?
What had it done that it would have been unlikely for the administration to demand that the state reimburse any of the Medicaid funds?
What was approved by Congress?
What did Washington match under Medicaid program for the poor?
Who had been concerned that if they lost the dispute, the Clinton administration would require the state, city and many hospitals to reimburse some of that money?
What did they credit for electing a GOP majority to Congress in 1994 made the line-item veto a part of their Contract with America?
What could the president veto an entire spending measure but not individual items before?
Who is Justice Sandra Day O'Connor?
Who was last interrogated in Hanoi?
Who was McCain a former prisoner of?
What said the law violates that part of the Constitution requiring every bill to be presented to the president for his approval or veto?
What did the court say violates that part of the Constitution requiring every bill to be presented to the president for McCain,'s approval or veto?
What did the court say the law violates?
Who cited the ``profound importance'' of the issue?''
Who wrote for the court?
What said the Constitution does not allow for what are partial vetoes?
What was Sen. Dan Coats?
What had been considered one of the crowning achievements of McCain's career?
What did several senators fear the court's ruling would usher in a new era of the sort of bloated, special-interest spending for?''
What did the court declare in a 6-3 decision?
What was the law challenged by New York City and an Idaho potato growers ' group after President Clinton vetoed provisions?
What did the court say violates that part of the Constitution requiring every bill to be presented to the president for his approval or veto?
Who is a former Arizona state lawmaker?
When did House Republicans credit for electing a GOP majority to Congress House Republicans made the line-item veto a part of their Contract with America?
What had passage of the line-item veto by the Senate after so many failures been considered?
Who R-Ariz?
Who was R-Ind?
When did several senators fear?''
Who was a former prisoner of war in Vietnam?
What was the law challenged by growers ' group after President Clinton vetoed provisions they sought?
Who lost his bid to pass a sweeping anti-tobacco bill last week?
Who was criticized for telling a crude joke at a fund-raiser about the president's daughter?
What did Justice John Paul Stevens cite?''
Who was Stevens joined in his opinion by?
What did President Clinton veto provisions sought?
Where was I last interrogated?
What was America?
What said the law violates that part of the Constitution requiring every bill to be presented to the president for McCain,'s approval or veto?
What was a defeat for McCain until its approval two years ago?
What did McCain lose to pass a sweeping anti-tobacco bill last week?
What was the agenda?
Who dissented?
What was I last interrogated in?
What did the court rule that such a specialized veto can be authorized only through?
What did the court say the law violates that part of requiring every bill to be presented to the president for McCain,'s approval or veto?
What was the court's decision until its approval two years ago?
What did President Clinton veto provisions?
What did the court say does not allow for what are partial vetoes?
When did they credit for electing a GOP majority to Congress House Republicans made the line-item veto a part of their Contract with America?
Who vetoed provisions they sought?
When did McCain force a vote on a line-item veto nearly every year?
Who did President Clinton veto provisions sought?
What declared unconstitutional a McCain-sponsored law giving the president authority to wipe out wasteful programs contained in larger spending bills in a 6-3 decision?
Who forced a vote on a line-item veto nearly every year for a decade?
Who was joined in his opinion by Chief Justice William H. Rehnquist and Justices Anthony M. Kennedy, David Souter, Clarence Thomas and Ruth Bader Ginsburg?
Who said, ``This defeat means that we will return and retreat to the practice of loading up otherwise necessary legislation with pork-barrel spending''?
What could the president veto before the law's enactment in 1996?
What credited for electing a GOP majority to Congress in 1994 House Republicans made the line-item veto a part of their Contract with America?
Who said that ``the procedures authorized by the line-item veto act are not authorized by the Constitution?''
What did they credit for electing a GOP majority to Congress in 1994 House Republicans made the line-item veto a part of their Contract with?
What did the court declare unconstitutional a McCain-sponsored law giving the president authority to wipe out wasteful programs contained in larger spending bills in?
What had passage of the line-item veto by the Senate after so many failures been considered one of?
What was the court's decision a defeat for McCain two years ago until?
What did President Clinton veto they sought?
Who credited for electing a GOP majority to Congress in 1994 House Republicans made the line-item veto a part of their Contract with America?
What did Sen. Dan Coats say, ``This defeat means to''?
What was challenged by New York City and an Idaho potato growers ' group after President Clinton vetoed provisions they sought?
What did the court say the law violates that part of requiring every bill to be presented to the president for his approval or veto?
What did Justice John Paul Stevens write for?
Who could veto an entire spending measure but not individual items before the law's enactment in 1996?
Who did House Republicans credit for electing a GOP majority to Congress in 1994 made the line-item veto a part of their Contract with America?
What was Stevens joined in by Chief Justice William H. Rehnquist and Justices Anthony M. Kennedy, David Souter, Clarence Thomas and Ruth Bader Ginsburg?
What did House Republicans credit for electing a GOP majority to Congress in 1994 House Republicans made the line-item veto a part of their Contract with?
What did the court rule only through?
What did Justice John Paul Stevens cite the ``profound importance'' of?''
What ruled that such a specialized veto can be authorized only through a constitutional amendment?
What did the court say?
Who was McCain?
What did President Clinton say with?
What had Clinton used?
What is difficult to calculate?
What do more than 40 governors have some form of?
What have, and Daniel Coats, proposed?
Who presided over the Constitutional Convention?
What have they proposed?
Who _ Justices Antonin Scalia, Stephen Breyer and Sandra Day O'Connor _ would have upheld the line-item veto?
When was America?
What did Stevens say was expressing ``no opinion about the wisdom of the procedures authorized by the Line Item Veto Act?''
Who save this honorable court!
When did the Supreme Court rule that there was no genuine ``case or controversy'' because the lawmakers had not suffered any ``personal, concrete'' injury?
Whose actions did they not challenge in court?
What said that the New York hospitals and the Idaho potato growers had suffered an ``actual injury'' on Thursday by contrast?
What was one of those Democrats Rep. David Skaggs of?
What quoted George Washington?
What did Ronald Reagan popularize?
What did President Clinton say he was ``deeply disappointed'' with?
Who have some form of line-item veto?
Who said that the device ``compromises the political liberty of our citizens'' by concentrating power in the hands of the president?
What was the case Clinton vs. City of?
Who said, ``This is a great day for the United States of America''?
What did the court say that the New York hospitals and the Idaho potato growers had suffered on Thursday by contrast?
Who was Va.?
What did Stevens say?''
Who has used the line-item veto to rewrite 11 laws?
What was passed as part of the Republicans ' ``Contract With America?''
Who would receive thousands of bills each year under this arrangement?
Who has infuriated members of Congress?
If Congress wants to establish such procedures what must it amend?
What was the Line Item Veto Act passed as With America?''
What did members of Congress say was less than 1 percent of the total federal budget of $1. 6 trillion?
Who R-Ariz?
What did members of Congress say it was?
What did Breyer say in a dissenting opinion?
What did the Supreme Court rule in June 1997?
What can New York keep all the federal money it received for under Medicaid?
Who was the majority opinion by?
How many powers are united together?
What do today, and Daniel Coats, feel?
What did President Clinton travel in?
When did the court say that the New York hospitals and the Idaho potato growers had suffered an ``actual injury'' by contrast?
What can New York keep all the federal money it received for the care of poor people under?
What did George Washington preside over?
What can keep all the federal money it received for the care of poor people under Medicaid?
What is usually granted by state constitutions, not just by state laws?
What was New York?
Who did Clarence Thomas and Ruth Bader Ginsburg join the majority opinion by in the case in addition to Kennedy, Chief Justice William Rehnquist and Justices David Souter?
Who said the line-item veto was an acceptable ``experiment'' that did not ``threaten the liberties of individual citizens'' in a dissenting opinion?
What did the Supreme Court rule Thursday?
Who disagreed?
What did Clarence Thomas and Ruth Bader Ginsburg join by Stevens in the case in addition to Kennedy, Chief Justice William Rehnquist and Justices David Souter?
What can New York keep all the federal money for?
What did not challenge Clinton's actions in court?
Who did the Supreme Court rule Thursday that the Constitution prohibited from rewriting legislation by vetoing single items of spending or specific tax breaks approved by Congress?
Who joined Democrats in complaining that Clinton had killed worthy projects in their home states?
Who said, ``The decision is a defeat for all Americans''?
What was a great day for the Constitution of the United States?
What will also benefit?
What did the American people not challenge in court?
What did Stevens say?
Who popularized the idea?
What are united together?
What did George Washington later write in?
What was America a great day for the Constitution of?
When has Byrd served in the Senate?
Who was the line-item veto?
What do God save!
Who could cancel tax breaks that benefited fewer than 101 people under the Line Item Veto Act?
What did Congress try to change in 1996?
What ruled that there was no genuine ``case or controversy'' because the lawmakers had not suffered any ``personal, concrete'' injury in June 1997?
What did Thursday's decision come in?
What did Breyer say the line-item veto was in a dissenting opinion?
Who did Stevens say ``The Line Item Veto Act authorizes himself to effect the repeal of laws''?
When was exceptionally simple?
What can New York keep all the federal money received for the care of poor people under Medicaid?
What did they not challenge Clinton's actions in?
Who said, ``Liberty is always at stake when one or more of the branches seek to transgress the separation of powers''?
Who established ``a single finely wrought and exhaustively considered procedure'' for enacting laws?
Who chided Congress for surrendering power to the president in an opinion concurring with Stevens?
If Congress wants to establish such procedures what must amend the federal Constitution?
What rejected a decades-old effort to strengthen the hand of the president in struggles with Congress in a 6-3 decision?
Who was one of those Democrats?
Who traveled in China?
Who have proposed an alternative?
What can New York keep it received for the care of poor people under Medicaid?
Who said that the line-item veto could harm the city's financial strength and borrowing power?
What did Stevens say ``gives the president the unilateral power to change the text of duly enacted statutes?''
What tried to change that procedure in 1996?
What did the court say on Thursday by contrast?
Who said ``The Line Item Veto Act authorizes the president himself to effect the repeal of laws''?
What did the court say Thursday?
Who have sought the line-item veto?
Who has served in the Senate for nearly 40 years?
Who voted for the Line Item Veto Act?
What do today we feel?
When did the court say that such line-item vetoes were unconstitutional?
What was No. 97-1374?
What did Justice Anthony Kennedy chide Congress for surrendering power to the president in?
How many champions of the line-item veto R-Ariz?
What did Congress overturn the vetoes of worth $287 million in February?
What was Sens. John McCain?
What have proposed an alternative?
What has Clinton used the line-item veto to rewrite?
When did Congress overturn the vetoes of 38 military construction projects worth $287 million?
What has Clinton used to rewrite 11 laws?
What did Stevens say ?
What did members of Congress say it was less than 1 percent of?
What was Clinton vs. City of New York?
Who did Stevens say ``The Line Item Veto Act authorizes the president to effect the repeal of laws''?
What did Breyer say the line-item veto was an acceptable ``experiment'' that did not ``threaten the liberties of individual citizens'' in?
What was the Line Item Veto Act passed as part of the Republicans ' ``Contract With?''
Who did not challenge Clinton's actions in court?
Who did President Clinton say was ``deeply disappointed'' with the ruling?
Who said he was ``deeply disappointed'' with the ruling?
Who led six members of Congress in challenging the constitutionality of the line-item veto last year?
What did sixty-nine senators and more than 290 House members vote for?
What did Justice Anthony Kennedy chide for surrendering power to the president in an opinion concurring with Stevens?
What can Idaho potato growers keep?
Who declared, ``Failure of political will does not justify unconstitutional remedies''?
What did the Supreme Court rule that there was in June 1997?
Whose actions did the American people not challenge in court?
Who was the foremost opponent of the line-item veto?
What did the court reject a decades-old effort to strengthen the hand of the president in struggles with Congress in?
What said Thursday that such line-item vetoes were unconstitutional?
Who did Conservative Republicans join in complaining that Clinton had killed worthy projects in their home states?
What did Stevens say ``The Line Item Veto Act authorizes the president''?
What did members of Congress say?
What rejoiced at the decision?
What was Rep. David Skaggs of Colorado?
Who did the court quote?
When did the Supreme Court rule that the Constitution prohibited the president from rewriting legislation by vetoing single items of spending or specific tax breaks approved by Congress?
What do the dissenters _ Justices Antonin Scalia, Stephen Breyer and Sandra Day O'Connor _ would have upheld?
What did Clarence Thomas and Ruth Bader Ginsburg join the majority opinion by Stevens in the case in?
What did the court reject in a 6-3 decision?
What was the case?
What did Stevens say ``The Line Item Veto Act authorizes the president himself to effect''?
What have presidents since Ulysses Grant sought?
Who joined the majority opinion by Stevens in the case in addition to Kennedy, Chief Justice William Rehnquist and Justices David Souter?
What was by Justice John Paul Stevens?
What do the dissenters _?
When did Congress try to reduce the budget deficit?
Who said it was less than 1 percent of the total federal budget of $1. 6 trillion?
What did Kennedy say'' by concentrating power in the hands of the president?
What did article I of the Constitution establish?
What did the court say that the New York hospitals and the Idaho potato growers had suffered an ``actual injury'' on Thursday by?
When did Congress try to change that procedure?
Who does Clinton have?
Who voted for it?
What tried to reduce the budget deficit in 1996?
What did Stevens say ``authorizes the president himself to effect the repeal of laws''?
What did the American people not challenge Clinton's actions in?
What did Stevens say that the line-item veto could harm?
Where did President Clinton travel?
What do more than 40 governors have?
What could the president cancel under the Line Item Veto Act?
What said, ``The President has amended two acts of Congress by repealing a portion of each''?
What did Congress try to reduce in 1996?
How many governors have some form of line-item veto?
What did Stevens say ``The Line Item Veto Act authorizes the president himself to effect the repeal of''?
How many laws has Clinton used the line-item veto to rewrite?
Who had used the device?
Who said the court was expressing ``no opinion about the wisdom of the procedures authorized by the Line Item Veto Act?''
What overturned the vetoes of 38 military construction projects worth $287 million in February?
Who do the dissenters _ would have upheld the line-item veto?
What did Clarence Thomas and Ruth Bader Ginsburg join the majority opinion by Stevens in in addition to Kennedy, Chief Justice William Rehnquist and Justices David Souter?
Who said the Line Item Veto Act ``gives the president the unilateral power to change the text of duly enacted statutes?''
When was Va.?
What did they not challenge in court?
What has Byrd served in for nearly 40 years?
What ruled Thursday that the Constitution prohibited the president from rewriting legislation by vetoing single items of spending or specific tax breaks approved by Congress?
What did Conservative Republicans join Democrats in complaining?
Who can keep the tax break they received from Congress?
What has prevailed?
What was D-N. Y.?
What was Va. the foremost opponent of?
Who was ecstatic Thursday?
Who said, ``The Supreme Court has saved Congress from itself?''
What could the president cancel tax breaks that benefited fewer than 101 people under?
What did Breyer say was an acceptable ``experiment'' that did not ``threaten the liberties of individual citizens'' in a dissenting opinion?
What would the president receive thousands of bills each year under?
What did Congress overturn worth $287 million in February?
What did Congress overturn the vetoes of 38 military construction projects worth in February?
What does Clinton have infuriated members of?
What reaches the more profound constitutional defect?
What found that the line-item veto violates the ``` presentment clause'' of Article I. That clause establishes the process by which a bill becomes law?
What did that issue get addressed eloquently in?
What are our citizens?
What is the Supreme Court unfortunate that the majority opinion rests solely on?
What is the Supreme Court unfortunate solely on?
What are bills's citizens?
What did Justice Sandra Day O'Connor deem the statue's restrictive instructions to be?''
What did Justice Sandra Day O'Connor misinterpret?
What did the 6-3 decision firmly cast aside government arguments that in canceling specific lines of the budget the president was merely exercising authority delegated to him by?
Whose concurring opinion did that issue get addressed eloquently in?
What did the court veer off course with in contrast to this solid constitutional reasoning?
What did Justice Sandra Day O'Connor deem to be merely ``an advisory opinion?''
What did Justice Sandra Day O'Connor deem its restrictive instructions to be?''
What will this ruling simply embolden enemies of government funding for the arts in?
What is it unfortunate that the majority opinion rests solely on?
What will this ruling simply embolden in all likelihood?
What is unfortunate that the majority opinion rests solely on the procedural problem?
What may have been motivated by a desire to help protect the NEA from further congressional attacks?
What ordered the NEA to consider ``general standards of decency'' when making grants?
What did Justice David Souter scorch in a powerful dissent?
Who deemed its restrictive instructions to be merely ``an advisory opinion?''
What is the line-item veto an affront to by Congress?
What is an affront to the separation of powers and an abrogation of responsibility by Congress?
What did the 6-3 decision firmly cast aside by Congress?
Who was the 6-3 decision written by?
What does the majority opinion reach?
Who are liberty?
What did the court find that the line-item veto violates the ``` presentment clause'' of Article I. That clause establishes by which a bill becomes law?
What may some of the justices who joined the majority have been motivated by?
What did the court find that the line-item veto violates That clause establishes the process by which a bill becomes law?
Who misinterpreted the statue?
What will simply embolden enemies of government funding for the arts in all likelihood?
When was the editorial on Friday?
What did the law in question order the NEA to consider when making grants?
What did the court find that the line-item veto violates the ``` presentment clause'' of Article I.?
What was June 26?
What did the court find that the line-item veto violates the ``` presentment clause'' of Article I. establishes the process by which a bill becomes law?
What was written by Justice John Paul Stevens?
Who deemed the statue's restrictive instructions to be merely ``an advisory opinion?''
What did the court find?
What will this ruling simply embolden enemies of in all likelihood?
What did the law in question order to consider ``general standards of decency'' when making grants?
What is the line-item veto to the separation of powers and an abrogation of responsibility by Congress?
What did the law in question order the NEA to consider ``general standards of'' when making grants?
What is it unfortunate solely on?
What firmly cast aside government arguments that in canceling specific lines of the budget the president was merely exercising authority delegated to him by Congress?
What did get addressed eloquently in Justice Anthony Kennedy's concurring opinion?
What is the line-item veto an affront to the separation of powers and an abrogation of responsibility by?
What is $2 billion hardly given that federal spending will be during this time?
Who is director of fiscal policy studies for the Cato Institute?
What do most Americans consider $2 billion a lot of?
What does Moore lament it creates for the line-item veto?
What is one person's pork's economic sustenance?
What will become more evident when congressional champions of the concept begin their push to try to change the law in a way the courts will find constitutional?
What does it's immensely popular with on the other hand?
What is one person's pork?
What profess contempt for it?
Who sees the year's highway bill as a monument to both pork and the need?
What go?
What contained nearly $300,000 for research on how to enhance the flavor of roasted peanuts and $150,000 for the National Center for Peanut Competitiveness?
Who profess contempt for it?
What does Moore list pondering?
What has been mostly from pork appropriations?
What does he see the year's highway bill as?
What do not think about such a huge sum in the context of how many taxpayer-hours must be worked to generate $2 billion in tax revenues?
What is the magnitude of federal spending so large that average folks cannot relate to in a practical way?
What does Moore lament the fact that the president will not get to wield the item veto on this year's highway bill creates for the line-item veto?
What is another's economic sustenance?
What amounts to a rounding error in Washington's grand fiscal scheme of things?
When is $2 billion hardly given that federal spending will be about $9 trillion?
What does Moore say contains a record 1,500 pork projects?
What's immensely popular with those who get it on the other hand?
Whose pork is another's economic sustenance?
What may have cost even its staunchest supporters more in political capital than it saved in tax money?
What is so large that average folks cannot relate to the size of its expenditures in a practical way?
Who put a high premium on their legislators bringing home the bacon?
When is $2 billion hardly given?
What does Moore say the bill contains?
What was the year's budget for?
What do most not think about in the context of how many taxpayer-hours must be worked to generate $2 billion in tax revenues?
What is traditionally reviled as the most cynically deployed and least utilitarian form of largess on the one hand?
What is pork-barrel spending traditionally reviled as on the one hand?
What may find this outrageous?
Who may it have cost more in political capital than it saved in tax money?
What is the magnitude of federal spending so large that average folks cannot relate to the size of its expenditures in?
What was appropriated for research on pickles?
Who has enthusiasm for it probably waned even among?
What does Stephen Moore estimate the savings from presidential line-item vetoes at?
What do most Americans consider?
Who says the bill contains a record 1,500 pork projects?
What will be a good gauge of how many in Congress think it's a luxury they can afford and still get re-elected?
How many record pork projects does Moore say the bill contains?
What was the line-item veto a priority in the GOP's ``Contract'' With?
What may some find?
What is the magnitude of federal spending so large to?
What was the line-item veto in the GOP's ``Contract'' With America?
What got $2 million to refurbish a streetcar named Desire?
What does federal spending's immensely popular with on the other hand?
What may be crocodile tears?
What was for instance?
What does Moore lament the fact that the president will not get to wield the item veto on this year's highway bill it creates for?
What was the line-item veto a priority in With America?
What may uNDATED: Many of the tears being shed on Capitol Hill after the Supreme Court's rejection of the presidential line-item veto be?
What did business, civic and political leaders in Kansas City and elsewhere put on their legislators bringing home the bacon?
What would federal spending not amount to?
What does Moore lament the fact that the president will not get to wield the item veto on this year's highway bill for?
What was a priority in the GOP's ``Contract'' With America?
What do most not think about such a huge sum in?
What is pork-barrel spending traditionally reviled as the most cynically deployed and least utilitarian form of largess on?
What does Stephen Moore estimate the savings from at $2 billion over five years?
What is given that federal spending will be about $9 trillion during this time?
What does the president see the year's highway bill as?
What has waned even among its hard-core Republican supporters?
What is why so many Americans enthusiastically embrace this particular form of wealth redistribution?
What does this make?
What has the savings achieved so far been mostly from?
What is one person's pork another's?
What is why legislators on both sides of the aisle use it to buy votes and reward allies?
What did New Orleans get $2 million to refurbish?
Who is Stephen Moore?
Who did business, civic and political leaders in Kansas City and elsewhere put a high premium on bringing home the bacon?
What profess contempt for which is why so many Americans enthusiastically embrace this particular form of wealth redistribution?
Who points out?
What is why some fiscal conservatives may be secretly breathing a sigh of relief and thanking the Supremes?
Who estimates the savings from presidential line-item vetoes at $2 billion over five years?
What does the president see as a monument to both pork and the need?
What did New Orleans get to refurbish a streetcar named Desire?
What does it's immensely popular with those who get it on?
What would it not amount to?
What does $2 billion hardly amount to?
What does federal spending's immensely popular with those who get it on?
What would not amount to more than a small percentage of the net worth of Microsoft Chairman Bill Gates?
Who lists a few worth pondering?
What did this year's budget contain?
What is Stephen Moore director of for the Cato Institute?
What does Stephen Moore estimate from presidential line-item vetoes at $2 billion over five years?
What was some $250,000 appropriated for?
What will the response be?
What do another profess?
Who consider $2 billion a lot of money?
What do they profess?
Who laments the fact that the president will not get to wield the item veto on this year's highway bill it creates for the line-item veto?
What makes the political calculus of the line-item veto a tricky proposition?
What does he see as a monument to both pork and the need?
What had the requirements of the Presentment Clause been satisfied under?
What do not exist _ unless Congress chooses to amend the Constitution to give presidents that power?
Who was looking only at his target and not the implications for society?
Who writes: ``. . . our decision rests on the narrow ground that the procedure authorized by the Line Item Veto Act are not authorized by the Constitution?''
Who died?
What. . . was itself the product of much debate and deliberation in both Houses of Congress and that precise text was signed into law by the President?
What did Starr claim with?
What support Starr's argument?
What did Hamilton take during the meeting?
What does it seem unreasonable to assume?
What was struck down?
What do we not lightly conclude that their action was unauthorized by?
What did the court uphold the principle?
Who do not lightly conclude that their action was unauthorized by the Constitution?
What may posthumous disclosure of such communications be as feared as during the client's lifetime?
Whose authority had the requirements of the Presentment Clause been satisfied that the president exercised under the Line Item Veto Act to cancel the spending item?
Who had argued that the attorney-client privilege should not prevent disclosure of confidential communications if the client has died and the information is relevant to a criminal procedure?
What did Starr claim that when Hamilton's client died, the confidentiality of the attorney-client privilege died with?
Who took handwritten notes during the meeting?
What had the requirements of the Presentment Clause been satisfied that the president exercised Justice Antonin Scalia's authority under to cancel the spending item?
Whose authority to amend or repeal a law is neither enumerated nor implied by the Constitution?
What is unconstitutional under any reading of the Constitution?
Who does death encourage?
What agree?
What upheld the principle that death does not unravel the confidentiality of communication between attorney and client?
What can the president sign under the act?
Who plays word games?
Who does not think that the Line Item Veto Act violates the Presentment Clause of the Constitution?
What is pivotal?
Whose argument do only two lower court decisions support?
What had Starr argued that the attorney-client privilege should not prevent if the client has died and the information is relevant to a criminal procedure?
What is Stevens deferential to Congress and the president in the opinion:. . . we express?
Whose lifetime may posthumous disclosure of such communications be as feared as disclosure during?
What does Scalia not think that the Line Item Veto Act violates the Presentment Clause of?
What was Starr looking only at?
What assume the privilege?
What does Justice Antonin Scalia play?
What can Congress only override a presidential veto by?
What had Starr argued that the attorney-client privilege should not prevent disclosure of if the client has died and the information is relevant to a criminal procedure?
Who wrote a stinging dissent in which he was joined by Justice Sandra Day O'Connor and in part by Justice Stephen Breyer?
What did Justice John Paul Stevens write?
What did Independent Counsel Kenneth Starr want to further his investigation into allegations that White House aides or first lady Hillary Rodham Clinton had lied under oath?
Who can then cancel portions under the act?
What had been satisfied that the president exercised his authority under the Line Item Veto Act to cancel the spending item?
Who committed suicide?
What was. . . The text of the act itself was signed into law by the President?
What did Independent Counsel Kenneth Starr want those notes to further his investigation into?
What have passed a bill?
Who did Justice Antonin Scalia write a stinging dissent in which he was joined by Justice Sandra Day O'Connor and in part by?
Who wrote the majority opinion for a court divided 6-to-3 in the line item veto case?
What had the requirements of the Presentment Clause been satisfied that the president exercised his authority under to cancel the spending item?
What had the requirements of the Presentment Clause been satisfied that the president exercised his authority under the Line Item Veto Act to cancel?
What is Scalia in the minority on?
What may be as feared as disclosure during the client's lifetime?
What can the president sign the Line Item Veto Act under?
What did Foster commit?
What had the requirements of the Presentment Clause been satisfied that the president exercised Justice Antonin Scalia's authority under the Line Item Veto Act to cancel?
Who can sign it under the act?
What does he play?
What is neither enumerated nor implied by the Constitution?
What can the president then cancel portions under?
What is Stevens deferential to Congress and the president in the opinion:. . .?
Who lost one?
What does Stevens note that the act has allowed the president to amend by repealing portions of those laws?
What does Stevens note?
What did the court uphold that death does not unravel the confidentiality of communication between attorney and client?
Who does Stevens note that the act has allowed to amend laws passed by Congress by repealing portions of those laws?
What is Scalia in on this issue?
Who can sign the Line Item Veto Act under the act?
What is Stevens deferential to Congress and the president in the opinion:. . . we express no opinion about?
What Stevens writes: ``. . . rests on the narrow ground that the procedure authorized by the Line Item Veto Act are not authorized by the Constitution?''
Whose client died?
What did the court uphold the principle that death does not unravel the confidentiality of?
What may be reduced if disclosure is limited to posthumous disclosure in a criminal context?
What Stevens writes: ``. . . on?''
What do only two lower court decisions support?
What is that the 82 spending items that Clinton canceled using the unconstitutional law are no longer canceled?
What can the president then cancel under the act?
What does Scalia not think?
Who may clients be concerned about reputation, civil liability, or possible harm to?
What did the court uphold the principle that death does not unravel?
What Stevens writes: ``. . . our decision rests on?''
Whose client did Starr claim with?
What had been satisfied that the president exercised Justice Antonin Scalia's authority under the Line Item Veto Act to cancel the spending item?
Who is Scalia?
Who won in the attorney-client confidentiality case?
Who wanted those notes to further his investigation into allegations that White House aides or first lady Hillary Rodham Clinton had lied under oath?
What had the requirements of the Presentment Clause been satisfied that the president exercised under the Line Item Veto Act to cancel the spending item?
What did the American people win in?
What can Congress only override by a two-thirds majority vote in each house?
What was. . . The text of the act itself into?
Who is a master sophist?
What seems unreasonable to assume that it vanishes altogether?
What did President Clinton lose?
What did Clinton win in?
What does Scalia not think that the Line Item Veto Act violates?
Who lost?
Who may be concerned about reputation, civil liability, or possible harm to friends or family?
What does the fear of disclosure, and the consequent withholding of information from counsel, seem unreasonable to assume?
Who won one at the U. S. Supreme Court on Thursday?
When did President Clinton win one at the U. S. Supreme Court?
When may posthumous disclosure of such communications be as feared as disclosure?
Whose authority had the requirements of the Presentment Clause been satisfied under?
What do most assume?
Who notes that the act has allowed the president to amend laws passed by Congress by repealing portions of those laws?
What encourages the client to communicate fully and frankly with counsel?
What have both houses of Congress passed?
Who claimed that when Hamilton's client died, the confidentiality of the attorney-client privilege died with it?
What did Independent Counsel Kenneth Starr want those notes to further into allegations that White House aides or first lady Hillary Rodham Clinton had lied under oath?
What can only override a presidential veto by a two-thirds majority vote in each house?
Who is in the minority on this issue?
What did Hamilton take handwritten notes during?
What did Justice Antonin Scalia write in which he was joined by Justice Sandra Day O'Connor and in part by Justice Stephen Breyer?
What is Stevens deferential to:. . . we express no opinion about the wisdom of the procedures authorized by the Line Item Veto Act?
What did President Clinton win on Thursday?
What is the current problem?
What can now expect $2. 5 billion in federal funds for its Medicaid program?
What won in both cases?
What may clients be concerned about to friends or family?
What had Starr argued to?
What can New York City now expect?
What do we not lightly conclude by?
What is the act unconstitutional under?
What is too significant to be eroded by the independent counsel's suspicions of wrongdoing?
What can the president sign it under?
Who issued his decision late Thursday overturning the Line-Item Veto Act that carried enormous significance for federal spending and the balance of power in government?
What did Clinton say of, ``I intend to appeal WASHINGTON''?
What did the law allow the president for the first time to veto?
Whose ruling that struck down a law giving the president the power to veto specific items in bills passed by Congress did WASHINGTON say Friday?
What allowed the president for the first time to veto particular items in spending bills and certain limited tax provisions passed by Congress?
What did Clinton say of, ``I intend to appeal it''?
Who could only veto entire bills?
What could the president only veto?
Who said that he was ``disappointed?''
What was a new and still-unused law?
What was the law passed by last year?
When was WASHINGTON?
Who said of the ruling, ``I intend to appeal it''?
Whose ruling that struck down a law giving the president the power to veto specific items in bills passed by Congress did WASHINGTON say Friday he will appeal?
What was passed by Congress last year?
Who did the law allow to veto particular items in spending bills and certain limited tax provisions passed by Congress?
What did Clinton say?''
Who said of the ruling, ``I intend to appeal WASHINGTON''?
What did WASHINGTON say Friday he will appeal?
What did U. S. District Judge Thomas Penfield Jackson issue his decision late Thursday overturning?
When was the law passed by Congress?
What was April 11-- U. S. President Bill Clinton?
What was the Line-Item Veto Act?
What did WASHINGTON say Friday?
What did House of Representatives Speaker Newt Gingrich say he doubted?
When does Clinton have?
Who said that to do so would violate the spirit of the bipartisan negotiations between the White House and the Congress?
What was to veto whole budget bills?
Who is the first president to have line-item veto authority?
Who is expected to sign the budget and tax-cut bills on Tuesday?
Voicing his support for the line-item veto what do I think?
When does he have?
Who did he say that to do so would violate?
Who has five days to decide whether to cut out individual items?
Who did House of Representatives Speaker Newt Gingrich say he doubted would veto specific items?
Who believes that it ought to be used somewhat sparingly?
Voicing his support for the line-item veto who thinks if we have it, it ought to be used?
What did Representatives Speaker Newt Gingrich say that to do so would violate the spirit of?
How many days to decide whether to cut out individual items does he have?
What was passed last year?
Who did Representatives Speaker Newt Gingrich say that to do so would violate?
What did House of Representatives Speaker Newt Gingrich say he doubted Clinton would veto?
What said he doubted Clinton would veto specific items?
Voicing his support for the line-item veto what do I think if we have it, ought to be used?
What does Clinton have five days to decide?
Who did House of Representatives Speaker Newt Gingrich say doubted Clinton would veto specific items?
When was the new law passed?
What does he have five days to decide?
How many days to decide whether to cut out individual items does Clinton have?
What do I believe?
What did he say that to do so would violate the spirit of?
What did House of Representatives Speaker Newt Gingrich say?
What did he say?
Who is Clinton?
What did Representatives Speaker Newt Gingrich say?
What is sought by U. S. presidents for more than a century?
What did today use U. S. President Bill Clinton's line-item veto power to strike out worth 287 million U. S. dollars from a military construction bill?
What was the line-item veto only the second time Clinton had exercised?
What was October 6-- U. S. President Bill Clinton?
What did today use his line-item veto power to strike out 38 projects worth from a military construction bill?
What did today use his line-item veto power to strike out worth 287 million U. S. dollars from a military construction bill?
What will Moody Air Force Base in Georgia lose if the president's veto is upheld?
How many projects did today use his line-item veto power to strike out worth 287 million U. S. dollars from a military construction bill?
When was WASHINGTON?
When is the line-item veto sought by U. S. presidents?
What was only the second time Clinton had exercised the line-item veto authority?
What gives the president the ability to cancel special interest tax breaks as well as specific spending items that he deems wasteful while avoiding killing the entire measure?
What was it only the second time Clinton had exercised?
Whose line-item veto power did today use to strike out 38 projects worth 287 million U. S. dollars from a military construction bill?
How many projects did today use U. S. President Bill Clinton's line-item veto power to strike out worth 287 million U. S. dollars from a military construction bill?
What was it only the second time?
What did today use U. S. President Bill Clinton's line-item veto power to strike out 38 projects worth from a military construction bill?
What was the line-item veto only Clinton had exercised the line-item veto authority?
When used U. S. President Bill Clinton's line-item veto power to strike out 38 projects worth 287 million U. S. dollars from a military construction bill?
Whose home state was spared?
When did the line-item veto authority go into effect?
Who was the line-item veto only the second time had exercised the line-item veto authority?
What was it only Clinton had exercised the line-item veto authority?
What will lose a 6. 8 million dollar combat search and training center if the president's veto is upheld?
What went into effect in January?
What did the line-item veto authority go into in January?
What does the line-item veto give the president the ability to cancel special interest tax breaks as well as specific spending items?
How many Mississippi projects were added to the military construction bill?
Who was it only the second time had exercised the line-item veto authority?
What was the line-item veto only the second time?
What were six Mississippi projects added to?
What did today use to strike out 38 projects worth 287 million U. S. dollars from a military construction bill?
What did today use U. S. President Bill Clinton's line-item veto power to strike out 38 projects worth 287 million U. S. dollars from?
What did today use his line-item veto power to strike out 38 projects worth 287 million U. S. dollars from?
Who is the line-item veto sought by for more than a century?
Whose use of the line-item veto is likely to generate an angry reaction from some in Congress?
What were added to the military construction bill?
When used his line-item veto power to strike out 38 projects worth 287 million U. S. dollars from a military construction bill?
What was spared?
What is likely to generate an angry reaction from some in Congress?
When does the bill in a cautious language say it cuts off funding for U. S. combat troops in Bosnia?
Who used the law to veto 38 spending items in a military construction bill on Monday?
What are built in Marietta hometown of House Speaker Newt Gingrich?
Who does the bill also leave payment for the purchase of new B-2 Stealth bombers up to to decide whether to procure more of the planes?
What does the bill also leave it up to Clinton to decide?
What does the bill also provide for down payment for the purchase of new B-2 Stealth bombers?
What says it cuts off funding for U. S. combat troops in Bosnia after June 30?
What was budgeted higher than the president expressed ``concern'' over that?
When did today sign a 247. 7 billion U. S. dollar military spending bill for the 1998 fiscal year starting?
What also leaves it up to Clinton to decide whether to procure more of the planes?
What did the president hint that he may use authority to shrink the bill?
Who does the bill also leave it up to to decide whether to procure more of the planes?
What may Clinton's emphasis on the 1. 2 billion dollars by which the measure exceeds the bipartisan budget agreement be?
What are the planes built in?
What also leaves payment for the purchase of new B-2 Stealth bombers up to Clinton to decide whether to procure more of the planes?
What does the bill also leave up to Clinton to decide whether to procure more of the planes?
What was budgeted higher than the Clinton administration requested?
What contains about 3. 2 billion dollars more in funding than was approved for the previous year?
What does the bill in a cautious language say cuts off funding for U. S. combat troops in Bosnia after June 30?
What did Clinton use the law to veto on Monday?
How many spending items in a military construction bill did Clinton use the law to veto on Monday?
Who hinted that he may use the line-item veto authority to shrink the bill?
What did Clinton say?
What did Clinton use to veto 38 spending items in a military construction bill on Monday?
What did Clinton say is excessive and threatened to veto some items by using the line-item veto power?
What may be a hint as to how much Clinton would target in a veto?
When did Clinton use the law to veto 38 spending items in a military construction bill?
When signed a 247. 7 billion U. S. dollar military spending bill for the 1998 fiscal year starting October 1?
What also provides for a 331 million dollars down payment for the purchase of new B-2 Stealth bombers?
Who said the funding that Congress has added to the bill is excessive and threatened to veto some items by using the line-item veto power?
Where are the planes built?
What does the bill also provide for a 331 million dollars down?
What does the bill also leave payment for the purchase of new B-2 Stealth bombers up to Clinton to decide?
What did the president hint?
What did lawmakers add 750 projects to?
Who now threatened to consider repealing the line-item veto law as a budget-balancing measure?
What was passed only last year?
What did all but 13 of those survive?
What did he veto 287 million dollars from?
What came weeks after he vetoed 287 million dollars from a separate 9. 2 billion dollars military construction bill?
What included 39 million dollars that would have kept the remaining three SR-71 Blackbird spy planes flying?
Who added 750 projects to the defense appropriations bill that were not in Clinton's original defense spending plan?
What did the cuts include?
What did lawmakers add to the defense appropriations bill that were not in Clinton's original defense spending plan?
How many projects did lawmakers add to the defense appropriations bill that were not in Clinton's original defense spending plan?
What did some lawmakers now threaten to consider repealing as a budget-balancing measure?
What do they collide with?
When was the line-item veto law passed only?
What do asteroids collide with?
What did some lawmakers now threaten to consider repealing the line-item veto law as?
Who collide with earth?
What did Pentagon say because of?
Who vetoed 287 million dollars from a separate 9. 2 billion dollars military construction bill?
What collide with earth?
What list names five Republican congressional districts as being affected compared to two Democrat?
How many dollars did he veto from a separate 9. 2 billion dollars military construction bill?
Who said that the SR-71 was no longer needed because of the capabilities of spy satellites, improved U-2 reconnaissance aircraft and unmanned robot planes?
What did Pentagon say that the SR-71 was no longer needed because of?
What did he veto from a separate 9. 2 billion dollars military construction bill?
How many dollars that would have kept the remaining three SR-71 Blackbird spy planes flying did the cuts include?
What survived the line-item veto?
What did today pass by to help teachers, tutors and parents to learn how to teach children reading?
What has the White House vetoed 163 line-items against six bills, mostly affecting?
What can come up with a unified bill before they recess for the year, possibly on Sunday?
What has the White House vetoed 163 line-items against affecting military projects?
What would not substantially improve the quality of life of military service members?
When also completed work on seven other bills to leave for its year-end recess Sunday?
What was it unclear with?
When was WASHINGTON?
What passed by voice vote the Reading Excellence Act to help teachers, tutors and parents to learn how to teach children reading?
What did today also pass by a vote of 291-125 legislation to authorize through 2002?
What also passed by a vote of 291-125 legislation to authorize agricultural research and education programs through 2002?
Who exercised his new authority by killing 38 military construction projects in 24 states worth 287 million U. S. dollars?
What did Clinton gain the line-item veto power to veto while signing the bills to ensure the administration moving in a new fiscal year?
Whose line-item veto of 38 military construction programs in fiscal 1998 did today vote 352-64 to reject?
Who did today pass by voice vote the Reading Excellence Act to help to learn how to teach children reading?
What would the White House not substantially improve?
What has vetoed 163 line-items against six bills, mostly affecting military projects?
What was the Senate unclear with?
When did it also pass by a vote of 291-125 legislation to authorize agricultural research and education programs?
Who gained the line-item veto power to veto individual spending items in bills while signing the bills to ensure the administration moving in a new fiscal year?
What was November 8-- The United States House of Representatives?
What did the president exercise by killing 38 military construction projects in 24 states worth 287 million U. S. dollars?
What did today also complete to finish its work?
What were well above the two-thirds needed to overturn a presidential veto?
What did today vote 352-64 to reject?
What does Excellence Act authorize over three years?
What was unclear whether the two chambers can come up with a unified bill before they recess for the year, possibly on Sunday?
What did it pass by to help teachers, tutors and parents to learn how to teach children reading?
What were both the votes well above?
When voted 352-64 to reject President Bill Clinton's line-item veto of 38 military construction programs in fiscal 1998?
What did the White House say?
What did it also pass by a vote of 291-125 legislation to authorize through 2002?
When did today also pass by a vote of 291-125 legislation to authorize agricultural research and education programs?
What did today pass by voice vote the Reading Excellence Act to help teachers, tutors and parents to learn?
What did the Senate also vote 69-30 last month to restore funding for 36 of?
When also completed work on seven other bills to finish its work?
When did today also complete work on seven other bills to leave for its year-end recess?
How many dollars does Excellence Act authorize over three years?
How many chambers can come up with a unified bill before they recess for the year, possibly on Sunday?
What did the White House say that the president used?
What said that the president used his authority to cancel projects that were not requested in the budget?
What did the Senate also vote 69-30 last month to restore?
What did today also complete work on seven other bills to finish?
How many line-items has the White House vetoed against six bills, mostly affecting military projects?
What would the White House not substantially improve the quality of?
What did today also complete to leave for its year-end recess Sunday?
What did today also complete work on seven other bills to leave for Sunday?
What did it also pass by to authorize agricultural research and education programs through 2002?
What did today vote to reject President Bill Clinton's line-item veto of 38 military construction programs in fiscal 1998?
What did today vote 352-64 to reject President Bill Clinton's line-item veto of?
Who did it pass by voice vote the Reading Excellence Act to help to learn how to teach children reading?
When also passed by a vote of 291-125 legislation to authorize agricultural research and education programs through 2002?
What did Clinton gain to veto individual spending items in bills while signing the bills to ensure the administration moving in a new fiscal year?
What did today also pass by to authorize agricultural research and education programs through 2002?
What also voted 69-30 last month to restore funding for 36 of the 38 projects?
What did it pass by voice vote the Reading Excellence Act to help teachers, tutors and parents to learn?
When does Excellence Act authorize 260 million dollars?
What authorizes 260 million dollars over three years?
What has the White House vetoed against six bills, mostly affecting military projects?
What can the two chambers come up with before they recess for the year, possibly on Sunday?
When passed by voice vote the Reading Excellence Act to help teachers, tutors and parents to learn how to teach children reading?
Whose line-item veto did today veto a congressional rejection of on 38 military construction projects?
What can the Republican-dominated congress still override with two-thirds votes in the House and Senate when it resumes session next year?
What did Clinton for the firs time use?
Whose veto can the Republican-dominated congress still override with two-thirds votes in the House and Senate when it resumes session next year?
Who used the line-item authority?
What will the Republican-dominated congress not let over?
What did today veto on 38 military construction projects?
Who said, ``The projects in this bill would not substantially improve the quality of life of military service members and their families?''
What voted to disapprove of Clinton's veto of 36 of the projects?
What can it still override his veto with when it resumes session next year?
What did today veto a congressional rejection of his line-item veto on?
What did the Senate agree with the House to fully restore as a congressional version to kick the ball back to the president?
What can the Republican-dominated congress still override U. S. President Bill Clinton's veto with when it resumes session next year?
When vetoed a congressional rejection of his line-item veto on 38 military construction projects?
What did today veto a congressional rejection of on 38 military construction projects?
What will not let the matter over?
When vetoed a congressional rejection of U. S. President Bill Clinton's line-item veto on 38 military construction projects?
What can it still override with two-thirds votes in the House and Senate when it resumes session next year?
What did the Senate agree with to fully restore the projects as a congressional version to kick the ball back to the president?
What can still override U. S. President Bill Clinton's veto with two-thirds votes in the House and Senate when it resumes session next year?
What voted to restore all the 38?
Who did the Senate vote to?
What agreed with the House to fully restore the projects as a congressional version to kick the ball back to the president?
What was the line-item authority?
What can still override his veto with two-thirds votes in the House and Senate when it resumes session next year?
What did the House vote to restore?
What did the Senate agree with the House to fully restore the projects as?
What did today veto a congressional rejection of U. S. President Bill Clinton's line-item veto on?
What was a power that the president can use to veto individual spending items in bills?
Who ruled that Congress may not ``delegate its inherent lawmaking authority?''
How many dollars in spending projected over five years did Clinton strike?
Whose ruling will likely not be the final word in the case?
What did Clinton strike?
What was the line item veto passed in 1996 under?
What did Clinton say in?
What was initiated by New York City Mayor Rudolph Giuliani?
Who became the first president to use the power by vetoing a series of small items last August, exercising the veto power 82 times last year?
What declared the president's line-item veto authority unconstitutional?
Who struck 1. 9 billion dollars in spending projected over five years?
When was WASHINGTON?
What was strongly supported by President Bill Clinton and a number of Thursday's predecessors?
Whose line-item veto did WASHINGTON declare authority unconstitutional?
What was passed in 1996 under the Republican Party's ``Contract with America'' policy document?
Who was the case initiated by?
Who was the line item veto strongly supported by?
What did Hogan rule?''
What will likely not be the final word in the case?
What was strongly supported by President Bill Clinton and a number of his predecessors?
What is it?
What is likely to be decided ultimately by the Supreme Court?
What did WASHINGTON declare authority unconstitutional?
What did Hogan rule that Congress may not ``delegate?''
What is my belief that ultimately the line-item veto will be ruled constitutional by the U. S. Supreme Court?
Who did Clinton say was disappointed in the court decision?
What was February 12-- A U. S. district judge Thursday?
Who does New York City maintain by?
What will Hogan's ruling likely not be?
When was the line item veto passed under the Republican Party's ``Contract with America'' policy document?
What did Clinton say he was disappointed in?
Who said he was disappointed in the court decision?
Whose Thursday ruling did U. S. Judge Thomas Hogan strike down the law as unconstitutional on the basis of the separation of powers among the three branches of government in?
What did Idaho potato farmers lose out on because of a line-item veto?
Who joined congressional Republicans in campaigning for the line-item veto authority?
What is planning to appeal to the U. S. Supreme Court after a federal judge struck down the line-item veto Thursday as unconstitutional?
If the president then vetoes that bill, what would it require to override?
What did U. S. Judge Thomas Hogan strike down the law as unconstitutional on in the president's Thursday ruling?
What did Idaho potato farmers lose out on funding because of?
What did he use relatively sparingly in its first full year?
Who struck down the law as unconstitutional on the basis of the separation of powers among the three branches of government in his Thursday ruling?
What had New York brought?
Who struck down the line-item veto Thursday as unconstitutional?
What could Congress overturn all or some of on a majority vote in a ``disapproval bill''?
What did President Bill Clinton say by?
What could Congress overturn all or some of the line-item vetoes on?
What was among others?
If the president then vetoes that bill, what would Congress require to override?
Who said he was ``disappointed'' by the ruling, but expressed confidence the line-item law eventually will be upheld by the Supreme Court?
What did U. S. Judge Thomas Hogan strike down the law as unconstitutional on the basis of the separation of powers among the three branches of government in?
What did President Bill Clinton use the state of relatively sparingly in its first full year?
Who did President Bill Clinton say was ``disappointed'' by the ruling, but expressed confidence the line-item law eventually will be upheld by the Supreme Court?
What did U. S. Judge Thomas Hogan strike down as unconstitutional on the basis of the separation of powers among the three branches of government in his Thursday ruling?
Who did Clinton join in campaigning for the line-item veto authority?
Who said, ``The line-item veto provides an important tool for the president to strike unnecessary spending and tax items from legislation'' in a brief written statement?
What was the state joined in?
Who struck down the law as unconstitutional on the basis of the separation of powers among the three branches of government in the president's Thursday ruling?
What later worked out an agreement giving New York much of the money?
What is February 12-- The Justice Department?
When is WASHINGTON?
What took effect in January 1997?
Who was New York among?
When did the law take effect?
What was joined in its challenge by Idaho potato farmers?
Who lost out on funding because of a line-item veto?
What did Clinton say, ``The line-item veto provides an important tool for the president to strike unnecessary spending and tax items from legislation'' in?
What did the law take in January 1997?
What did the White House later work out?
When did President Bill Clinton use the state of extra federal funds for Medicaid-- the federal health insurance program covering poor, elderly and disabled Americans?
If the president then vetoes that bill, what would require a two-thirds vote in both the House of Representatives and Senate to override?
Who used it relatively sparingly in its first full year?
What did U. S. Judge Thomas Hogan strike down the law as unconstitutional on in his Thursday ruling?
What could overturn all or some of the line-item vetoes on a majority vote in a ``disapproval bill''?
What did the White House later work out an agreement giving New York much of?
When did he use it?
What did President Bill Clinton use relatively sparingly in its first full year?
What could Congress overturn on a majority vote in a ``disapproval bill''?
When was the law challenged by a group of mostly Democratic senators?
What dismissed the challenge?
Who struck down the line-item veto law?
What did another group of challengers contend?
When was WASHINGTON?
What said President Bill Clinton had not yet used the selective veto?
When said it impermissibly upsets the balance of powers so carefully prescribed by framers?
What does the Justice Department argue in in earlier this month's appeal?
What argues that the new challengers also do not have standing to challenge the law in its appeal?
What does the Justice Department argue that in the law is in line with the historic relationship between Congress and the president in its appeal?
What does the Justice Department argue that in any case the law is in line with the historic relationship between Congress and the president in?
What is expected to hear argument?
What does the Justice Department argue that in the law is in line with the historic relationship between Congress and the president in earlier this month's appeal?
What did the Supreme Court dismiss?
What allows the president to veto selected budget items five days after signing a bill?
What may Congress override a line-item veto by?
What does the Justice Department argue that the new challengers also do not have standing to challenge in its appeal?
Who said which took effect in January 1997 impermissibly upsets the balance of powers so carefully prescribed by framers?
What did U. S. District Judge Thomas Hogan say impermissibly upsets the balance of powers so carefully prescribed by framers?
What did earlier this month say impermissibly upsets the balance of powers so carefully prescribed by framers?
Who said it impermissibly upsets the balance of powers so carefully prescribed by framers?
What was February 20-- The U. S. Justice Department?
What does the Justice Department argue that the new challengers also do not have standing to challenge the law in?
What argues that in any case the law is in line with the historic relationship between Congress and the president in earlier this month's appeal?
What was challenged last year by a group of mostly Democratic senators?
What did U. S. District Judge Thomas Hogan strike down?
What did the Supreme Court say had no standing to bring suit?
What does the Justice Department argue that in any case the law is in in its appeal?
What said the group had no standing to bring suit?
What does the Justice Department argue that in any case the law is in in earlier this month's appeal?
What does the Justice Department argue that the new challengers also do not have standing to challenge in earlier this month's appeal?
Who does the line-item veto law allow to veto selected budget items five days after signing a bill?
What may override a line-item veto by a simple majority vote?
What filed suit?
What is expected to rule on the line-item veto's constitutionality before the end of the term in late June or early July?
What does the Justice Department argue in in its appeal?
What did the line-item veto law take in January 1997?
What may Congress override by a simple majority vote?
When said which took effect in January 1997 impermissibly upsets the balance of powers so carefully prescribed by framers?
What did another group of challengers file?
What was led by New York State?
What took effect in January 1997?
What had standing because one of Clinton's line-item vetoes struck out extra Medicare funding for the state?
When did earlier this month say impermissibly upsets the balance of powers so carefully prescribed by framers?
What did the Supreme Court say?
What argues that in any case the law is in line with the historic relationship between Congress and the president in its appeal?
When appealed the Supreme Court a federal judge's decision striking down the presidential line-item veto?
What contended that the line-item veto is unconstitutional?
What did one of Clinton's line-item vetoes strike out?
What argues that the new challengers also do not have standing to challenge the law in earlier this month's appeal?
What does the Justice Department argue in earlier this month's appeal?
When did the line-item veto law take effect?
What did the Supreme Court say the group had?
What does the Justice Department argue in its appeal?
What was the law challenged last year by?
If the president vetoes the simple majority override what is needed to override after that?
What was the group led by?
What did the Supreme Court say President Bill Clinton had not yet used?
What is expected to accept the appeal?
What struck out extra Medicare funding for the state?
Who did the Supreme Court say had not yet used the selective veto?
When did U. S. District Judge Thomas Hogan say impermissibly upsets the balance of powers so carefully prescribed by framers?
What did Justice Department lawyers argue that Congress did not let the president unlawfully usurp in the appeal acted on Friday?
Who did the Republican-led Congress vote to provide with the unprecedented power of canceling specific items in spending and tax legislation in 1996?
What agreed on Friday to hear argument?
What was spending and tax legislation considered?
Who used the line-item veto 82 times last year?
What was February 27-- The Supreme Court?
What has appealed that ruling directly to the Supreme Court?
When was WASHINGTON?
What voted to provide the president with the unprecedented power of canceling specific items in spending and tax legislation in 1996?
Who did Justice Department lawyers argue that Congress did not let unlawfully usurp its power in the appeal acted on Friday?
When will the highest court's review yield what could be a momentous balance-of-powers ruling?
Who are this term's challengers led by?
What was considered a key to fighting wasteful ``pork-barrel'' projects?
What did the Republican-led Congress vote to provide the president with in 1996?
Who argued that Congress did not let the president unlawfully usurp its power in the appeal acted on Friday?
Who struck down the line-item veto law as unconstitutional?
What is expected to restore 38 of those items with two-thirds majority votes in both the House of Representatives and Senate?
What did WASHINGTON agree on Friday to hear?
What has the administration appealed that ruling directly to?
What was challenged last year by a group of mostly Democratic senators?
What is scheduled to be argued before the justices on April 27?
What did WASHINGTON agree on Friday to decide?
What did the Snake River Potato Growers sue over?
Who did U. S. District Judge Thomas Hogan say to?''
When was the line-item veto challenged by a group of mostly Democratic senators?
What was the challenge dismissed by?
What did WASHINGTON agree on Friday to decide the constitutionality of?
What will the highest court's review yield by late June?
When did WASHINGTON agree to hear argument?
What was dismissed by the Supreme Court?
What took effect in January 1997?
Who sued over a Clinton veto of farm cooperative subsidies?
When did the law take effect?
What will yield by late June what could be a momentous balance-of-powers ruling?
Who are led by New York City Mayor Rudolph Giuliani and Idaho farmers?
What did a federal judge strike down as unconstitutional?
What has the administration appealed directly to the Supreme Court?
What did Justice Department lawyers argue in the appeal acted on Friday?
When did the Republican-led Congress vote to provide the president with the unprecedented power of canceling specific items in spending and tax legislation?
What was the line-item veto challenged last year by?
What did the law take in January 1997?
What agreed on Friday to decide the constitutionality of the president line-item veto?
What did Justice Department lawyers argue that Congress did not let the president unlawfully usurp its power in?
When did WASHINGTON agree to decide the constitutionality of the president line-item veto?
Who has exercised a line-item veto?
When did Congress vote to give the president such authority?
When was WASHINGTON?
What was June 25?
What did a federal judge say could not delegate such authority to the president?
Who is a law signed by?
What said the law violates that part of the Constitution requiring every bill to be presented to the president for his approval or veto?
What said the law violates that part of the Constitution requiring every bill to be presented to the president for June 25's approval or veto?
What did the judge say once a bill becomes law, is to carry President Bill Clinton out?
Who wrote for the court?
Who did the line-item veto law let sign a bill?
What did the Clinton administration contend would not actually repeal part of a law, but would be a presidential exercise of spending authority delegated by Congress?
Who concluded that ``the procedures authorized by the line-item veto act are not authorized by the Constitution?''
What did the court say only through?
What did the high court's 6-3 decision say the law violates that part of requiring every bill to be presented to the president for his approval or veto?
Who used the veto 82 times last year?
What did the high court's 6-3 decision say the law violates?
What did a federal judge rule?
What did the high court's 6-3 decision say violates that part of the Constitution requiring every bill to be presented to the president for his approval or veto?
Who were provisions they sought vetoed by?
What was the line-item veto?
What were vetoed by President Bill Clinton?
What let the president sign a bill?
What said the administration and the veto law's backers in Congress were wrong?
What did U. S. District Judge Thomas F. Hogan say it amounted to by Congress of an ``inherently legislative function'' to the president?
What was the authority sought by nearly every president this century as a tool to limit pork-barrel spending?
What voted in 1996 to give the president such authority?
Who were provisions growers sought vetoed by?
Who said once a bill becomes law, the president's sole duty is to carry President Bill Clinton out?
Who said Congress could not delegate such authority to the president?
What does a bill become?
Who was Clinton to exercise a line-item veto?
What did the Supreme Court say?
What did the court say that type of line-item veto can be authorized only through?
What is signed by the president?
Who did opponents of the line-item veto argue by?
Who did the line-item veto law let go back to reject specific spending items or tax breaks in it?
What did the Clinton administration contend?
Whose sole duty did the judge say once a bill becomes law, is to carry it out?
What then could reinstate the item by passing a separate bill?
What did the high court's 6-3 decision say?
What did U. S. District Judge Thomas F. Hogan say it amounted to a surrender by to the president?
What would the final law not be the same as?
What did a federal judge say?
What did the judge say once a bill becomes law, is to carry it out?
What was challenged by New York City and an Idaho potato growers ' group after provisions they sought were vetoed by President Bill Clinton?
What did U. S. District Judge Thomas F. Hogan say amounted to a surrender by Congress of an ``inherently legislative function'' to the president?
What did U. S. District Judge Thomas F. Hogan say to?
Who was the first president to exercise a line-item veto?
What did WASHINGTON-- The U. S. Supreme Court Thursday strike down as?
What struck down as unconstitutional the line-item veto law that lets the U. S. President strike out specific items in tax and spending measures?
Who did U. S. District Judge Thomas F. Hogan say it amounted to a surrender by Congress of an ``inherently legislative function'' to?
What did opponents of the line-item veto argue that once a law is signed by the president, it can be changed only in?
Who ruled the line-item veto unconstitutional in February?
What did the line-item veto law let the president go back to reject?
What did the Supreme Court say were wrong?
Who said once a bill becomes law, the president's sole duty is to carry it out?
What was the line-item veto law challenged by growers ' group after provisions they sought were vetoed by President Bill Clinton?
What did the Supreme Court on Thursday uphold?
What upheld that ruling?
Who said it amounted to a surrender by Congress of an ``inherently legislative function'' to the president?
What has the president exercised?
What did the line-item veto law let the president sign?
What becomes law?
What would not be the same as the measure approved by Congress?
What contended a line-item veto would not actually repeal part of a law, but would be a presidential exercise of spending authority delegated by Congress?
What did Justice John Paul Stevens write for?
What could Congress then reinstate by passing a separate bill?
Whose sole duty did the judge say once a bill becomes law, is to carry President Bill Clinton out?
What let the president go back to reject specific spending items or tax breaks in it?
What did a federal judge say Congress could not delegate?
What would the final law not be as the measure approved by Congress?
What said that type of line-item veto can be authorized only through a constitutional amendment?
