What comes as special prosecutor Kenneth Starr tries to negotiate agreement for the cooperation of Ms. Lewinsky?
Who is Ms. Lewinsky?
Who said Thursday WASHINGTON _ Linda Tripp was subpoenaed to testify before the grand jury next week?
Who did one of Tripp's lawyers say Thursday was subpoenaed to testify before the grand jury next week?
When did one of Tripp's lawyers say WASHINGTON _ Linda Tripp was subpoenaed to testify before the grand jury next week?
Who tries to negotiate agreement for the cooperation of Ms. Lewinsky?
Who said the grand jury subpoenaed Tripp on Thursday?
When did Joe Murtha say the grand jury subpoenaed Tripp?
What did Joe Murtha say subpoenaed Tripp on Thursday?
What triggered WASHINGTON _ Linda Tripp's tape a criminal investigation of President Bill Clinton?
What does special prosecutor Kenneth Starr try to negotiate?
Who did Joe Murtha say the grand jury subpoenaed on Thursday?
Who is a former White House intern who alleged in conversations with Tripp a presidential affair and cover-up?
Who would not comment?
Who was a Tripp lawyer?
Who was Joe Murtha?
What are Linda Tripp's legal bills already?
Whose legal bills are already more than $325,000?
Who describes herself as ``David up against Goliath'' in fending off the attacks of Clinton's ``disciples'' and ``henchmen?''
What does Mrs. Tripp live in?
When did the Washington Post report Mrs. Tripp is sending about 20,000 fund-raising letters ``urgently'' asking for contributions to her defense fund?
Who lives in Columbia?
Who did the Washington Post report Friday is sending about 20,000 fund-raising letters ``urgently'' asking for contributions to her defense fund?
Who does Linda Tripp describe herself as'' in fending off the attacks of Clinton's ``disciples'' and ``henchmen?''
What does Mrs. Tripp earn $90,767 a year in?
What is Mrs. Tripp being investigated by for taping her phone conversations with Ms. Lewinsky?
Who-- is passing the hat to raise money for her legal fees?
What does Maryland law forbid taping another person without?
Who does she describe herself as'' in fending off the attacks of Clinton's ``disciples'' and ``henchmen?''
How many fund-raising letters ``urgently'' did the Washington Post report Friday Mrs. Tripp is sending asking for contributions to her defense fund?
Who is being investigated by a Maryland grand jury for taping her phone conversations with Ms. Lewinsky?
Who earns $90,767 a year in her Pentagon public affairs job?
What are already more than $325,000?
Who does she describe as ``David up against Goliath'' in fending off the attacks of Clinton's ``disciples'' and ``henchmen?''
Who does Linda Tripp describe as ``David up against Goliath'' in fending off the attacks of Clinton's ``disciples'' and ``henchmen?''
What reported Friday Mrs. Tripp is sending about 20,000 fund-raising letters ``urgently'' asking for contributions to her defense fund?
What forbids taping another person without their knowledge and consent?
What is-- Linda Tripp passing to raise money for her legal fees?
What did the Washington Post report Friday Mrs. Tripp is sending asking for contributions to her defense fund?
What are her legal bills already?
Who does Maryland law forbid taping without their knowledge and consent?
What were other than Linda Tripp and Q's job search?
What were other things?
What did. . . I interpret it as from the president?
What do I think that is?
What do I think?
What was so that was sort of my intention in meeting with Mr. Jordan hoping?
What was so that was sort of my intention in meeting with Mr. Jordan hoping that I could give?
What was that really in?
Who did. . . I interpret it as a request from?
Who thinks that is clear from everybody's grand jury testimony?
What did. . . I interpret as a request from the president?
Who knew where I would need to call?
Who. . . interpreted it as a request from the president?
What was hoping that I could give a little information and that would get passed on?
What were other than Linda Tripp and your job search?
What was really in relation to discussing Linda Tripp?
When will Mrs. Tripp's ``Today'' interview air shortly after 7:30 a. m. EST?
Whose impeachment crisis did NEW YORK-- Linda Tripp's taped conversations spark with Monica Lewinsky?
What does she's yet to give an extensive interview about?
Who did executive producer Jeff Zucker say repeatedly requested the interview over an eight-month period?
Whose thoughts did Zucker say, ``correspondent Jamie Gangel think''?
Who has agreed to speak to ABC's Barbara Walters first?
When 'll she talk live with King in prime time?
When will Mrs. Tripp's ``Today'' interview air Friday morning?
What did the top-rated morning program feature shortly after the scandal broke?
Whose spokesman was not available for comment?
What does Linda Tripp's yet to give an extensive interview about?
Who 'll she talk live with in prime time the following Monday?
Who got her to talk about her relationship with Clinton while secretly taping the White House counsel's talks?
Who was Philip Coughter?
When 'll she talk live with King the following Monday?
What cannot be done until Independent Counsel Kenneth Starr grants permission?
What has agreed to interviews with NBC's ``Today'' show and CNN's ``Larry King Live?''
What did NEW YORK-- Linda Tripp's taped conversations spark with Monica Lewinsky?
Whose spokesman was Philip Coughter?
What said on Monday?
Whose office did Mrs. Tripp work in before being transferred to the Pentagon, befriended Ms. Lewinsky and?
Who did Mrs. Tripp get to talk about her relationship with Clinton while secretly taping the White House counsel's talks?
Whose taped conversations sparked President Clinton's impeachment crisis with Monica Lewinsky?
What will air Friday morning shortly after 7:30 a. m. EST?
When was the eight-month period?
When did executive producer Jeff Zucker say Gangel repeatedly requested the interview?
What has NEW YORK-- Linda Tripp agreed to?''
What does it's?''
When 'll correspondent Jamie Gangel talk live with King the following Monday?
What did Mrs. Tripp work in before being transferred to the Pentagon, befriended Ms. Lewinsky and?
What does she's yet to give about the case?
What was Mrs. Tripp's spokesman not available for?
Who did Mrs. Tripp get to talk about her relationship with Clinton while secretly taping their talks?
Who 'll correspondent Jamie Gangel talk live with in prime time the following Monday?
What did executive producer Jeff Zucker say Gangel repeatedly requested over an eight-month period?
What did Zucker say, ``correspondent Jamie Gangel think''?
What does Independent Counsel Kenneth Starr grant?
What did Mrs. Tripp get her to talk about while secretly taping the White House counsel's talks?
Who grants permission?
Who was not available for comment?
What featured a Matt Lauer interview with first lady Hillary Rodham Clinton shortly after the scandal broke?
What did Zucker say, ``I think''?
Who has Ms. Lewinsky agreed to speak to first?
Who said Gangel repeatedly requested the interview over an eight-month period?
Who was Mrs. Tripp's spokesman?
Who said, ``I think we 're interested in what her thoughts are now that the trial is almost over and how this has affected her life''?
Whose ``Today'' interview will air Friday morning shortly after 7:30 a. m. EST?
Who 'll talk live with King in prime time the following Monday?
When was Today?
What broke?
What's the second big interview on this story landed by ``Today?''
Who's yet to give an extensive interview about the case?
When 'll correspondent Jamie Gangel talk live with King in prime time?
What sparked President Clinton's impeachment crisis with Monica Lewinsky?
Who got her to talk about her relationship with Clinton while secretly taping their talks?
Who did NEW YORK-- Linda Tripp's taped conversations spark President Clinton's impeachment crisis with?
What does a pre-taped talk with correspondent Jamie Gangel's?''
Who said?
When did CNN say?
What does Linda Tripp's yet to give about the case?
What did Mrs. Tripp get her to talk about while secretly taping their talks?
What had been hoping to run the interview during the February ``sweeps'' period?
Who worked in the White House counsel's office before being transferred to the Pentagon, befriended Ms. Lewinsky and?
Whose office should handle the Lewinsky investigation?
What are those comments by Starr's prosecutors memorialized in at a meeting in January 1998 at the Justice Department?
What is Paul Rosenzweig a member of?
What has reported that there were several conversations between Marcus and Rosenzweig from November 1997 to January 1998 in addition?
What has the New York Times reported that there were from November 1997 to January 1998 in addition?
Who has the Justice Department also advised Starr to?
What were the Lewinsky allegations?
What were a contact?
What is the contact between Paul Rosenzweig, and Philadelphia lawyer Jerome Marcus?
What did Porter end up representing?
What did Goldberg call Porter on?
When did any mention of Linda Tripp's name include Starr said his office did not act on it that he did not believe the information?
Whose legal team did Philadelphia lawyer Jerome Marcus assist?
When did WASHINGTON-- Independent Counsel Kenneth Starr come under increased criticism as a Democratic senator questioned his conduct of the Monica Lewinsky investigation?
What is one area that may be of concern to the Justice Department?
What has the New York Times reported that there were several conversations between Marcus and Rosenzweig from November 1997 to January 1998 in?
What have Democrats suggested when Starr's prosecutors told the Justice Department they had not had any contact with Mrs. Jones ' lawyers?
What does governing appointment of independent counsel of?
Who questioned his conduct of the Monica Lewinsky investigation?
Who is a member of Starr's office?
Whose office is Paul Rosenzweig a member of?
What counsels of a conflict-of-interest provision in the law?
What included Starr said his office did not act on 19 to the House Judiciary Committee? that he did not believe the information on Jan. 8,1998?
What is the question?
What are those comments by Starr's prosecutors memorialized in notes taken by participants at?
What is Mrs. Tripp involved in?
Who is her lawyer?
What should Starr's office handle?
What is Paul Rosenzweig?
What does Honesty and truthfulness and the rule of law also apply to?
Whose first contact with Starr's office on Jan. 12,1998 did Marcus speak with Rosenzweig about the Lewinsky allegations that Starr confirmed in his testimony Nov. before?
What is whether Porter ended up representing anyone?
What did any mention of Linda Tripp's name include Starr said did not act on it that he did not believe the information on Jan. 8,1998?
What did a Democratic senator question?
What also applies to those who are cloaked with the authority and the responsibility of enforcing those laws?
Who was Mrs. Tripp looking for?
When did Marcus speak with Rosenzweig about the Lewinsky allegations that Starr confirmed in his testimony Nov.?
Who called Porter on Mrs. Tripp's behalf?
What are memorialized in notes taken by participants at a meeting in January 1998 at the Justice Department?
Who is involved in the case?
What should handle the Lewinsky investigation?
Whose behalf did Goldberg call Porter on?
Who was looking for a new attorney?
Who said, ``Starr's prosecutors 've heard a lot about the rule of law recently'' in the impeachment trial''?
What did any mention of Linda Tripp's name include Starr said his office did not act on it that he did not believe on Jan. 8,1998?
When has the New York Times reported that there were several conversations between Marcus and Rosenzweig from November 1997 in addition?
Who could have been barred from taking on the Lewinsky probe because of a conflict-of-interest provision in the law governing appointment of independent counsels?
When has the New York Times reported that there were several conversations between Marcus and Rosenzweig to January 1998 in addition?
Who have suggested a possible conflict and misrepresentation when Starr's prosecutors told the Justice Department they had not had any contact with Mrs. Jones ' lawyers?
Who did Goldberg call on Mrs. Tripp's behalf?
Who assisted Mrs. Jones ' legal team?
What did Marcus speak with Rosenzweig about the Lewinsky allegations in four days before Linda Tripp's first contact with Starr's office on Jan. 12,1998?
What included Starr said his office did not act on it that he did not believe the information on Jan. 8,1998?
Who has the Justice Department also advised Starr it intends to investigate the actions of Starr's office Jan. 16,1998 offer to?
Who is Frank Carter?
What did Philadelphia lawyer Jerome Marcus assist?
When did any mention of Linda Tripp's name include Starr said his office did not act on it?
Who said, ``We 've heard a lot about the rule of law recently'' in the impeachment trial''?
When did any mention of Linda Tripp's name include Starr said his office did not act on 19 to the House Judiciary Committee? ?
When has the New York Times reported in addition?
What did a Democratic senator question his conduct of?
What did WASHINGTON-- Independent Counsel Kenneth Starr come under Wednesday as a Democratic senator questioned his conduct of the Monica Lewinsky investigation?
What did any mention of Linda Tripp's name include Starr said on?
What came under increased criticism Wednesday as a Democratic senator questioned his conduct of the Monica Lewinsky investigation?
Who ended up representing anyone?
Who was the principal deputy assistant secretary of defense for public affairs?
Who has had a difficult relationship with her employer?
What does she say?
Who confirmed the meeting?
What was Mrs. Tripp informed of the change Monday at in a meeting with her supervisor?
What has the 19-year federal employee had?
Who may Mrs. Tripp's federal immunity from prosecution from independent counsel Kenneth Starr not save her from?
Who may Mrs. Tripp's federal immunity from prosecution from independent counsel Kenneth Starr not save Linda Tripp from?
Who was Philip Coughter?
Who works from home since the scandal erupted?
Who are Mrs. Tripp's tape-recorded phone calls of Ms. Lewinsky discussing a planned cover-up of her affair with Clinton the focal point of a probe by?
Who was Linda Tripp's supervisor?
What did the Pentagon conclude Linda Tripp's presence would be disruptive to?
Who declares she wanted to remain at her work station at the Pentagon?
What did the Pentagon conclude to?
What did Army Col. Richard Bridges confirm?
Who did Army Col. Richard Bridges say had no other information?
What are the focal point of a probe by a Maryland prosecutor of whether she broke the state wiretapping law?
What may not save her from the Maryland prosecutor?
What brought together opinion leaders from across the nation to familiarize them with activities of all the military services?
Who was a spokesman for Mrs. Tripp?
Whose director of defense information was Army Col. Richard Bridges?
Who was informed of the change Monday at the Pentagon in a meeting with her supervisor?
What did the Pentagon conclude her presence would be disruptive to?
Who said he had no other information?
How many people familiar with the matter said Monday night?
Who was Army Col. Richard Bridges?
Who did the program for the secretary of defense bring together opinion leaders from across the nation to familiarize with activities of all the military services?
Who does the 19-year federal employee declare wanted to remain at her work station at the Pentagon?
What did Linda Tripp work in during the Bush and early years of the Clinton administration?
Who was director of the high-profile Joint Civilian Orientation Conference?
What said Monday night?
Who did her tapes launch the probe of?
Whose federal immunity from prosecution from independent counsel Kenneth Starr may not save Linda Tripp from the Maryland prosecutor?
What did she work in during the Bush and early years of the Clinton administration?
Who is gathering evidence independent of the tapes and her sworn testimony to Starr?
Who has had a difficult relationship with Linda Tripp's employer?
What does Linda Tripp say?
What was Doug Wilson the principal deputy assistant secretary of for public affairs?
When did two people familiar with the matter say?
What did the program for the secretary of defense bring together opinion leaders from across the nation to familiarize with activities of all the military services?
What does the 19-year federal employee work from since the scandal erupted?
Who was assigned to put together a training manual from home?
What did the program for the secretary of defense bring together opinion leaders from across the nation to familiarize them with?
Whose tapes launched the probe of President Clinton?
Who worked in the White House during the Bush and early years of the Clinton administration?
Who declares Linda Tripp wanted to remain at her work station at the Pentagon?
Who was her supervisor?
What did she work in the White House during?
What does the 19-year federal employee declare at?
Who was Doug Wilson?
Who says the probe is politically motivated?
What does the 19-year federal employee declare she wanted to remain at?
Whose presence did the Pentagon conclude would be disruptive to the Defense Department?
What does Linda Tripp say is politically motivated?
Who did Linda Tripp's tapes launch the probe of?
Who was Mrs. Tripp?
Who concluded her presence would be disruptive to the Defense Department?
What is the Maryland prosecutor gathering?
What was Mrs. Tripp director of?
What did the Pentagon conclude would be disruptive to the Defense Department?
Whose supervisor was Doug Wilson?
What does the 19-year federal employee declare Linda Tripp wanted to remain at?
Whose presence did the Pentagon conclude to?
Who may Mrs. Tripp's federal immunity from prosecution from independent counsel Kenneth Starr not save from the Maryland prosecutor?
What erupted?
What was Mrs. Tripp informed of at the Pentagon in a meeting with her supervisor?
What launched the probe of President Clinton?
What was Army Col. Richard Bridges the Pentagon's director of?
What was Mrs. Tripp informed of the change Monday at the Pentagon in?
What is the Maryland prosecutor gathering evidence of?
Who was the Pentagon's director of defense information?
Who concluded Linda Tripp's presence would be disruptive to the Defense Department?
What did Army Col. Richard Bridges say he had?
What did her tapes launch?
Whose federal immunity from prosecution from independent counsel Kenneth Starr may not save her from the Maryland prosecutor?
What may not save Linda Tripp from the Maryland prosecutor?
What did Army Col. Richard Bridges say?
What did Linda Tripp's tapes launch?
What does she say is politically motivated?
Who did the program for the secretary of defense bring together from across the nation to familiarize them with activities of all the military services?
What did Linda Tripp work in the White House during?
Who is gathering evidence independent of the tapes and Linda Tripp's sworn testimony to Starr?
Who declined to comment?
If tried and convicted, when could Linda Tripp get?
What did unidentified sources tell on Saturday State prosecutors filed the request with U. S. District Judge Norma Holloway Johnson?
Who did she make?
Whose affair was Independent Counsel Kenneth Starr?
If tried and convicted, who could get five years in prison and a $10,000 fine?
What did unidentified sources tell The Sun on Saturday State prosecutors filed with U. S. District Judge Norma Holloway Johnson?
Who did unidentified sources tell The Sun on Saturday filed the request with U. S. District Judge Norma Holloway Johnson?
What did Mrs. Tripp turn over to Independent Counsel Kenneth Starr with President Clinton?
What did she receive a federal grant of immunity from in return?
What did she make?
What told The Sun on Saturday State prosecutors filed the request with U. S. District Judge Norma Holloway Johnson?
Who has declined to acknowledge publicly whether she made the tapes?
What was Independent Counsel Kenneth Starr?
Whose custody do the tapes remain in?
If tried and convicted, when could she get?
Who made the tapes?
What did Linda Tripp receive a federal grant of from prosecution in return?
What did Linda Tripp receive a federal grant of immunity from in return?
When did unidentified sources tell The Sun State prosecutors filed the request with U. S. District Judge Norma Holloway Johnson?
Who made them?
What is ignorance of the law?
What did she receive a federal grant of immunity from prosecution in?
When has State Prosecutor Stephen Montanarelli tried unsuccessfully to obtain the tapes?
Who did unidentified sources tell The Sun on Saturday State prosecutors filed the request with?
If tried and convicted, how many years in prison and a $10,000 fine could Linda Tripp get?
What has State Prosecutor Stephen Montanarelli tried unsuccessfully since July to obtain?
What did Linda Tripp receive a federal grant of immunity from prosecution in?
What did Linda Tripp receive from prosecution in return?
Who turned over the tapes to Independent Counsel Kenneth Starr with President Clinton?
Who received a federal grant of immunity from prosecution in return?
What is a valid defense?
Who did Mrs. Tripp turn over the tapes to with President Clinton?
Who broke Maryland law by recording conversations with Ms. Lewinsky?
Who was triggering the investigation into the former White House intern's affair?
What must Montanarelli establish independently without?
Who did a newspaper report-- Maryland prosecutors have asked?
If tried and convicted, how many years in prison and a $10,000 fine could she get?
What is considering whether Mrs. Tripp broke Maryland law by recording conversations with Ms. Lewinsky?
Who has declined to acknowledge publicly whether she made them?
What remain in Starr's custody?
What has Mrs. Tripp declined to acknowledge publicly?
What did Linda Tripp make?
What do the tapes remain in?
What is a Maryland grand jury considering?
Who must establish independently that Mrs. Tripp made the tapes and knew that taping Ms. Lewinsky without her knowledge was illegal?
What did Mrs. Tripp break by recording conversations with Ms. Lewinsky?
What did she receive a federal grant of from prosecution in return?
What did she receive from prosecution in return?
Who did Mrs. Tripp turn over the tapes to Independent Counsel Kenneth Starr with?
Who has tried unsuccessfully since July to obtain the tapes?
What has ruled?
What did he use to persuade to indict Linda Tripp on wiretapping charges?
What did he use to persuade a grand jury to indict Linda Tripp on?
Who did a prosecutor use to persuade a grand jury to indict on wiretapping charges?
What did a prosecutor use to persuade a grand jury to indict Linda Tripp on?
Who did he use to persuade a grand jury to indict on wiretapping charges?
Who broke Maryland law by recording phone conversations with former White House intern Monica Lewinsky?
Whose relationship with Ms. Lewinsky were the Tripp tapes the basis for Kenneth Starr's investigation into?
What was Judicial Watch?
What were the Tripp tapes into President Clinton's relationship with Ms. Lewinsky?
What were the Tripp tapes the basis for Kenneth Starr's investigation into?
What were the basis for Kenneth Starr's investigation into President Clinton's relationship with Ms. Lewinsky?
Whose order involving State Prosecutor Stephen Montanarelli did the Court of Appeals on Tuesday overturn?
When has been set?
What overturned a judge's order involving State Prosecutor Stephen Montanarelli?
What did Ms. Tripp break by recording phone conversations with former White House intern Monica Lewinsky?
Who used to persuade a grand jury to indict Linda Tripp on wiretapping charges?
What did a prosecutor use to persuade to indict Linda Tripp on wiretapping charges?
What did the Court of Appeals on Tuesday overturn?
Who was the conservative legal group?
Who was indicted last July for illegally taping phone conversations with former White House intern Monica Lewinsky?
Who ruled in December that only one tape could be used in the case because of immunity granted to Tripp by Independent Counsel Kenneth Starr?
What left prosecutors unable to prove that the call took place before Tripp's immunity took effect?
What did State prosecutors say last week they would ask Circuit Court Judge Diane Leasure to dismiss because of insufficient evidence?
When did Leasure rule that only one tape could be used in the case because of immunity granted to Tripp by Independent Counsel Kenneth Starr?
When did the judge rule that most of Lewinsky's testimony was tainted and inadmissible?
What did Tripp's immunity take?
What did a Howard County judge dismiss the indictment of?
What did that leave prosecutors unable to prove?
What did State prosecutors say last week would ask Circuit Court Judge Diane Leasure to dismiss the case because of insufficient evidence?
What did State prosecutors say last week they would ask Circuit Court Judge Diane Leasure to dismiss the case because of?
What did the judge rule in May?
When was Tripp indicted for illegally taping phone conversations with former White House intern Monica Lewinsky?
Who ruled that most of Lewinsky's testimony was tainted and inadmissible in May?
What did a Howard County judge dismiss?
What were used in the investigation that led to the impeachment of the president?
Who did State prosecutors say last week they would ask to dismiss the case because of insufficient evidence?
Who did State prosecutors say last week would ask Circuit Court Judge Diane Leasure to dismiss the case because of insufficient evidence?
What did State prosecutors say last week because of?
What-- came to an official end Wednesday as a Howard County judge dismissed the indictment of the central figure in the impeachment of President Clinton?
Whose immunity did that leave prosecutors unable to prove?
What did Leasure rule in December in?
When did State prosecutors say they would ask Circuit Court Judge Diane Leasure to dismiss the case because of insufficient evidence?
Whose immunity took effect?
What were the tapes used in?
What took effect?
What did Leasure rule in December that only one tape could be used in the case because of?
What did Leasure rule in December that only one tape could be used in because of immunity granted to Tripp by Independent Counsel Kenneth Starr?
Who dismissed the indictment of the central figure in the impeachment of President Clinton?
Who said last week they would ask Circuit Court Judge Diane Leasure to dismiss the case because of insufficient evidence?
Who did that leave unable to prove that the call took place before Tripp's immunity took effect?
What did U. S. District Judge Royce Lamberth order e-mails produced within 20 days in the case of hundreds of appointees from in a lawsuit brought by a conservative group?
What did WASHINGTON-- A federal judge order on Monday to retrieve e-mails from President Clinton and the first lady and 31 presidential aides concerning the FBI files controversy?
Who was e-mails from President Clinton and the first lady and 31 presidential aides concerning the FBI files controversy?
What ordered the White House on Monday to retrieve e-mails from President Clinton and the first lady and 31 presidential aides concerning the FBI files controversy?
Who called for a search of White House computer archives?
Who did Lamberth say will deal later with the problem that 100,000 or more e-mails were not archived and are being reconstructed from computer back-up tapes?
What did Lamberth say with?
What did Lamberth say he will deal later with the problem from?
What was Linda Tripp and presidential accuser Kathleen Willey?
What did Lamberth call for computer archives?
Who is the conservative group?
What is Judicial Watch?
What did Lamberth say he will deal later with that 100,000 or more e-mails were not archived and are being reconstructed from computer back-up tapes?
What did Lamberth call for a search of White House?
What did WASHINGTON-- A federal judge order the White House on Monday to retrieve?
Who said he will deal later with the problem that 100,000 or more e-mails were not archived and are being reconstructed from computer back-up tapes?
What is trying to prove that the Clinton administration routinely attacked its political enemies by using confidential material protected by the Privacy Act?
Who did Mrs. Tripp bring the 20 hours of tape recordings to on Jan. 12?
How many hours of tape recordings did Mrs. Tripp bring to Starr's prosecutors on Jan. 12?
When was her appearance met with far less hoopla than her first day?
Who was a Pentagon employee?
Who does the portrait suggest that Mrs. Tripp was to quiz both women under oath?
Who did Mrs. Tripp tell the 20 hours of tape recordings that Ms. Lewinsky had encouraged to lie under oath?
What did Mrs. Tripp head to the third floor?
Who was 48?
Who said nothing as she headed to the third floor grand jury room?
What did one of Mrs. Tripp's lawyers say that Mrs. Tripp was ``very encouraged by'' after the grand jury recessed for the day?
What did one of her lawyers say by after the grand jury recessed for the day?
What did Mrs. Tripp head to grand jury room?
What is Mrs. Tripp seeking on her own web site?
What did she head to grand jury room?
Whose ``constant talk'' of her alleged relationship with President Clinton did the person say Mrs. Tripp had grown tired of?
What did two people close to Mrs. Tripp say she is disgusted by that she recorded her conversations with Ms. Lewinsky to try to write a book?
Who did two people close to Mrs. Tripp say she is disgusted by the suggestions in the media with?
Who headed to the third floor grand jury room?
Who did the person say had grown tired of Ms. Lewinsky's ``constant talk'' of her alleged relationship with President Clinton?
Who has very low approval ratings in public opinion polls?
Who have commentators said to?
What did two people close to Mrs. Tripp say by?
What is Mrs. Tripp seeking support on?
What did Mrs. Tripp tell The Washington Post, ``I did not cultivate''?
What does Mrs. Tripp have?
Who is seen as one of the most important witnesses to appear before the grand jury in the five-month-old inquiry led by independent counsel Kenneth Starr?
When did Mrs. Tripp bring to Starr's prosecutors on Jan. 12?
What did the person say Mrs. Tripp had grown?
Who did Mrs. Tripp tell that Ms. Lewinsky had encouraged her to lie under oath?
What did Mrs. Tripp tell the 20 hours of tape recordings that Ms. Lewinsky had encouraged her to lie under?
What was her appearance met with on Tuesday?
What was Mrs. Tripp's appearance met with on Tuesday?
Who told the 20 hours of tape recordings that Ms. Lewinsky had encouraged her to lie under oath?
Who told The Washington Post, ``I did not cultivate Monica _ she cultivated me''?
If she does not who almost certainly will be indicted?
Who refused to say what questions Mrs. Tripp had been asked, but said that she would return?
Who did Mrs. Tripp's lawyers and supporters present the public with a freshly burnished image of Mrs. Tripp as?
What was Mrs. Tripp?
What is Mrs. Tripp seen as to appear before the grand jury in the five-month-old inquiry led by independent counsel Kenneth Starr?
What did Mrs. Tripp's lawyers and supporters present with a freshly burnished image of Mrs. Tripp as an honest person motivated only by the truth?
Who said Mrs. Tripp had grown tired of Ms. Lewinsky's ``constant talk'' of her alleged relationship with President Clinton?
Who is Monica?
What did the person say Mrs. Tripp had grown tired of?
What did Murtha tell reporters on?
Who is seeking support on her own web site?
Who did Mrs. Tripp tell them that Ms. Lewinsky had encouraged to lie under oath?
What did one of her lawyers say that Mrs. Tripp was ``very encouraged by'' after the grand jury recessed for the day?
Whose inquiry have commentators said to?
What does the portrait suggest under?
Who arrived at the federal courthouse here?
What did Mrs. Tripp's lawyers and supporters present the public with as an honest person motivated only by the truth?
Who was accompanied by two lawyers and a family friend?
What did Mrs. Tripp tell, ``I did not cultivate Monica _ she cultivated me''?
Who did Murtha tell on the steps of the federal courthouse?
Whose appearance was met with far less hoopla than her first day on Tuesday?
How many hours of tape recordings did Mrs. Tripp tell that Ms. Lewinsky had encouraged her to lie under oath?
What said she is disgusted by the suggestions in the media that she recorded her conversations with Ms. Lewinsky to try to write a book?
Whose lawyers and supporters presented the public with a freshly burnished image of Mrs. Tripp as an honest person motivated only by the truth?
Whose prosecutors did Mrs. Tripp bring the 20 hours of tape recordings to on Jan. 12?
When was Mrs. Tripp's appearance met with far less hoopla than her first day?
Who was Mrs. Tripp accompanied by?
If Mrs. Tripp does not who almost certainly will be indicted?
Who was Mrs. Tripp?
Who was the lawyer?
What did Mrs. Tripp tell that Ms. Lewinsky had encouraged her to lie under oath?
Who was Joseph Murtha?
Who told them that Ms. Lewinsky had encouraged her to lie under oath?
Who brought the 20 hours of tape recordings to Starr's prosecutors on Jan. 12?
What did Mrs. Tripp bring the 20 hours of to Starr's prosecutors on Jan. 12?
Who presented the public with a freshly burnished image of Mrs. Tripp as an honest person motivated only by the truth?
What did Mrs. Tripp tell them under?
What was met with far less hoopla than her first day on Tuesday?
What did Mrs. Tripp say, In the end, this investigation is not about left or right, it's about right and wrong in?
What did Mrs. Tripp tell the 20 hours of tape recordings under?
What did one of Mrs. Tripp's lawyers say by after the grand jury recessed for the day?
What did she head to the third floor?
When did Mrs. Tripp tell that Ms. Lewinsky had encouraged her to lie under oath?
What did Mrs. Tripp tell them that Ms. Lewinsky had encouraged her to lie under?
Whose appearance have commentators said to?
What did Mrs. Tripp arrive at here?
Who is a very worldly person?
Who told reporters on the steps of the federal courthouse?
What did Mrs. Tripp say as she headed to the third floor grand jury room?
What did the lawyer refuse to say?
What did Mrs. Tripp tell the 20 hours of that Ms. Lewinsky had encouraged her to lie under oath?
When did Mrs. Tripp bring the 20 hours of tape recordings to Starr's prosecutors?
Who declared, ``Ken Starr never, ever asked to be placed in this position''?
Who declared, ``I never, ever asked to be placed in this position''?
Who does Monica Lewinsky obviously not think asked for all that?
What not only invited herself into this mess _ she started it?
Who is not a scheming double-dealing creep who would rather indulge some perverse hatred for a politician than help a friend who's clearly in need of help?
What was Tripp who ultimately tipped off Starr and the news media to the existence of the tapes?
Who did Tripp take Monica Lewinsky's trash heap of tape-recorded gossip to?
What must Tripp surely understand?
Who can contact him at 390-7787?
Who is the fact not?
What was Tripp who decided to secretly tape conversations with Lewinsky in which Lewinsky talked about an alleged affair with Clinton?
What did Tripp not only invite herself into this mess _?
What does she obviously not think she asked for?
Who did Linda Tripp's self-imposed silence prevent from making statements?
Who ``demanded'' to be involved?
Who's an average American?
Who did Tripp not only invite into this mess _ she started it?
Who has the fact victimized?
What is not a victim?
What do not egg friends on when they consider doing something illegal?
What surely must understand that she volunteered to be a target for vilification?
What is these folks's opinion of?
What did Tripp not only invite Monica Lewinsky into this mess _?
What prevented her from making statements?
Who 'mes you?
What was it Tripp who reportedly baited the perjury trap by providing information about Lewinsky to lawyers in?
Who did Tripp take her trash heap of tape-recorded gossip to?
Who left him little choice but to investigate?
Who 'm you?
Who would do herself and the rest of us a favor if she would retreat to her previous status: seldom seen and never heard?
Who do not tape private conversations with people who are supposed to be their friends?
What could possibly be so naive as to underestimate the price she would pay for doing so?
What did Tripp take Monica Lewinsky's trash heap of to the independent counsel?
What did she ask for it the minute?
Who was it?
Who said, ``the independent counsel understand that there has been a great deal of speculation about just who I am and how I got here''?
Who is one thing she is not?
What do Average Americans do not?
What must Tripp surely understand that Monica Lewinsky volunteered to be?
Who said, ``the independent counsel 'm you''?
Who do I 'm just like?
What must Tripp surely understand that she volunteered to be?
Who did Linda Tripp's self-imposed silence prevent from standing in front of TV cameras?
What depends on no one's point of view _?
What can the independent counsel contact Bill Thompson at?
What is of course?
Who has endured at the hands of Clintonian spinmeisters, show-business jokemasters and ``legions of paid prevaricators?''
Who is she not?
What has Monica Lewinsky endured at?''
Who do not tape private conversations with people who are supposed to be federal prosecutors's friends?
What does those things depend on?
What surely must understand that Monica Lewinsky volunteered to be a target for vilification?
What changed on Wednesday?
Who said, ``I understand that there has been a great deal of speculation about just who I am and how I got here''?
What does Monica Lewinsky's American?
What do not encourage federal prosecutors to root through their friends ' sex lives?
Who has victimized others?
Who do American do not?
What well is simple?
Who never asked?
What did Tripp not only invite Monica Lewinsky into?
What prevented her from standing in front of TV cameras?
Who 'mes an average American who found herself in a situation not of her own making?
Who do not encourage federal prosecutors to root through their friends ' sex lives?
Whose sexual harassment lawsuit against Clinton was the fact Tripp who reportedly baited the perjury trap by providing information about Lewinsky to lawyers in?
Whose trash heap of tape-recorded gossip did Tripp take to the independent counsel?
Who took Monica Lewinsky's trash heap of tape-recorded gossip to the independent counsel?
Who was the fact in which Lewinsky talked about an alleged affair with Clinton?
Who was a lot easier to take when she was slinking around in Ken Starr's shadow and refusing to comment on his investigation of the president?
What never asked?
Who do they not encourage to root through their friends ' sex lives?
Who was the fact?
When did all that change?
Who was also so outrageous and insulting that statements required a response?
What did Tripp take to the independent counsel?
What does she obviously not think for?
Who does she obviously not think asked for all that?
Who left the independent counsel little choice but to investigate?
What did Tripp not ``ask'' to?
What do they not encourage federal prosecutors to root through?
Who do they do not?
Whose self-imposed silence prevented her from standing in front of TV cameras?
Who said, ``I 'm you''?
Who is one thing the fact is not?
What has she endured at?''
Who was the fact in Paula Jones ' sexual harassment lawsuit against Clinton?
What was Tripp who reportedly baited the perjury trap by providing information about Lewinsky to lawyers in Paula Jones ' sexual harassment lawsuit against Clinton?
Who's these folks?
What are good or bad?
Who was it in which Lewinsky talked about an alleged affair with Clinton?
What does Monica Lewinsky obviously not think she asked for?
Who 'm an average American who found Monica Lewinsky in a situation not of her own making?
Who obviously does not think she asked for all that?
What are entitled to their opinion?
Whose sex lives do Americannot encourage federal prosecutors to root through?
What was the fact Tripp who reportedly baited the perjury trap by providing information about Lewinsky to lawyers in?
Who does she's?
Who was it in Paula Jones ' sexual harassment lawsuit against Clinton?
What did Tripp take her trash heap of to the independent counsel?
Who took her trash heap of tape-recorded gossip to the independent counsel?
What depends on your point of view _?
Who 'm just like you?
Whose sex lives do they not encourage federal prosecutors to root through?
Who did her self-imposed silence prevent from making statements?
What did Tripp not only invite herself into?
Who was a lot easier to take when she was slinking around in Ken Starr's shadow and refusing to comment on Ken Starr's investigation of the president?
What are these folks entitled to?
Who do the independent counsel 'm just like?
What does she's American?
Who has she victimized?
Who is not a victim?
Who can you contact at 390-7787?
What is Linda Tripp?
What do the independent counsel 'm?
Who 'mes just like you?
What does Monica Lewinsky's?
What do I 'm?
Who do not egg friends on when they consider doing something illegal?
What is asked to be involved in the sex-and-lies scandal that has dominated public discussion in this country for six months?
Who's us?
Who can the independent counsel contact at 390-7787?
Who did Tripp not only invite into this mess _ she started the fact?
What does Monica Lewinsky obviously not think for?
What could possibly be so naive as to underestimate the price Monica Lewinsky would pay for doing so?
Who never asked _ at least not before Tripp took her trash heap of tape-recorded gossip to the independent counsel and left him little choice but to investigate?
What did Monica Lewinsky ask for the minute the minute?
Who is the average Americannot?
What can you contact him at?
Who admirers agreed when Tripp stood on the steps of the federal courthouse in Washington and declared herself the embodiment of the ``average American?''
What is an average American?
Whose sexual harassment lawsuit against Clinton was it Tripp who reportedly baited the perjury trap by providing information about Lewinsky to lawyers in?
Who do Americannot encourage to root through their friends ' sex lives?
Who was also so outrageous and insulting that they required a response?
What has victimized others?
Who did her self-imposed silence prevent from standing in front of TV cameras?
Who's right?
Who is many things _?
What do Americannot encourage federal prosecutors to root through?
What is their opinion of?
Who did not ``ask'' to be involved?
Who do the independent counsel 'm?
Whose self-imposed silence prevented her from making statements?
Who can contact Bill Thompson at 390-7787?
What is Linda Tripp _?
What not only invited Monica Lewinsky into this mess _ she started the fact?
Who do I 'm?
Who said, ``This was one of the rare times that the president 've ever agreed with you''?
What would it appear that Tripp's claim that she's a victim of the Clinton-Lewinsky sex scandal did not win?
What would most appear that Tripp's claim that Linda Tripp's a victim of the Clinton-Lewinsky sex scandal did not win?
Who were in the minority?
What did Tripp whine about at the hands of TV comics and ``legions of paid prevaricators?''
Who have readers so far sided with by a 3-to-1 ratio?
Who stood on the steps of the courthouse after testifying before Starr's federal grand jury last month?
Who was one of the instigators of the situation that is supposedly victimizing her?
What did she demand it I opined that Tripp not only asked to be in the position?
What's hard to believe that there will not be one?
Who is Monica Lewinsky?
What would most appear?
Who was searching for a deceitful person to help him in his endeavor?
Who is the former White House intern who says Linda Tripp had a sexual relationship with President Clinton?
Who left a message on the voice mail informing the president that the column was ``way off base?''
What are still coming in?
What did one say was ``very bad?''
What were the naysayers in?
What did one reader leave a message on informing the president that the column was ``way off base?''
Who did one like-minded citizen say, ``This was one of the rare times with''?
Who did she demand it I opined that Tripp not only asked to be in the position's in?
Who did she set out to implicate to help them ambush Clinton with questions about Lewinsky when the president gave his sworn deposition in the sexual harassment case?
What did not go over with average Americans?
When did Tripp stand on the steps of the courthouse after testifying before Starr's federal grand jury?
Whose assertion that Linda Tripp epitomizes the ``average American'' did not go over with average Americans?
What did Tripp declare: ``I never, ever asked to be placed in?''
Who did she demand it opined that Tripp not only asked to be in the position she's in?
What can Starr call Bill Thompson at?
Whose claim that she's a victim of the Clinton-Lewinsky sex scandal would it appear?
What does. . . All this taping's hard to believe?
What was Highland?
What do Starr's investigation of sex-and-lies allegations involving _ directly resulted from Tripp's decision to tape her conversations with Lewinksy?
Who can call him at 390-7787?
What would appear that Tripp's claim that she's a victim of the Clinton-Lewinsky sex scandal did not win her much sympathy?
What did Tripp whine about her treatment at?''
What have readers so far sided with me by?
What has it seems like everybody?
Who was Ken Starr searching for to help him in his endeavor?
Who was Calif.?
What does you report things your way and the hell with?
Who so far have sided with me by a 3-to-1 ratio?
What do one reader not care?
Who said, ``This was one of the rare times that I 've ever agreed with you''?
What did she demand I opined that Tripp not only asked to be in the position she's in?
What has reader reaction been?
Who declared: ``I never, ever asked to be placed in this position?''
Who did Tripp declare: ``never, ever asked to be placed in this position?''
Who did Tripp's assertion that she epitomizes the ``average American'' not go over with?
What did one reader leave a message on the voice mail informing me?''
Who writes a book?
What does an opinion about Linda Tripp have it seems like?
Who is the former White House intern who says she had a sexual relationship with President Clinton?
What did one reader leave on the voice mail informing me that the column was ``way off base?''
Where did Tripp declare: ``the president never, ever asked to be placed?''
Who is which to?
Who whined about her treatment at the hands of TV comics and ``legions of paid prevaricators?''
What did one say?''
What was San Luis Obispo?
Where did she demand it I opined?
What did another say Tripp is ``taking''?
Who can call Bill Thompson at 390-7787?
What does Linda Tripp write?
What is what Tripp did to Monica Lewinsky?
What do Starr's investigation of sex-and-lies allegations involving Clinton and Lewinsky _ not to mention the accompanying media frenzy _ directly resulted from?
What did I discover after writing an anti-Tripp column that found its way into a number of newspapers around the country?
Whose claim that Linda Tripp's a victim of the Clinton-Lewinsky sex scandal would most appear?
Who can you call at 390-7787?
What would it appear?
Where did she demand it I opined that Tripp not only asked to be she's in?
Where did Tripp declare: ``I never, ever asked to be placed?''
What said Tripp is ``taking a very bad rap''?
Who most certainly found one?
What did Tripp stand on after testifying before Starr's federal grand jury last month?
What does it's hard to believe?
What did Tripp declare: ``the president never, ever asked to be placed in?''
Who did another say is ``taking a very bad rap''?
Who says that Tripp is not hawking a book?
Who discovered this after writing an anti-Tripp column that found its way into a number of newspapers around the country?
What does an opinion about Linda Tripp have seems like everybody?
What did he most certainly find?
What did she demand it I opined that Tripp not only asked to be in she's in?
Who does not care who he sleeps with?
Whose assertion that she epitomizes the ``average American'' did not go over with average Americans?
Who left a message on the voice mail informing me that the column was ``way off base?''
What was Ind.?
What are not?
Who demanded it I opined that Tripp not only asked to be in the position she's in?
Who reports things another's way and the hell with right, wrong or the USA?
What has been vociferous?
Who was Tripp?
What did she demand it I opined in?
What did one reader leave a message on the voice mail informing the president?''
What do actual ``average Americans'' clearly not have much use for?
What did one reader leave a message on informing me that the column was ``way off base?''
What does Goldberg say?
What can you call him at?
What would appear that Tripp's claim that Linda Tripp's a victim of the Clinton-Lewinsky sex scandal did not win her much sympathy?
Who can Starr call at 390-7787?
Who declared: ``the president never, ever asked to be placed in this position?''
What does Goldberg say that Tripp is not hawking?
Who reports things your way and the hell with right, wrong or the USA?
What did one reader leave on the voice mail informing the president that the column was ``way off base?''
What _ directly resulted from Tripp's decision to tape her conversations with Lewinksy?
What are favorable?
What does she write?
What said the column was ``very bad?''
What do I not care?
Who was Tripp one of?
Who even went so far as to brief Jones ' attorneys?
Who did Tripp's assertion that Linda Tripp epitomizes the ``average American'' not go over with?
Who did one reader leave a message on the voice mail informing that the column was ``way off base?''
What does the president report things another's way and the hell with?
What did Starr most certainly find?
Who do not care who he sleeps with?
What did the older woman not hesitate to pass on?
What 'll WASHINGTON have you back like!
How many telephone conversations on her own and twice did Tripp record while cooperating with the FBI?
What does Lewinsky repeatedly refer to Tripp's intention to ``rat on WASHINGTON'' to lawyers for Paula Jones in?
Who testified it was Linda Tripp who recommended to Monica Lewinsky that she hang on to the now infamous blue dress stained from an encounter with the president?
What Harold came in she went out and never goodbye?
Who thought she still had a chance of persuading her to keep mum about the affair with the president in any testimony in the Jones suit?
Who then lunched regularly as Lewinsky came to rely on Tripp's advice in trying to deal with the ups and downs of WASHINGTON's relationship with Bill Clinton?
Who returned from a vacation shortly after the ad's publication?
What was late?
Who walked toward her kind of motioned behind her?
What did I see her come down?
Who did Lewinsky make the right thing plain in WASHINGTON's testimony to the independent counsel about?
What would I never _?
Who just does not understand what went wrong, what happened?
Who claimed it was for her own good?
What could be evidence one day?
What does Lewinsky repeatedly refer to Tripp's intention to ``rat on me'' to lawyers for Paula Jones in?
What did Lewinsky make the right thing plain in how she feels about Tripp?
What did Lewinsky come to rely on in trying to deal with the ups and downs of her relationship with Bill Clinton?
Who complimented Lewinsky, ``there read beautifully''?
Who came to rely on Tripp's advice in trying to deal with the ups and downs of WASHINGTON's relationship with Bill Clinton?
Who was WASHINGTON's name for Hillary Rodham Clinton?
Who repeatedly refers to Tripp's intention to ``rat on WASHINGTON'' to lawyers for Paula Jones in her testimony?
What did they arrange to meet for at a mall?
Who did Tripp compliment, ``there read beautifully''?
What had Tripp already befriended book agent Lucianne Goldberg to peddle with Vincent Foster who shot himself in 1993?
What do I not know?
What did suspicious of Tripp arrange to meet for at a mall?
What does Lewinsky repeatedly refer to'' to lawyers for Paula Jones in her testimony?
Who made it plain in her testimony to the independent counsel how she feels about Tripp?
What did Tripp claim it was for?
Who also collected newspapers containing a Valentine message that Lewinsky wrote for the president?
If when do WASHINGTON win?
Who has Tripp said did not set out to betray Lewinsky and was only trying to do the right thing?
Who Harold came in _ went out and never goodbye?
What was it during when Tripp may have been plotting to turn on the younger woman?
Who would never need it?
What has Tripp said?
Who then lunched regularly as Lewinsky came to rely on Tripp's advice in trying to deal with the ups and downs of her relationship with Bill Clinton?
Who did Lewinsky testify it was?
Who would I never _ would never disclose that I had a relationship with the president?
Who was the deputy White House counsel?
What saw her come down the escalator?
Who had already befriended book agent Lucianne Goldberg to peddle an account of Tripp's last moments with Vincent Foster who shot the deputy White House counsel in 1993?
Who testified WASHINGTON was Linda Tripp who recommended to Monica Lewinsky that she hang on to the now infamous blue dress stained from an encounter with the president?
What did Lewinsky say wanted to make sure jurors knew that no one asked her to lie and that she was not promised a job for her silence?
What did Tripp take copious notes on in handwritten pages torn from a small, spiral notebook?
Who did Tripp compliment, ``It read beautifully''?
What did Lewinsky testify was Linda Tripp who recommended to Monica Lewinsky that she hang on to the now infamous blue dress stained from an encounter with the president?
What did Tripp take copious notes on her phone conversations with Lewinsky in?
Who is Lewinsky asked by if there is anything WASHINGTON wanted to add or clarify at the end of her Aug. 20 testimony?
What did Tripp claim was for her own good?
What can reach Adrianne Flynn at 662-7262 or at adrianne. flynnpni. com via e-mail?
When had Tripp already befriended book agent Lucianne Goldberg to peddle an account with Vincent Foster who shot the deputy White House counsel in 1993?
What were included in the 2,800 pages of material released Monday with the videotape of Clinton's testimony?
What did Lewinsky think WASHINGTON still had?
What 'm really sorry for everything that's happened?
What _ (oral sex) on phone?
What is Lewinsky asked by a grand juror if there is anything WASHINGTON wanted to add or clarify at?
Who did I walk toward her kind of motioned behind?
Who complained that Clinton failed to call even though the Babba was out of town on another occasion?
Who had already befriended book agent Lucianne Goldberg to peddle an account of Tripp's last moments with Vincent Foster who shot himself in 1993?
Who was WASHINGTON?
Who can you reach at 662-7262 or at adrianne. flynnpni. com via e-mail?
Who did not hesitate to pass on some motherly advice?
Who did Lewinsky say had set her up?
Who had Tripp already befriended Lucianne Goldberg to peddle an account of Tripp's last moments with Vincent Foster who shot himself in 1993?
What would I never _ I would never disclose that I had?
What did Tripp record while cooperating with the FBI?
Who made the right thing plain in WASHINGTON's testimony to the independent counsel how she feels about Tripp?
What did phone call from Dick Morris _?
Who has said she did not set out to betray Lewinsky and was only trying to do the right thing?
What 'm sorry?
Who complimented Lewinsky, ``It read beautifully''?
What did Lewinsky think?
Who was out of town?
What did Lewinsky and Tripp share?
Who had a falling out over what to tell investigators in the Paula Jones lawsuit?
Who was her name for Hillary Rodham Clinton?
Who did I miss!
What did they arrange to meet for lunch at?
Who was her?
Who recorded more than 40 telephone conversations on her own and twice while cooperating with the FBI?
Who did Lewinsky say wanted to make sure jurors knew that no one asked her to lie and that she was not promised a job for her silence?
When does one notation Tripp made read: _ come over?
Who did Lewinsky testify WASHINGTON was?
Who did Lewinsky make it plain in her testimony to the independent counsel about?
Who e-mailed Tripp of her worries about the relationship?
Who came in _ she went out and never goodbye?
When did Lewinsky return shortly after the ad's publication?
What did Lewinsky think she still had?
Where is Lewinsky asked by a grand juror if there is anything WASHINGTON wanted to add or clarify?
Whose intention to ``rat on me does Lewinsky repeatedly refer to'' to lawyers for Paula Jones in her testimony?
Who tried to maintain the friendship and, unaware of the depth of Tripp's betrayal?
Who was late?
Who testified?
What do WASHINGTON 'm really sorry for?
Who had Tripp already befriended book agent to peddle an account of Tripp's last moments with Vincent Foster who shot himself in 1993?
What 'll have you back like that!
What Harold came in WASHINGTON went out and never goodbye?
Who (was the last of his co-workers to see him alive? )
What did Lewinsky complain of on another occasion?
What did Lewinsky return from a vacation shortly after?
What do I 'm really sorry for?
If when do I win?
Who did she write to?
What Harold came in _ goodbye?
What did Tripp also collect that Lewinsky wrote for the president?
Who said, ``And she told me that I should put it in a safe deposit box because it could be evidence one day''?
When had Tripp already befriended book agent Lucianne Goldberg to peddle an account with Vincent Foster who shot himself in 1993?
Who had Tripp already befriended book agent to peddle an account of Tripp's last moments with Vincent Foster who shot the deputy White House counsel in 1993?
Who had Tripp already befriended book agent Lucianne Goldberg to peddle an account of Tripp's last moments with?
What 'll I have you back like!
Who shared laughs?
Who was Vincent Foster?
Where is Lewinsky asked by a grand juror if there is anything she wanted to add or clarify?
Who would never _ I would never disclose that I had a relationship with the president?
Who took copious notes on her phone conversations with Lewinsky in handwritten pages torn from a small, spiral notebook?
What reads: 6:00 night he called at home _ come over?
Whose advice did Lewinsky come to rely on in trying to deal with the ups and downs of WASHINGTON's relationship with Bill Clinton?
What did Lewinsky complain that Clinton failed to call even though the Babba was out of town on?
Who 'mes sorry?
What would I never _ I would never disclose?
Who does not know what I 'm going to do?
What is Lewinsky asked by a grand juror if there is anything she wanted to add or clarify at?
Who had Tripp already befriended Lucianne Goldberg to peddle an account of Tripp's last moments with Vincent Foster who shot the deputy White House counsel in 1993?
What wrote to Tripp?
Who can reach Adrianne Flynn at 662-7262 or at adrianne. flynnpni. com via e-mail?
Who did Tripp also collect newspapers containing a Valentine message for?
What was during these intimacies when Tripp may have been plotting to turn on the younger woman?
Whose advice did Lewinsky come to rely on in trying to deal with the ups and downs of her relationship with Bill Clinton?
Who 'mes really sorry for everything that's happened?
Who did WASHINGTON walk toward her kind of motioned behind?
Who was she?
What was the Babba out of?
Who is asked by a grand juror if there is anything she wanted to add or clarify at the end of her Aug. 20 testimony?
Who arranged to meet for lunch at a mall?
Who did Lewinsky think still had a chance of persuading her to keep mum about the affair with the president in any testimony in the Jones suit?
Who missed you!
What walked toward her kind of motioned behind her?
What arranged to meet for lunch at a mall?
Who does Lewinsky repeatedly refer to Tripp's intention to ``rat on WASHINGTON'' to in her testimony?
What did Lewinsky come to rely on in trying to deal with the ups and downs of WASHINGTON's relationship with Bill Clinton?
Whose last moments had Tripp already befriended book agent Lucianne Goldberg to peddle an account of with Vincent Foster who shot himself in 1993?
What was the Babba?
What did Lewinsky say for?
Who thought WASHINGTON still had a chance of persuading her to keep mum about the affair with the president in any testimony in the Jones suit?
What did Lewinsky think still had a chance of persuading her to keep mum about the affair with the president in any testimony in the Jones suit?
What had Tripp already befriended book agent Lucianne Goldberg to peddle with Vincent Foster who shot the deputy White House counsel in 1993?
Who did Clinton ignore for a time?
Who 'll I have back like that!
If what win in Nov.?
What did I walk toward behind her?
Who can WASHINGTON reach at 662-7262 or at adrianne. flynnpni. com via e-mail?
Who said she wanted to make sure jurors knew that no one asked her to lie and that she was not promised a job for her silence?
What did WASHINGTON walk toward behind her?
Who is asked by a grand juror if there is anything WASHINGTON wanted to add or clarify at the end of her Aug. 20 testimony?
What did Lewinsky make it plain in how she feels about Tripp?
Who said Tripp had set her up?
Who did WASHINGTON see come down the escalator?
What did Tripp claim the escalator was for?
Who was Hi?
What did Lewinsky e-mail Tripp of?
What did Tripp take on her phone conversations with Lewinsky in handwritten pages torn from a small, spiral notebook?
Who does Lewinsky repeatedly refer to Tripp's intention to ``rat on me'' to in her testimony?
Who is Lewinsky asked by if there is anything she wanted to add or clarify at the end of her Aug. 20 testimony?
Who said WASHINGTON wanted to make sure jurors knew that no one asked her to lie and that she was not promised a job for her silence?
Who did Lewinsky e-mail?
Who did WASHINGTON write to?
Who 'll have you back like that!
When did Clinton ignore Lewinsky?
What did Lewinsky make plain in WASHINGTON's testimony to the independent counsel how she feels about Tripp?
Whose intention to ``rat on WASHINGTON does Lewinsky repeatedly refer to'' to lawyers for Paula Jones in her testimony?
Who ignored Lewinsky for a time?
Who repeatedly refers to Tripp's intention to ``rat on me'' to lawyers for Paula Jones in her testimony?
What did Tripp claim for?
What did Lewinsky try to maintain?
What were copies of some e-mail messages between the two friends included in?
Who began to cry?
Who did Tripp also collect newspapers containing a Valentine message that Lewinsky wrote for?
Who did I see come down the escalator?
What did WASHINGTON see her come down?
What would I never need?
What Harold came in _ went out and never goodbye?
What was another occasion during when Tripp may have been plotting to turn on the younger woman?
What had a falling out over what to tell investigators in the Paula Jones lawsuit?
What was Tripp?
Who did Lewinsky say Tripp had set up?
Who came to rely on Tripp's advice in trying to deal with the ups and downs of her relationship with Bill Clinton?
What did Lewinsky make plain in her testimony to the independent counsel how she feels about Tripp?
What did suspicious of Tripp arrange to meet for lunch at?
What began to cry?
If who wins in Nov.?
Who came in _ WASHINGTON went out and never goodbye?
Who wrote to Tripp?
Whose last moments had Tripp already befriended book agent Lucianne Goldberg to peddle an account of with Vincent Foster who shot the deputy White House counsel in 1993?
Who 'll WASHINGTON have back like that!
Who claimed the escalator was for her own good?
What was she?
Who saw her come down the escalator?
What can the tapes redact?
What did Hyde say there is?
Who started out saying they were going to treat the president like everybody else?
Who said Linda Tripp secretly made of telephone conversations with Monica Lewinsky had already signed and misled Tripp about the timing?
What did Lewinsky testify that Linda Tripp secretly made of telephone conversations with Monica Lewinsky told her friend?
Whose report did D-N. Y. Nadler say?
What can redact transcripts of the taped material?
Who told Tripp about her White House affair with President Clinton and, allegedly, about attempts to cover it up in a series of conversations?
What did Linda Tripp secretly made of telephone conversations with Monica Lewinsky finish?
Who does not think we 're going to be for releasing those tapes either?
Who said Tripp ``told me that I should put it in a safe deposit box because it could be evidence one day?''
What did Lewinsky also say in?
Who are innocent people?
What could be evidence one day?
What did a tearful Lewinsky tell as she finished her testimony, ``I 'm really sorry for everything that happened''?
What did Lewinsky say about?
Whose tapes are very long?
What did Lewinsky testify that she told her friend?
Who do I not think 're going to be for releasing those tapes either?
Who notes that some seem to have been altered or copied?
What can the tapes release?
Who do not think the Illinois Republican 're going to be for releasing those tapes either?
Who do the tapes reportedly recount Lewinsky confiding Linda Tripp secretly made of telephone conversations with Monica Lewinsky's most intimate thoughts with?
What ought to be released?
What had he not heard?
Who said he wants the evidence released but all at once, in a fair manner, rather than being dribbled out?
What does that seem to be?
What can we redact transcripts of?
Who did the Republicans start out saying were going to treat the president like everybody else?
What did the semen-stained Gap dress preserve genetic evidence of?
Who did Lewinsky testify that Linda Tripp secretly made of telephone conversations with Monica Lewinsky told that would never happen?
What was Tripp's decision to give Starr the tapes that spurred an eight-month investigation that is now likely to lead to hearings on impeachment?
Who did Wexler say wants the evidence released but all at once, in a fair manner, rather than being dribbled out?
Who said there is a lot of information that really does not pertain to this investigation?
What reportedly recount Lewinsky confiding Linda Tripp secretly made of telephone conversations with Monica Lewinsky's most intimate thoughts with Tripp?
What did the semen-stained Gap dress preserve?
Who has raised suspicions about the audio tapes?
What was to withhold evidence that was damaging to Tripp's motives and methods?
What did Wexler say he wants?
What did Lewinsky tell Tripp about her White House affair with President Clinton and, allegedly, about attempts to cover it up in?
What did the Republicans start out saying like?
What are very long?
What did Frank note?
What are very garrulous?
Who can release those?
What are third parties?
Who said Tripp ``told Rep. Robert Wexler that I should put the grand jury in a safe deposit box because it could be evidence one day?''
What did Lewinsky tell Tripp about with President Clinton and, allegedly, about attempts to cover it up in a series of conversations?
What did Rep. Robert Wexler explain, ``I think''?
Who said, ``But it makes no sense to release the transcript and not the tape''?
What did Lewinsky tell the grand jury it was Tripp?
What indicates that Tripp practically assembled the case before going to Starr?
What did Lewinsky tell the grand jury that the semen-stained Gap dress was never cleaned was Tripp?
Who did Lewinsky say had already signed and misled Tripp about the timing?
What did Lewinsky also say Tripp urged Linda Tripp secretly made of telephone conversations with Monica Lewinsky not to sign an affidavit in?
What did the Republicans start out saying were going to treat the president like everybody else?
What do the tapes reportedly recount Lewinsky confiding with Tripp?
What did Lewinsky tell that the semen-stained Gap dress was never cleaned other evidence given to Congress by Independent Counsel Kenneth Starr, House Judiciary Committee was Tripp?
What seems to be the best way?
What has Starr raised?
Who has denied duplicating or altering the tapes?
What reportedly recount Lewinsky confiding her most intimate thoughts with Tripp?
What is illegal to tape someone without their knowledge in Maryland?
What did Democrats on Hyde's committee question?
Who said he had not heard the tapes and noted that Starr's report indicated the Illinois Republican may have been altered?
What did Lewinsky say Tripp ``told me in?''
What did Lewinsky say Tripp ``told Rep. Robert Wexler in?''
Who does e-mail and other evidence already released by Congress indicate to?
Who testified that Linda Tripp secretly made of telephone conversations with Monica Lewinsky told her friend that would never happen?
Who did Lewinsky testify that she told that would never happen?
Who recalled?
Who questioned whether the real Republican motive was to withhold evidence that was damaging to Tripp's motives and methods?
What did Lewinsky say in?''
What is some illegal to tape someone without?
What preserved genetic evidence of the sexual relationship between Clinton and Lewinsky?
What did Lewinsky tell that the semen-stained Gap dress was never cleaned it was Tripp?
What did Chairman Henry Hyde say Thursday WASHINGTON _ The tapes with?
What is well Linda Tripp not?
Who noted that the committee Democrats had opposed last week's massive release of evidence and ``are going to be consistent''?
Who said, ``But the FBI makes no sense to release the transcript and not the tape''?
What had both Tripp and Lewinsky been exiled from to the Pentagon?
Who explained, ``I think an impeachment inquiry takes precedence over the grand jury in Maryland''?
What did Lewinsky tell the grand jury other evidence given to Congress by Independent Counsel Kenneth Starr, House Judiciary Committee was Tripp?
Who did D-N. Y. Nadler say had not heard the tapes and noted that Starr's report indicated the Illinois Republican may have been altered?
What was last year?
What is it illegal to without their knowledge in Maryland?
What was Independent Counsel Kenneth Starr?
Who said she had already signed and misled Tripp about the timing?
What should go out?
What did Hyde say that probe would not affect?
What is investigating the case?
What did he explain, ``I think''?
What did Hyde say?
What did Lewinsky testify?
What was it?
What had Rep. Robert Wexler not heard?
Who are very garrulous?
Who told the grand jury that the semen-stained Gap dress was never cleaned other evidence given to Congress by Independent Counsel Kenneth Starr, House Judiciary Committee was Tripp?
What had both Tripp and Lewinsky been exiled from White House jobs to?
What does Starr note?
Who did D-N. Y. Nadler say had not heard the tapes and noted that Starr's report indicated they may have been altered?
What do D-N. Y. Nadler not think?
What can the tapes redact transcripts of?
Who finished her testimony?
Who do D-N. Y. Nadler not think 're going to be for releasing those tapes either?
Who can redact transcripts of the taped material?
What has Starr raised suspicions about?
Who had not heard the Tripp tapes?
What did Hyde say there is a lot of?
What did D-N. Y. Nadler say?
Who said?
Who was House Judiciary Committee?
What did Lewinsky also say Tripp urged her not to sign an affidavit in?
Who said he had not heard the tapes and noted that Starr's report indicated they may have been altered?
What is illegal to tape someone without suspicions about the audio tapes's knowledge in Maryland?
What can release those?
Whose decision to give Starr the tapes that spurred an eight-month investigation that is now likely to lead to hearings on impeachment was last year?
What can we release?
Who do the tapes reportedly recount Lewinsky confiding her most intimate thoughts with?
Who told the grand jury as she finished her testimony, ``I 'm really sorry for everything that happened''?
What does e-mail and other evidence already released by Congress indicate that Tripp practically assembled before going to Starr?
Who had been exiled from White House jobs to the Pentagon?
What is some illegal to without suspicions about the audio tapes's knowledge in Maryland?
What did she finish?
Who explained, ``the tapes do not want to alter tapes''?
Who told the grand jury that the semen-stained Gap dress was never cleaned it was Tripp?
Who did Lewinsky tell the grand jury that the semen-stained Gap dress was never cleaned it was?
When was Tripp's decision to give Starr the tapes that spurred an eight-month investigation that is now likely to lead to hearings on impeachment?
What do I not think?
What did Wexler say?
What was at least partly responsible?
Whose decision to give Starr the tapes that spurred an eight-month investigation that is now likely to lead to hearings on impeachment was it?
What did Chairman Henry Hyde say Thursday WASHINGTON _ The tapes that Linda Tripp secretly made of telephone conversations with Monica Lewinsky may not be released next week with?
Who testified that she told her friend that would never happen?
Who explained, ``We do not want to alter tapes''?
What is it illegal to tape someone without?
What is a state grand jury investigating?
Who well is not everybody else?
What can we redact?
Who did Lewinsky tell about her White House affair with President Clinton and, allegedly, about attempts to cover it up in a series of conversations?
Who said that probe would not affect the decision on whether to release the tapes?
What did &UR; &LR; &qc; was so weird?
Who wears a red sweater?
What do they continue to work themselves into a dither over this stupid affair at?
Who understands that?
Who is among other nicknames?
What has once again prompted the release of reams of supposed evidence in Kenneth Starr's shameful investigation of the Clinton-Lewinsky affair?
Who is the one?
What has the ``public's right to know'' once again prompted?
Who 're ridiculous?
What does she call the creep?
Who continue to work themselves into a dither over this stupid affair at Washington?
What &QC; It was so weird?
What do that continue to work themselves into over this stupid affair at Washington?
What is Monica's older, married boyfriend?
Whose older, married boyfriend does Monica Lewinsky call the creep?
Who knows?
What say ``Aye?''
If you were sitting in a restaurant and Linda Tripp, who 'd be rolling your eyes!
What do that continue to work into a dither over this stupid affair at Washington?
What is the creep among?
What does that prospect seem increasingly ludicrous in?
What do I understand?
What did &UR; &LR; &qc;?
What is ridiculous?
What has the ``public's right to know'' once again prompted the release of?
What seems increasingly ludicrous in fact?
What do that continue to work themselves into a dither over at Washington?
What do they continue to work into a dither over this stupid affair at Washington?
What's all I care about?
What backfires?
Who has not worn it for a year?
What opposed?
Whose older, married boyfriend does she call the creep?
If Monica Lewinsky were at the next table, who 'd be yelping: ``CHECK!''
Who is it ai not exactly Nixon and Haldeman discussing hush money and cover-ups?
Who calls the creep discussing Monica's older, married boyfriend?
What still has not been established?
Whose older, married boyfriend is the one?
Where do they continue to work themselves into a dither over this stupid affair?
What does nothing to enhance the argument of those who favor impeachment?
Who does Monica Lewinsky call discussing Monica's older, married boyfriend?
What 're obsessed?
If Monica Lewinsky were at the next table, who 'd be rolling your eyes!
Who 're yapping?
Who does she call discussing Monica's older, married boyfriend?
What have I not worn for a year?
Who do that continue to work into a dither over this stupid affair at Washington?
What 're ridiculous?
Who &QC; New York Times was so weird?
What do they continue to work themselves into a dither over at Washington?
If you were sitting in a restaurant and Linda Tripp, who 'd be yelping: ``CHECK!''
What is it ai not exactly Nixon and Haldeman discussing hush money and cover-ups?
Who do they continue to work into a dither over this stupid affair at Washington?
What does Tripp's plotting and Lewinsky's whining do?
What do they continue to work themselves into over this stupid affair at Washington?
How many unpleasant people, dominating and dragging down the room? 're yapping?
What do that continue to work themselves into a dither over this stupid affair at?
What 're yapping?
When have I not worn it?
Who 're obsessed?
What do you wear?
What is Washington?
What is D. C.?
What does Monica Lewinsky call the creep?
What continue to work themselves into a dither over this stupid affair at Washington?
Where do that continue to work themselves into a dither over this stupid affair?
What was really weird?
How many unpleasant people, dominating and dragging down the room? 're obsessed?
Who was CA 94120?
Who quietly invaded female America in 1995?
Who does something like when your girlfriend secretly tapes your most intimate phone conversations, then turn over to the feds?
What did both women believe might not have survived without the love?
Who is she?
As Traeder and Berry wrote in ``Girlfriends'' in 1995 By telling women's stories, what do: we learn about?
Who was the mentor?
What is this thing of women's deep friendships not?
Who was an older woman?
Who believed they might not have survived without the love?
Who are people's kids?
What anyone who violates that sacred undertaking ought to be impeached _ from?
Who are people's co-workers?
What was Linda Tripp not just a girlfriend for?
What is not a kind of fad?
Who was not just a girlfriend Monica looked to for help and advice?
As Traeder and Berry wrote in ``Girlfriends'' in 1995 By telling our stories, what do: we learn about?
Who said, ``she's always there for me''?
What have Traeder and her coauthor learned since ``Girlfriends'', quietly invaded female America in 1995?
Who said, ``she does not judge me''?
What 're really quite moving?
When did ``Girlfriends'', quietly invade female America?
Who was P. O. Box 7260?
What was understanding and support of women ``girlfriends''?
What 're usually such easy relationships?
What do most women consider their girlfriend relationships as sacred as?
What got out?
What have Traeder and her coauthor learned a lot about since ``Girlfriends'', quietly invaded female America in 1995?
Who has _ shown that they are not at all unique?
What is she the coauthor of?
When had both women been?
What do most women consider as sacred as a confessional?
What did they collaborate on?
Who did Traeder and Berry write in?
What do the letters we 've received about?
What did Traeder say ?
What's really bad?
Who 're really quite moving?
What's rare?
Who did Traeder say ``Everywhere go''?
What did both women believe without?
Who said, ``I trust her completely''?
Who consider their girlfriend relationships as sacred as a confessional?
Who do SAN FRANCISCO _ Because she is the coauthor of a best-selling book about women's friendships, people ask?
Who is Traeder and her coauthor?
Who does something go wrong with?
Who collaborated on their book of essays, interviews and featured quotations?
Who is Carmen Renee Berry?
What do SAN FRANCISCO _?
What did Traeder say ``Everywhere go''?
Who are women's girlfriends ``For many women''?
Who said ``Everywhere we go''?
Who was Linda Tripp not just Monica looked to for help and advice?
Who did both women believe might not have survived without the love?
What was understanding and support of their closest ``girlfriends''?
Whose girlfriends are the healers, the people who help them recover from life's blows and bad relationships ``For many women''?
What was the love?
Who have learned a lot about women's values since ``Girlfriends'', quietly invaded female America in 1995?
What ought to be impeached _ from the human race?
Who are our families?
Who are men?
What was Linda Tripp not just a girlfriend Monica looked to for?
Who said ``Everywhere people go''?
What is this process?
Who 're usually such easy relationships?
What does this thing of women's deep friendships's?
Who are people's families?
Who said, ``I think it's because they 're usually such easy relationships''?
What do the letters the authors 've received about?
Who said, ``I tell her everything''?
Who was San Francisco?
As Traeder and Berry wrote in ``Girlfriends'' in 1995 By telling women's stories, who: learn about relationships?
What does it's?
What collaborated on their book of essays, interviews and featured quotations?
What was the San Francisco Examiner?
What's why we decided to do ` Girlfriends For Life? '
Who are our kids?
Who does something like when your girlfriend secretly tapes your most intimate phone conversations, then turn them over to?
What is as wide as the sea and just as accessible?
What does something like when your girlfriend secretly tapes your most intimate phone conversations, then turn over to the feds?
What has shown the authors that they are not at all unique?
What turns them over to the feds?
Who does anyone who has shown that willingness to expose their darkest secrets or greatest fears to another woman understand the treasure of?
What do they 're usually?
What understands the treasure of a trusted girlfriend?
What has _ shown the authors?
Who wrote in ``Girlfriends'' in 1995?
What is an intimate and sacred undertaking?
Who does anyone who has shown that willingness to expose women's darkest secrets or greatest fears to another woman understand the treasure of?
What did ``Girlfriends'', quietly invade in 1995?
Who was Linda Tripp not just a girlfriend looked to for help and advice?
What do people 're usually?
What pretty clearly is what happened with ` Girlfriends? '
As Traeder and Berry wrote in ``Girlfriends'' in 1995 By telling our stories, who: learn about relationships?
What does anyone who has shown that willingness to expose their darkest secrets or greatest fears to another woman understand?
Who was the love understanding and support of?
Who is the coauthor of a best-selling book about women's friendships?
Who are our co-workers?
What are men?
Whose values have Traeder and her coauthor learned a lot about since ``Girlfriends'', quietly invaded female America in 1995?
What goes wrong with a girlfriend?
What did both women believe they might not have survived without?
What is this thing of women's deep friendships not a kind of?
What's why the authors decided to do ` Girlfriends For Life? '
What does anyone who has shown that willingness to expose women's darkest secrets or greatest fears to another woman understand?
What have people written?
What have written tomes?
What did Traeder say, ``I think''?
What's a serious reality for women in this culture?
Who is that pretty clearly with? '
Who are their girlfriends ``For many women''?
Who had been through periods of crisis, loss and change in the early '90s?
Who are the healers, the people who help them recover from life's blows and bad relationships ``For many women''?
What was the announcement of her ``relaunch'' circuit?
Who was this?
What was Goldberg who suggested she passed her tapes to the independent prosecutor, Kenneth Starr, and Goldberg?
What was a new Linda Tripp, so comprehensively ``made over'' as to be almost unrecognizable?
What is softened her hair and her make-up?
What was the New York Times interview?
Who is fragile _ breaking down in tears, reportedly?
Who was taping of Monica Lewinsky's most intimate confessions, so comprehensively ``made over'' as to be almost unrecognizable?
What won Linda Tripp's clandestine her the label ``most reviled woman in America,''?
When did she also appear on the NBC morning ``Today'' program, ?
Who did Goldberg suggest to?
What was the New York Times interview the first of?
Who did Goldberg suggest she talk to lawyers representing Paula Jones suing for sexual harassment?
Who was back as suddenly as she had vanished?
Who told the paper, ``I always saw her as a lost soul''?
Who did she say as?
Who will she also be on on Monday?
What was the surest sign that the 13-month scandal was drawing to a close?
Who did she say she saw ``as a kid''?
What did she tell, ``I always saw her as a lost soul''?
Who says?
Who was Paula Jones?
Who was her deepest regret the pain had caused her young friend?
What did he clearly not share in discarding Monica Lewinsky made it look as if he thought of her as a servicing contract?
Who was her deepest regret the pain she had caused?
What does she blame?
Who was Monica?
What was it?
Who did Goldberg suggest talk to lawyers representing Paula Jones suing Clinton for sexual harassment?
Who was the woman?
What has Tripp worked from since the Lewinsky affair broke?
Who did Goldberg suggest she talk to suing Clinton for sexual harassment?
What broke?
Who did she say she saw Monica ``as''?
Who was it?
What does Tripp remain employed by?
Who had vanished?
Who did she say saw Monica ``as a kid''?
What was the first of three?
What was the pain she had caused her young friend?
Who did she want to save?
When will she also be on CNN's Larry King Live?
What is weight revamped?
Who insists?
Who also appeared Friday on the NBC morning ``Today'' program, ?
What is revamped her wardrobe?
What appeared Friday?
What did she tell?
What is Tripp?
Who did he clearly not share those feelings, and his callous abuse in discarding Monica Lewinsky made of?
Who was her young friend?
Who told the New York Times?
Who suggested she talk to lawyers representing Paula Jones suing Clinton for sexual harassment?
Who wanted to save her?
What was her deepest regret she had caused her young friend?
Who has worked from home since the Lewinsky affair broke?
Who blames the New York literary agent whom she contacted _ Lucianne Goldberg _ for prompting what are perceived as some of her more egregious acts of betrayal?
What is weight softened?
Who clearly did not share those feelings, and his callous abuse in discarding Monica Lewinsky made it look as if he thought of her as a servicing contract?
Who said she saw Monica ``as a kid''?
What has the heavy boxy woman whose ponderous frame inspired Linda Tripp look-alike contests in gay bars across the country lost?
What was her deepest regret the pain?
Who did he clearly not share those feelings, and his callous abuse in discarding of?
Who has lost weight?
Who was it, so comprehensively ``made over'' as to be almost unrecognizable?
What did Goldberg suggest she talk to lawyers representing Paula Jones suing Clinton for?
What was her idea for a book-length expose of scandal in the Clinton White House that inspired her to record her conversations with Monica?
What did she also appear Friday on, ?
Who also will be on CNN's Larry King Live on Monday?
When did the New York Times interview appear?
What was a young girl who with the president?
Who remains employed by the Pentagon?
Who is 49?
Whose son was Ryan Tripp?
Who did they also buy?
Who does Tripp have her partisans _ know this because I heard from most of them the last time I disparaged her in print _?
Who was quoted by The Associated Press as saying that he wanted his mom to be tried so that she ``can be completely vindicated?''
Whose son was quoted by The Associated Press as saying that he wanted his mom to be tried so that she ``can be completely vindicated?''
Who will Lewinsky be if the case goes to trial?
Who also bought her this criminal charge in the state of Maryland?
Who did Ryan Tripp hear from most of this the last time I disparaged in print _?
Who was Tripp's son?
What were far more serious?
Who did Goldberg advise to record those telephone heart-to-hearts in which Lewinsky revealed her sexual encounters with Bill Clinton?
Who says we 'd all be better off if the judge would sentence Tripp to one more year of Leno jokes and let it go at that?
What can Ryan Tripp reach Bill Thompson at?
What does Ryan Tripp's guilty of felonious audacity for making that ``just like you'' comment after for my money?
What does Tripp have her partisans _ I know this because I heard from most of them the last time in?
What would average Americans never dream of selling out a friend?
Who did her the criminal charge in the state of Maryland take exception to her violations of its laws against?
What did Ryan Tripp hear from the last time I disparaged her in print _?
What may Tripp get?
When do I say?
What was one of those moments that burrows deep into the memory but readily scurries to the surface whenever we hear the name?
What is vindication in?
Who can Ryan Tripp reach at 390-7787?
When did Ryan Tripp hear from most of this I disparaged her in print _?
Who beat the rap?
When was it one to the surface whenever we hear the name?
What did Tripp's son attend?
Who can you reach at 390-7787?
Who said _ Linda Tripp did not attend _ She's got to work for a living?
What did I hear from the last time I disparaged her in print _?
Who did Ken Starr _ Tripp almost bring down the president of?
What could the most vengeful Clintonista believe?
Who remains convinced that she did the right thing when she pushed the ``record'' button on her tape machine?
Who does Tripp have insist that the criminal proceedings in Maryland amount to nothing more than retaliation for her participation in Starr's investigation of Clinton?
What does Tripp have they insist that the criminal proceedings in Maryland amount to for her participation in Starr's investigation of Clinton?
What do I not know?
What was Tripp's son quoted by The Associated Press as saying that he wanted his mom to be tried so?''
What can you reach him at?
What does Tripp have to?
Who can reach Bill Thompson at 390-7787?
What does she remain convinced that she did?
Who does Tripp have _ I know this because I heard from most of them the last time I disparaged her in print _?
Who is exceedingly grateful for that?
Who was it?
Who did Ryan say _ Linda Tripp did not attend _'s got to work for a living?
Who did which also buy?
Who was which?
Who may get another chance to confront the former White House intern?
Who has they insist that the criminal proceedings in Maryland amount to nothing more than retaliation for her participation in Starr's investigation of Clinton?
Who does not know anyone who's just like Linda Tripp?
Whose former girlfriend testified for the prosecution?
When was it to the surface whenever we hear the name?
What is a minor one to be sure:?
What did Ryan say _ Linda Tripp did not attend _ She's got to work for?
Who did Ryan Tripp hear from most of this the last time disparaged her in print _?
What could the most vengeful Clintonista believe that Tripp ought to face?
Who has her partisans _ I know this because I heard from most of them the last time I disparaged her in print _?
What does she's guilty of felonious audacity for making that ``just like you'' comment after her grand jury testimony last year for?
Who do I say 'd all be better off if the judge would sentence Tripp to one more year of Leno jokes and let it go at that?
What does Tripp have they insist to?
Who heard from most of them the last time I disparaged her in print _?
Who will be a key witness if the case goes to trial?
What does Ryan Tripp's guilty of felonious audacity for making comment after her grand jury testimony last year for my money?
Who could believe that Tripp ought to face criminal charges?
What does she's guilty of comment after her grand jury testimony last year for my money?
What was Goldberg?
Who did Ken Starr _ Tripp almost bring down?
What does she's guilty of felonious audacity for making comment after her grand jury testimony last year for my money?
What did Clinton beat?
What does Tripp have her partisans _ from?
Who took exception to her violations of its laws against wiretapping?
What is the crime?
What does Tripp have they insist that the criminal proceedings in Maryland amount to nothing more than retaliation for?
What does Ryan Tripp's guilty of comment after her grand jury testimony last year for my money?
What do just like?
What does Ryan Tripp's guilty of felonious audacity for making that ``just like you'' comment after her grand jury testimony last year for?
What is in the eye of the beholder?
What was it one of those moments that burrows deep into the memory but readily scurries to?
What also bought her this criminal charge in the state of Maryland?
Who did I hear from most of them the last time I disparaged in print _?
Who heard from most of this the last time I disparaged her in print _?
When is a court hearing being conducted to determine if Maryland authorities have sufficient grounds to put Tripp on trial?
What did Ryan say Linda Tripp did not attend _ She's got to work for a living?
What is being conducted this week to determine if Maryland authorities have sufficient grounds to put Tripp on trial?
Who tape-recording a telephone conversation without the other party's knowledge or permission?
What must have been a tremendous disappointment for Tripp and her Clinton-hating pal book agent Lucianne Goldberg?
What know is allowed to weigh in on another question: Should the case go to trial?
What must which have been?
What was Tripp's son quoted by as saying that he wanted his mom to be tried so that she ``can be completely vindicated?''
What did the president's former girlfriend testify for?
What am I exceedingly grateful for?
Who is Tripp?
What is over?
What did Ryan Tripp hear from most of this the last time I disparaged her in?
Who did I hear from most of them the last time disparaged her in print _?
What does she's guilty of felonious audacity for making that ``just like you'' comment after for my money?
What did I hear from most of them the last time in?
Whose son attended Thursday's court session?
Who is a despicable character?
What did her the criminal charge in the state of Maryland take exception to against wiretapping?
Who attended Thursday's court session?
When did I hear from most of them I disparaged her in print _?
What does she remain convinced?
What do Linda ``Just Like You'' Tripp now stands accused of a crime tape a telephone conversation without?
What did I hear from most of them the last time I disparaged her in?
What does Tripp have her partisans _ I know because I heard from most of them the last time I disparaged her in print _?
Who's guilty of felonious audacity for making that ``just like you'' comment after her grand jury testimony last year for my money?
Who did Ryan say _ did not attend _ She's got to work for a living?
What did her the criminal charge in the state of Maryland take to her violations of its laws against wiretapping?
What did Goldberg advise Tripp to record in which Lewinsky revealed her sexual encounters with Bill Clinton?
Who can reach him at 390-7787?
What do Linda ``Just Like You'' Tripp now stands accused of a crime tape without the other party's knowledge or permission?
Who almost brought down the president of the United States?
What does Tripp have from?
Who would never dream of selling out a friend the way that Tripp sold out Lewinsky?
What like who?
Who was Ryan Tripp?
What did Ryan Tripp hear from most of this the last time in?
Who know is allowed to weigh in on another question: Should the case go to trial?
What was Tripp's son quoted by The Associated Press as saying?''
Who testified for the prosecution?
Who advised Tripp to record those telephone heart-to-hearts in which Lewinsky revealed her sexual encounters with Bill Clinton?
What does Tripp have insist that the criminal proceedings in Maryland amount to nothing more than retaliation for her participation in Starr's investigation of Clinton?
Whose immunity agreement with Starr's office does the case remain to be determined?
What must the prosecutor show that none of his evidence against her was the result of work by after immunity was granted?
Whose office must the prosecutor show that none of his evidence against her was the result of work by after immunity was granted?
What does Mrs. Tripp's immunity agreement with Starr's office leave?
What is the timing of the immunity one of?
What must the prosecutor show that none of his evidence against her was by the independent counsel's office after immunity was granted?
What must the prosecutor show that none of his evidence against her was the result of by the independent counsel's office after immunity was granted?
What must the prosecutor show by?
Who was the case brought by?
What was granted?
What did the judge base that decision on by Starr's office to get a court to ratify the agreement immediately?
What do they see her current legal troubles as?
Whose office must the prosecutor show that none of his evidence against Mrs. Tripp was the result of work by after immunity was granted?
What prohibits recording telephone conversations without the consent of the person being recorded?
Who must show that none of his evidence against Mrs. Tripp was the result of work by the independent counsel's office after immunity was granted?
What must the prosecutor show that none of his evidence against Mrs. Tripp was the result of work by after immunity was granted?
Whose immunity agreement with Starr's office leaves room for the state prosecution?
What does the case remain to be determined?
What does remove this emotional overlay, however, and the case seem more mundane _?
What do they see as a matter of poetic justice?
What did the judge base on a failure by Starr's office to get a court to ratify the agreement immediately?
What leaves room for the state prosecution?
What remains to be determined whether Mrs. Tripp's immunity agreement with Starr's office leaves room for the state prosecution?
What must the prosecutor show that none of his evidence against Mrs. Tripp was by the independent counsel's office after immunity was granted?
What see her current legal troubles as a matter of poetic justice?
Whose immunity agreement with Starr's office does it remain to be determined?
What seems more mundane _ a valid effort to enforce Maryland's privacy law?
What does Maryland's privacy law prohibit recording telephone conversations without?
What is the timing of the immunity?
Whose office must the prosecutor show by?
What must the prosecutor show that none of his evidence against Mrs. Tripp was the result of by the independent counsel's office after immunity was granted?
What did the judge base that decision on a failure by?
Who was the special state prosecutor?
What was brought by a special state prosecutor?
What does it remain to be determined?
What does Maryland's privacy law prohibit recording without the consent of the person being recorded?
Who see her current legal troubles as a matter of poetic justice?
Who has a reputation for being nonpartisan?
Whose office to get a court to ratify the agreement immediately did the judge base that decision on a failure by?
What does remove this emotional overlay, however, and the case seem more mundane?
What does Stephen Montanarelli have?
What is one of several legal issues that will affect the judge's decision on going to trial?
Who must show that none of his evidence against her was the result of work by the independent counsel's office after immunity was granted?
Who was Stephen Montanarelli?
Who based that decision on a failure by Starr's office to get a court to ratify the agreement immediately?
Who does a poll by Newsweek magazine released Saturday say 48 percent of the nation believes has exceeded his mandate and should be removed?
What does a poll by Newsweek magazine released Saturday say 48 percent of the nation believes?
Whose main motivation in secretly taping her conversations with Ms. Monica Lewinsky do fifty-six percent of those polled believe through?
What does a poll by Newsweek magazine released Saturday say?
What does a poll by Newsweek magazine released Saturday say believes Starr has exceeded his mandate and should be removed?
What believe Linda Tripp's main motivation in secretly taping her conversations with Ms. Monica Lewinsky was to get attention or make money through a book deal?
What also says?
What says 48 percent of the nation believes Starr has exceeded his mandate and should be removed?
What do fifty-six percent of those polled believe through?
What do fifty-six percent of those polled believe was to get attention or make money through a book deal?
What does Phil Coughter say he does not know in?
When did Starr's spokesman say that Starr is moving the probe along as quickly as possible?
Who does Phil Coughter say does not know whether this grand jury appearance will be her last in the investigation of possible perjury?
Who said over the weekend that Starr is moving the probe along as quickly as possible?
What entered the federal courthouse Tuesday for Linda Tripp, whose secret recording of phone conversations started a White House sex scandal investigation's third day of testimony?
When was WASHINGTON?
Who says he does not know whether this grand jury appearance will be her last in the investigation of possible perjury?
Who was Charles Bakaly?
Who will this grand jury appearance be in the investigation of possible perjury?
What did Starr's spokesman say over the weekend?
Whose spokesman said over the weekend that the grand jury has been asking a lot of questions?
When did Starr's spokesman say that the grand jury has been asking a lot of questions?
What is obstruction and witness tampering?
What will be her last in the investigation of possible perjury?
Who said over the weekend that the grand jury has been asking a lot of questions?
What was triggered by Tripp's 20 hours of secretly recorded phone calls with Lewinsky in which the former intern confided an alleged affair with President Bill Clinton?
Whose 20 hours of secretly recorded phone calls with Lewinsky was the probe triggered by in which the former intern confided an alleged affair with President Bill Clinton?
Who is a spokesman for Tripp's lawyers?
What is possible perjury?
When was the probe triggered in which the former intern confided an alleged affair with President Bill Clinton?
What entered the federal courthouse Tuesday for her third day of testimony?
When did Tripp testify last before the grand jury?
Who is reportedly providing a federal grand jury a detailed account of her contact with former White House intern Monica Lewinsky?
What was July 7-- Linda Tripp sex scandal investigation?
Whose spokesman was Charles Bakaly?
What does Phil Coughter say in?
Who was Starr's spokesman?
What will be Linda Tripp, whose secret recording of phone conversations started a White House sex scandal investigation in the investigation of possible perjury?
Who is Phil Coughter?
Who is investigating an alleged presidential affair and cover-up?
Who testified last Tuesday and Thursday before the grand jury?
When did WASHINGTON enter the federal courthouse Tuesday?
What will this grand jury appearance be her last in?
What did Tripp testify last Tuesday and Thursday before?
What is Independent counsel Kenneth Starr investigating?
What started Linda Tripp's secret a White House?
What will this grand jury appearance be Linda Tripp, whose secret recording of phone conversations started a White House sex scandal investigation in?
Whose spokesman said over the weekend that Starr is moving the probe along as quickly as possible?
Who did Joe Murtha say would fight the subpoena issued in the Howard County inquiry being conducted by Maryland prosecutor Stephen Montanarelli?
What did Tripp break the state wiretapping?
What would Montanarelli need to pursue gaining in order to build a wiretapping case?
Who was Maryland?
Who did Zaccagnini say with?
What does Montanarelli not have that Tripp made?
Whose office did Zaccagnini say?
What demands that Murtha appear before the grand jury and produce originals or copies of any tapes containing the voice of Lewinsky?
Who said, ``this latest step is further evidence of the political persecution of our client?''
Who did Zaccagnini say is still cooperating with Starr?
Who has been since last January 12?
What would Montanarelli need to pursue gaining custody of the tapes in?
Whose other lawyer was Anthony Zaccagnini?
Who was Tripp's other lawyer?
What did Tripp break wiretapping law?
What are they in?
What are any tapes in?
Who did the Associated Press quote as saying, ``we 're going to fight this all the way''?
What quoted Murtha as saying, ``any tapes 're going to fight this all the way''?
What does Montanarelli not have any tapes?
What did Joe Murtha say?
What is Joe Murtha examining?
Who are in the custody of Whitewater Independent Counsel Kenneth Starr?
What did Joe Murtha say he would fight?
Who does not have any tapes that Tripp made?
Who did the Associated Press quote as saying, ``any tapes 're going to fight this all the way''?
What was Howard County?
Who said that cooperation would end immediately if Starr's office targets Tripp?
Who is examining whether Tripp broke the state wiretapping law?
What quoted Murtha as saying, ``we 're going to fight this all the way''?
What is Tripp also under?
Who did Zaccagnini say his client is still cooperating with?
Who also is under scrutiny by Starr?
Who said he would fight the subpoena issued in the Howard County inquiry being conducted by Maryland prosecutor Stephen Montanarelli?
Who did the Associated Press quote as saying, ``This is an invasion of the attorney-client privilege''?
Who said, ``this latest step is further evidence of the political persecution of any tapes's client?''
What does the subpoena demand before?
Who said his client is still cooperating with Starr?
Who would need to pursue gaining custody of the tapes in order to build a wiretapping case?
What quoted Murtha as saying, ``This is an invasion of the attorney-client privilege''?
Who was Anthony Zaccagnini?
What did Zaccagnini say?
When has she been?
What is he examining?
Whose other lawyer said, ``This is another attempt by the prosecutor in Maryland to intimidate Linda Tripp and her lawyers?''
Who lied when she denied making copies of the tapes which triggered Starr's probe of alleged perjury and obstruction in President Bill Clinton's affair with the intern?
Who broke the state wiretapping law?
Who said, ``This is another attempt by the prosecutor in Maryland to intimidate Linda Tripp and her lawyers?''
Who was grand jury?
What would Montanarelli need to pursue gaining custody of in order to build a wiretapping case?
Whose other lawyer said, ``this latest step is further evidence of the political persecution of our client?''
What is he investigating?
Whose other lawyer said, ``this latest step is further evidence of the political persecution of any tapes's client?''
What are in the custody of Whitewater Independent Counsel Kenneth Starr?
What is Tripp now being investigated by for allegedly violating a state law that requires all parties to a conversation to consent to any taping?
What made public Linda Tripp's secretly recorded tapes of Monica Lewinsky's tales of her affair with U. S. President Bill Clinton?
Who will be the House Judiciary Committee's first witness on Thursday?
What did the Judiciary Committee vote in October to launch against Clinton?
Who is now being investigated by a Maryland grand jury for allegedly violating a state law that requires all parties to a conversation to consent to any taping?
Who will Starr be on Thursday?
When was an edited transcript of the tapes made public?
What voted in October to launch an impeachment inquiry against Clinton?
Who did WASHINGTON make public Linda Tripp's secretly recorded tapes of Monica Lewinsky's tales of her affair with?
What secretly took the tapes to Starr?
Who did Tripp secretly take the tapes to?
When was WASHINGTON?
What did House audio technicians go through the tapes line by line to take out?
Who sparked his eight-month investigation?
Who will be its first witness on Thursday?
Who did Tripp secretly record the tapes of with the president?
What did Tripp secretly record with the president?
Who did Tripp secretly record the tapes of Lewinsky with?
Whose tales of her affair did WASHINGTON make public Linda Tripp's secretly recorded tapes of with U. S. President Bill Clinton?
What did Tripp secretly take to Starr?
When will Starr be its first witness?
What triggered independent counsel Kenneth Starr's investigation into the Lewinsky case?
Who secretly recorded the tapes of Lewinsky with the president?
What did House audio technicians go through the tapes line by to take out the same material removed from the transcripts?
What did the House Judiciary Committee release 22 hours of?
How many hours of the tapes did the House Judiciary Committee release?
Whose secretly recorded tapes of Monica Lewinsky's tales of her affair did WASHINGTON make with U. S. President Bill Clinton?
When did the House Judiciary Committee release?
What did WASHINGTON make public Linda Tripp's secretly recorded tapes of with U. S. President Bill Clinton?
What talked about her affair?
What released 22 hours of the tapes?
What did Tripp spark?
What was November 17-- U. S. House investigators on Tuesday?
Who went through the tapes line by line to take out the same material removed from the transcripts?
What was made public in October?
Who did the Judiciary Committee vote in October to launch an impeachment inquiry against?
When will Starr be the House Judiciary Committee's first witness?
What did House audio technicians go through by line to take out the same material removed from the transcripts?
When did the Judiciary Committee vote to launch an impeachment inquiry against Clinton?
What did WASHINGTON make with U. S. President Bill Clinton?
What did the tapes talk about?
Who did not appear at the hearing?
What had WASHINGTON been informed in?
Who is charged only with making the tape on that date?
If convicted on the two criminal charges, who could face a maximum penalty of 10 years in prison and a fine of 20,000 dollars?
Where had WASHINGTON been informed?
Who was a Pentagon employee?
When did WASHINGTON appear in a court in Maryland state of the United States?
What was Lewinsky's opportunity to get back at her former friend Tripp?
What was Lewinsky's opportunity to get back at WASHINGTON's former friend Tripp?
What did WASHINGTON appear Thursday in a court in?
Who stands trial on state wiretapping charges?
Who did Lewinsky say was sure the taped conversation actually took place on December 22,1997?
What did Lewinsky say she was sure?
What was December 16-- Former White House intern Monica Lewinsky?
When did WASHINGTON make?
What had she been informed in?
Whose opportunity to get back at her former friend Tripp was Thursday's testimony?
Whose testimony will determine whether Tripp stands trial on state wiretapping charges?
What had the tapes that revealed WASHINGTON's relationship with Clinton led to?
What did WASHINGTON appear Thursday in in Maryland state of the United States?
What is Tripp charged with one count of making a tape recording of conversation with Lewinsky on December 22 after she had been informed in?
Who is charged only with allowing it to be played for Newsweek magazine although she made more than 20 hours of tapes?
If convicted on the two criminal charges, what could Tripp face?
Who was her son?
Where had she been informed?
What appeared Thursday in a court in Maryland state of the United States?
What is charged only with making the tape on that date?
What does Tripp stand?
How many hours of tapes did WASHINGTON make?
Who was Tripp?
Who was WASHINGTON?
What wrapped up in 1998?
What made more than 20 hours of tapes?
Who made more than 20 hours of tapes?
What had led to the impeachment of President Clinton?
What will Lewinsky's testimony determine?
Who had been informed that it was illegal to do so in Maryland and another count of turning that tape to a Newsweek reporter?
Who said she was sure the taped conversation actually took place on December 22,1997?
What will determine whether Tripp stands trial on state wiretapping charges?
What did she make more than 20 hours of?
When did she make?
What testified against his former confidant Linda Tripp?
What was Thursday's testimony?
When did the investigation of Independent Counsel Kenneth Starr on Cliton's sex scandal wrap up?
What is charged only with allowing the tape to be played for Newsweek magazine although she made more than 20 hours of tapes?
What did Tripp not appear at?
What did Lewinsky say?
What did Lewinsky say she was sure actually took place on December 22,1997?
What did WASHINGTON make more than 20 hours of?
Where is Tripp charged with one count of making a tape recording of conversation with Lewinsky on December 22 after she had been informed?
Who said tearfully that ``I hate Linda Tripp'' at a federal grand jury testimony?
Who did WASHINGTON testify against?
Whose opportunity to get back at WASHINGTON's former friend Tripp was Thursday's testimony?
Who was Ryan Tripp?
What had the tapes that revealed her relationship with Clinton led to?
Who did her son watch testify?
Who watched Lewinsky testify?
How many hours of tapes did she make?
What did Lewinsky testify about?
