What are candidates selected to join secondary schools expected to?
What will the other miss?
Who said out of the 401,649 candidates who sat the Primary Education Examination have been selected to join secondary schools?
Who said the intake number is an improvement of 0. 8 percent over the previous year?
Who are expected to report between January 23 and February 9?
What did the minister say the intake number is?
What did the minister make when he launched the national schools Form One selection exercise at Kenya Science Teachers College in Nairobi on Wednesday?
What has said?
What is the Education Minister, Joseph Kamotho?
What is January 4?
What did the minister say is an improvement of 0. 8 percent over the previous year?
What did he say is an improvement of 0. 8 percent over the previous year?
What was only 189,187?
Who is NAIROBI-- Only 47 percent of the students who passed last year's Kenya Certificate of Primary Education Examination will have the opportunity to enter secondary schools?
What did he say the intake number is an improvement of over the previous year?
Who made the remarks when he launched the national schools Form One selection exercise at Kenya Science Teachers College in Nairobi on Wednesday?
What was the Primary Education Examination?
What did he say the intake number is?
When is NAIROBI?
What did the minister say the intake number is an improvement of over the previous year?
What will miss the opportunity?
When was NAIROBI?
Who said this when he presented a total of 300,000 Kenya Shillings to schools in Mathioya Division of Muranga District?
Who did Kamotho appeal to to contribute to the development of schools in order to lay a firm foundation for hands's children?
What did Kamotho appeal to parents to join hands with?
Who is also the ruling KANU secretary general?
Who did the minister appeal to to bridge the gap?
What did Kamotho say when he presented a total of 300,000 Kenya Shillings to schools in Mathioya Division of Muranga District?
What did Kenyan Minister for Education Joseph Kamotho also announce?
Who appealed to parents to contribute to the development of schools in order to lay a firm foundation for hands's children?
Who appealed to parents to contribute to the development of schools in order to lay a firm foundation for their children?
What did the minister appeal to students to join state universities to bridge?
What did Kamotho appeal to parents to contribute to to lay a firm foundation for hands's children?
What did Kamotho appeal to parents to contribute to the development of schools in order to lay?
What did Kamotho appeal to parents to contribute to to lay a firm foundation for their children?
What was June 25-- Kenya?
Who appealed to parents to join hands with the government?
When did Kenyan Minister for Education Joseph Kamotho say NAIROBI has a shortage of over 200 science subjects teachers in secondary schools in the country?
What did Kamotho appeal to parents to join with the government?
Who did Kamotho appeal to to contribute to the development of schools in order to lay a firm foundation for their children?
Who did Kamotho appeal to to join hands with the government?
Who did Kenyan Minister for Education Joseph Kamotho say today NAIROBI has?
Who appealed to students to join state universities to bridge the gap?
What did the minister appeal to students to learn science subjects especially to bridge?
What did he also announce?
Who is Kamotho also?
Who appealed to students to learn science subjects especially to bridge the gap?
What did Kenyan Minister for Education Joseph Kamotho say today has a shortage of over 200 science subjects teachers in secondary schools in the country?
Who said today NAIROBI has a shortage of over 200 science subjects teachers in secondary schools in the country?
What did he say should emphasize that the survival of human, animal and plant life depends on the environment?
Who called on all communities in Kenya to embrace environmental conservation as part of their cultures?
What did today order schools from to furnish environmental conservation education among other subjects?
What did the Kenya News Agency report President Moi was speaking to Maseno University College students on from Vihiga, western Kenya?
What said this education should emphasize that the survival of human, animal and plant life depends on the environment?
What did he call on all communities in Kenya to embrace environmental conservation as?
What did Kenyan President Daniel arap Moi say because of?
What did he say it is alarming because of?
What did he say it is alarming that Lake Victoria and other water masses in the country are about to dry up because of?
What did NAIROBI say should emphasize that the survival of human, animal and plant life depends on the environment?
Who noted the situation?
What did Kenyan President Daniel arap Moi say the Kenya News Agency is alarming because of?
What did the president call on all communities in Kenya to embrace environmental conservation as?
What did he say on?
What did he say because of?
What did the president note?
What did the president call on all communities in Kenya to embrace as part of their cultures?
What did he say this education should emphasize that the survival of human, animal and plant life depends on?
When ordered schools from primary to university level to furnish environmental conservation education among other subjects?
Who said he will vigorously enforce conservation measures through the relevant agencies?
What did the president say he will vigorously enforce through the relevant agencies?
When was NAIROBI?
What did NAIROBI say this education should emphasize on?
Who said this education should emphasize that the survival of human, animal and plant life depends on the environment?
What was June 30-- Kenyan President Daniel arap Moi?
Who did the Kenya News Agency report President Moi was speaking to on his way to Kisumu from Vihiga, western Kenya?
What did he call on all communities in Kenya to embrace as part of their cultures?
What did the president say he will vigorously enforce conservation measures through?
Who did the Kenya News Agency report was speaking to Maseno University College students on his way to Kisumu from Vihiga, western Kenya?
Who did the president say will vigorously enforce conservation measures through the relevant agencies?
What did the Kenya News Agency report President Moi was speaking to Maseno University College students on his way to Kisumu from?
What did he say this education should emphasize on?
What did he call on to embrace environmental conservation as part of their cultures?
What did NAIROBI say on?
What did today order from primary to university level to furnish environmental conservation education among other subjects?
What did today order schools from primary to university level to furnish environmental conservation education among?
What did NAIROBI say this education should emphasize that the survival of human, animal and plant life depends on?
What did today order schools from primary to university level to furnish among other subjects?
What did the president say through?
What reported President Moi was speaking to Maseno University College students on his way to Kisumu from Vihiga, western Kenya?
What did the president call on to embrace environmental conservation as part of their cultures?
What are AEF's 43 members from 26 countries and African education ministers expected to attend the five-day meeting at?
What did the AEF organizer say in in a statement?
What will NAIROBI-- The General Assembly of African Women Educators Forum open in on Tuesday?
Where are AEF's 43 members from 26 countries and African education ministers expected to attend the five-day meeting?
How many AEF's members from 26 countries and African education ministers are expected to attend the five-day meeting at Kenya's equatorial town?
When will NAIROBI-- The General Assembly of African Women Educators Forum open in Nanyuki, 200 kilometers north of Nairobi?
What will the meeting be preceded by?
What are AEF's 43 members from 26 countries and African education ministers expected to attend at Kenya's equatorial town?
Who are expected to attend the five-day meeting at Kenya's equatorial town?
What will open in Nanyuki, 200 kilometers north of Nairobi on Tuesday?
What was community capacity building and mobilization?
What did he direct District Education officers to form District Early Childhood Development Implementation Committees by October 30 to coordinate the project at?
Who did he direct to form District Early Childhood Development Implementation Committees by October 30 to coordinate the project at the grassroots level?
When was NAIROBI?
How many parents are below the poverty line?
What did Education Permanent Secretary Simon Lesrima direct District Education officers to form District Early Childhood Development Implementation Committees by October 30 to coordinate at the grassroots level?
What did Education Permanent Secretary Simon Lesrima direct District Education officers to form to coordinate the project at the grassroots level?
When was Simon Lesrima addressing the launching of the Early Childhood Development Project at the kenya Institute of Education in Nairobi?
What did he direct District Education officers to form to coordinate the project at the grassroots level?
What was the project which will have five components including teaching training?
What was Simon Lesrima addressing on Tuesday?
Who said, ``The program targets about 1. 5 billion Kenyan pre-school children below the age of six and three million parents?''
Who did Education Permanent Secretary Simon Lesrima direct to form District Early Childhood Development Implementation Committees by October 30 to coordinate the project at the grassroots level?
What was Simon Lesrima addressing the launching of at the kenya Institute of Education in Nairobi on Tuesday?
What did Lesrima say is to improve the health of children in poor households and enhance their access to education?
Who are below the poverty line?
What did Education Permanent Secretary Simon Lesrima direct District Education officers to form District Early Childhood Development Implementation Committees by October 30 to coordinate the project at?
What did a Government official say NAIROBI has launched?
What was September 18-- The Kenyan Government?
Who was addressing the launching of the Early Childhood Development Project at the kenya Institute of Education in Nairobi on Tuesday?
What are six and three million parents below?
Who said NAIROBI has launched a project worth of 34 million U. S. Dollars for early childhood education program for over one million children, and their parents?
What did Lesrima say in?
What did he direct District Education officers to form District Early Childhood Development Implementation Committees by October 30 to coordinate at the grassroots level?
Who directed District Education officers to form District Early Childhood Development Implementation Committees by October 30 to coordinate the project at the grassroots level?
What has NAIROBI launched the phase two of in a bid to increase enrollment rate in primary schools?
What did the minister state the project is one of?
What did the minister state the project is?
What did the ODA provide to buy textbooks and science equipment for primary schools in arid and semi-arid areas during the phase one already completed?
Who attributed the decline to ineffective teaching methods, wide-spread poverty and poor management of schools?
When is aimed at improving the quality of primary education including the training of primary school head teachers throughout the east African country?
Who said that the enrollment rate in primary schools standing at 95 percent in 1989 declined to about 87 percent last year at the launching ceremony held on Friday?
Who are undergoing management training courses in various teacher-training colleges?
What did the ODA provide more than seven million Dollars to buy for primary schools in arid and semi-arid areas during the phase one already completed?
What has launched the phase two of the Strengthening Primary Education project in a bid to increase enrollment rate in primary schools?
What is scheduled to provide about 30 million U. S. Dollars to support the project?
What did the minister attribute to ineffective teaching methods, wide-spread poverty and poor management of schools?
What did the ODA provide more than seven million Dollars to buy textbooks and science equipment for during the phase one already completed?
How many head masters are undergoing management training courses in various teacher-training colleges?
What did Kenyan Education Minister Joseph Kamotho say that the enrollment rate in primary schools standing at 95 percent in 1989 declined to about 87 percent last year at?
What has already begun?
What did the minister state is one of the largest projects ever undertaken by the ODA in the primary education sub-sector throughout the world?
Who pointed out that ``this is a tragic waste of the tremendous potential which every girl and boy has within them?''
What are about 800 head masters undergoing?
Who did British Minister for Overseas Development Lynda Chalker note that the situation in Kenya's education sector is so critical on the same occasion?
What was the Project jointly developed by?
When has NAIROBI launched in a bid to increase enrollment rate in primary schools?
How many Dollars did the ODA provide to buy textbooks and science equipment for primary schools in arid and semi-arid areas during the phase one already completed?
What has NAIROBI launched the phase two of the Strengthening Primary Education project in?
What did Kenyan Education Minister Joseph Kamotho say to at the launching ceremony held on Friday?
What was jointly developed by the Kenyan and British governments?
Who did British Minister for Overseas Development Lynda Chalker note on the same occasion?
When did the ODA provide more than seven million Dollars to buy textbooks and science equipment for primary schools in arid and semi-arid areas?
What did the minister attribute the decline to?
What is February 8-- The Kenyan government?
What provided more than seven million Dollars to buy textbooks and science equipment for primary schools in arid and semi-arid areas during the phase one already completed?
Who stated the project is one of the largest projects ever undertaken by the ODA in the primary education sub-sector throughout the world?
When is NAIROBI?
What are identified as sexually transmitted diseases including HIV\/AIDS, teenage pregnancies, abortion and drug abuse?
What are problems facing kenyans under age 24 identified as?
What does the move aim to help Kenyans under age 24 to solve?
What will provide family life education to children and youth so as to make them ready for responsible parenthood?
Who will NAIROBI provide family life education to so as to make them ready for responsible parenthood?
Who is defined between age 15 and 24?
Who are under 18 years old and the Kenyan?
What would Kenya make?
What are problems facing them identified as?
What does youth account for?
What would make the population problem central to all national development agenda because its population is the greatest asset in the development of natural capital?
When is youth defined?
What will NAIROBI provide to children and youth so as to make them ready for responsible parenthood?
Who does the move aim to help to solve problems facing them?
What aims to help Kenyans under age 24 to solve problems facing them?
When are many as 55 percent of Kenyans?
Who accounts for one-fifth of the total population?
Who announced on Tuesday in a statement?
Who claimed, ``The intention is to inculcate a business and enterprising culture in the minds of learners at an early age''?
What did Kamotho say the move is one of in preparation for the country's industrialization?
What did Kamotho say the move is in preparation for the country's industrialization?
What was Entrepreneurship Education?
What is just an additional one to the 13 subjects taught in primary schools?
What is June 11?
What did Kamotho say is one of the eight strategies for training and human resource development in preparation for the country's industrialization?
What is it just to the 13 subjects taught in primary schools?
What did Education Minister Joseph Kamotho announce on Tuesday in?
Who stressed?
What was the new subject?
What is the intention just to the 13 subjects taught in primary schools?
What did Kamotho say the move is one of the eight strategies for training and human resource development in?
When did Education Minister Joseph Kamotho announce in a statement?
What is it just an additional one to?
What will be non-examinable?
What is the intention just an additional one to?
Who said the move is one of the eight strategies for training and human resource development in preparation for the country's industrialization?
When is NAIROBI?
What did the report say however, Kenya's adult illiteracy rate was sharply down to 21. 9 percent in 1995 from in previous years?
What did 23 percent of the pupils enrol in dropped out before reaching grade five between 1990 and 1995, according to a lastest Human Development Report?
What did Kenyan Education Director Sammy Kyungu say the government has drafted guidelines to liberalize in the next century?
Who has schools locked out from poor background?
What quoted the report as saying today the decline was also a result of lack of adequate teaching facilities?
What has schools locked out children from?
What did the local press quote the report as saying today the decline was also?
What said however, Kenya's adult illiteracy rate was sharply down to 21. 9 percent in 1995 from about 35 percent in previous years?
What did NAIROBI-- The annual gross enrollment in Kenya's primary schools fall by two percent to this year mainly due to the introduction of cost-sharing in schools?
What were textbooks?
Who said the government has drafted guidelines to liberalize the education sector in the next century?
What quoted the report as saying today the decline qualified teachers in many schools in the eastern African country?
What did Kenyan Education Director Sammy Kyungu say has drafted guidelines to liberalize the education sector in the next century?
What did the local press quote the report as saying today qualified teachers in many schools in the eastern African country?
When did NAIROBI-- The annual gross enrollment in Kenya's primary schools fall by two percent to 55 percent mainly due to the introduction of cost-sharing in schools?
What did the report say however, Kenya's adult illiteracy rate was sharply down to from about 35 percent in previous years?
What has locked out children from poor background?
When did Kenyan Education Director Sammy Kyungu say?
When did Kenyan Education Director Sammy Kyungu say the government has drafted guidelines to liberalize the education sector?
Who did the local press quote the report as saying today the decline qualified in many schools in the eastern African country?
When was NAIROBI?
What did the local press quote the report as saying today was also a result of lack of adequate teaching facilities?
Who enrolled in the country's 16,000 primary schools dropped out before reaching grade five between 1990 and 1995, according to a lastest Human Development Report?
What did the report say have also contributed to the drop in school enrollment?
What did the local press quote as saying today the decline was also a result of lack of adequate teaching facilities?
What fell by two percent to 55 percent this year mainly due to the introduction of cost-sharing in schools?
What did the report say however, was sharply down to 21. 9 percent in 1995 from about 35 percent in previous years?
What did Kenyan Education Director Sammy Kyungu say the government has drafted to liberalize the education sector in the next century?
What did NAIROBI-- The annual gross enrollment in Kenya's primary schools fall by to 55 percent this year mainly due to the introduction of cost-sharing in schools?
When did the report say however, Kenya's adult illiteracy rate was sharply down to 21. 9 percent in 1995 from about 35 percent?
What were supply and distribution?
What did the local press quote the report as saying today the decline was also a result of?
What did the local press quote the report as saying today the decline qualified teachers in?
What did the local press quote as saying today the decline qualified teachers in many schools in the eastern African country?
Who said on Thursday?
What did 23 percent of the pupils enrol in the country's 16,000 primary schools dropped out before reaching grade five between 1990 and 1995, according to?
When did he say?
What was June 13?
Whose announcement will the lowest paid teacher start at 2,405 Shillings a month in contrast under?
What reported today?
What did the Kenya National Union of Teachers send the strike threat to Minister for Labor and Manpower Development Philip Masinde Wednesday following a crisis meeting of?
When did local press report?
How many Shillings are 19,115 Shillings?
Whose package has the KNUT described as an insult to the teachers in charge of about seven million children in the country's primary and secondary schools?
Who will start at 2,405 Shillings a month in contrast under the Kamotho's announcement?
What are 19,115 Shillings?
What does the highest start at up from 19,115 Shillings?
What is the union demanding ranging between 150 and 200 percent as recommended by the remunerations committee of 10-to-28 percent announced by Education Minister Joseph Kamotho Monday?
What is demanding a salary increase ranging between 150 and 200 percent as recommended by the remunerations committee of 10-to-28 percent announced by Education Minister Joseph Kamotho Monday?
What will the lowest paid teacher start at 2,405 Shillings a month in contrast under?
What will the lowest paid teacher start at 2,405 Shillings a month in under the Kamotho's announcement?
What are others?
What did the Kenya National Union of Teachers send the strike threat to Minister for Wednesday following a crisis meeting of the KNUT national executive council?
Who argued that the government is unable to give the hefty pay rise and lucrative benefits the committee had recommended because of inadequate budgetary allocations?
What is transfer, hardship, commuter and accommodation allowances?
What starts at 21,000 up from 19,115 Shillings?
Who is to get a minimum of 42,240 Shillings?
What does the highest start at 21,000 up from?
What did Kamotho argue that the government is unable to give the hefty pay rise and lucrative benefits had recommended because of inadequate budgetary allocations?
When will the lowest paid teacher start at 2,405 Shillings in contrast under the Kamotho's announcement?
What has described Kamotho's package as an insult to the teachers in charge of about seven million children in the country's primary and secondary schools?
What also recommended automatic house allowance for all cadre of teachers?
What sent the strike threat to Minister for Labor and Manpower Development Philip Masinde Wednesday following a crisis meeting of the KNUT national executive council?
What is motor vehicle?
What has the KNUT described as an insult to the teachers in charge of about seven million children in the country's primary and secondary schools?
When was NAIROBI?
What will the lowest paid teacher start at a month in contrast under the Kamotho's announcement?
What did Kamotho argue that the government is unable to give the hefty pay rise and lucrative benefits because of?
How many Shillings are 25,840 Shillings?
What did the Kenya National Union of Teachers send the strike threat to Minister for Labor and Manpower Development Philip Masinde Wednesday following?
Who should get a minimum of 5,640 Shillings a month?
Who are motor vehicle?
What was September 4-- About 240,000 teachers around Kenya?
What do around 62 Shillings equal to?
What are 25,840 Shillings?
What equal to one U. S. Dollar?
How many Shillings equal to one U. S. Dollar?
What did Kamotho argue that the government is unable to give the hefty pay rise and lucrative benefits the committee had recommended because of?
What has the KNUT described Kamotho's package as?
What did the remunerations committee also recommend?
What is to get 35,200 Shillings a month?
What did Kamotho argue because of?
What are the striking teachers demanding ranging between 150 and 200 percent?
Who were all grounds acceptable to?
Who did the government advise?
What does the Kenyan government meet?
What reported today NAIROBI-- The talks on teachers ' pay dispute between the Kenyan government and the Kenya National Union of Teachers has reached a deadlock?
What did the paper say that the teachers ' union vowed to continue with until the Kenyan government meets its demands?
What has the government agreed to give?
What has agreed to give a 10 to 28 percent salary increment?
What did the Daily Nation report today NAIROBI-- The talks on teachers ' pay dispute between the Kenyan government and the Kenya National Union of Teachers has reached?
Who are demanding a salary increase ranging between 150 and 200 percent?
What did sources here say?''
Who was Chairman?
What meets its demands?
What were all grounds acceptable to?
What were acceptable to them?
What did the Daily Nation report today has reached a deadlock?
Who said that ``it is unfair, immoral and against all known labor laws to make prejudicial statements when the talks were going on?''
When was NAIROBI?
What advised all teachers who started a nationwide strike on October 1 to report to their duty stations by 8 a. m. tomorrow or face unspecified punishment?
What issued a statement last night?
Who noted that ``we went to the talks with an open mind'' and prepared a proposal of spreading the salary increase over a three-year period?
What did the paper say with?
What are the striking teachers demanding a salary increase?
What was issued when the talks aimed at ending the strike was going on under the chairmanship of Labour Minister Philip Masinde?
Whose union did the paper say with?
What were acceptable to the parties?
What said that the teachers ' union vowed to continue with the four-day-long strike until the Kenyan government meets its demands?
Who stressed?
Who was John Katumanga?
What was October 7?
What did Alot say at?
Who was a senior member of the East African Commission?
What did Alot say that the apex body will also address at all levels and access to social resources?
What cannot ignore the plight or contribution of half of its human resource?
When was this disclosed by Magaga Alot at a gender workshop in Arusha?
Who deserve?
Who need?
Who was this disclosed by at a gender workshop in Arusha on Tuesday?
Who said that the apex body will also address issues such as women's participation in decision-making at all levels and access to social resources?
Who stressed?
What was disclosed by Magaga Alot at a gender workshop in Arusha on Tuesday?
What did Alot say that the apex body will also address issues such as women's participation in decision-making at?
What was this disclosed by Magaga Alot at on Tuesday?
What did Alot note than?
What was Magaga Alot?
What can the EAC not ignore?
What is October 8?
When is DAR ES SALAAM?
What was Magaga Alot a senior member of?
What did Marito say World Bank's intervention has been necessitated by in this east African country?
What did the Daily Nation newspaper report Monday aims to enhance community capacity building and mobilization?
What has NAIROBI decided to issue a 1. 6-billion-Shilling grant to help develop early childhood education in the next three years?
What did the Daily Nation newspaper report Monday the program aims to enhance building and mobilization?
What did Garcia Marito say has also been necessitated by the need to harmonize pre-school education programs to accord near uniform pre-school to primary school transition?
What did he say this has also been necessitated by?
What reported Monday the program aims to enhance community capacity building and mobilization?
Who said this has also been necessitated by the need to harmonize pre-school education programs to accord near uniform pre-school to primary school transition?
When has NAIROBI decided to issue a 1. 6-billion-Shilling grant to help Kenya develop early childhood education?
What did Garcia Marito say that other targets include?
What has NAIROBI decided to issue a 1. 6-billion-Shilling grant to help Kenya develop in the next three years?
What did Marito say has been necessitated by a strong need for well-trained pre-school teachers in this east African country?
What has decided to issue a 1. 6-billion-Shilling grant to help Kenya develop early childhood education in the next three years?
What did Garcia Marito say?
What did he say has also been necessitated by the need to harmonize pre-school education programs to accord near uniform pre-school to primary school transition?
What did Garcia Marito say this has also been necessitated by?
Who said World Bank's intervention has been necessitated by a strong need for well-trained pre-school teachers in this east African country?
What does the sub-sector have?
When did the Daily Nation newspaper report the program aims to enhance community capacity building and mobilization?
What did Marito say World Bank's intervention has been necessitated by a strong need for well-trained pre-school teachers in?
What did the Daily Nation newspaper report Monday the program aims to improve?
What is October 19-- The World Bank?
What are fully trained?
What did the Daily Nation newspaper report Monday aims to improve pre-school teacher performance?
What does the sub-sector have a teaching force of?
Who was Garcia Marito?
Who said that other targets include health and nutrition, community support grant, pre-school to primary school transition, and sound early childhood education monitoring and evaluation?
What reported Monday the program aims to improve pre-school teacher performance?
What has NAIROBI decided to issue to help Kenya develop early childhood education in the next three years?
What did the enrollment rise to the current 1,064,053 pupils from in 1980?
When did the enrollment rise to the current 1,064,053 pupils from 844,796?
Where did Marito say World Bank's intervention has been necessitated by a strong need for well-trained pre-school teachers?
Who did the enrollment rise to from 844,796 in 1980?
When did the Daily Nation newspaper report the program aims to improve pre-school teacher performance?
Who was a World Bank official in charge of regional Early Childhood Development Project?
What rose to the current 1,064,053 pupils from 844,796 in 1980?
When is NAIROBI?
What has a teaching force of 36,129?
When was NAIROBI?
What is aimed at providing a showcase to players in the education sector for their products and services in order to promote the country's educational undertakings?
What is aimed at providing a showcase to players in the education sector for 99's products and services in order to promote the country's educational undertakings?
What is etc.?
When did NAIROBI open here at the Kenyatta International Conference Center?
What did NAIROBI open here Wednesday at?
What will the sponsor also hold a number of seminars on such topics as during the event?
Who do exhibitors across Kenya participating in the show include?
What do French Embassy to Kenyan and the Australian Educational Center also participate in?
Who include suppliers of educational equipment, publishers, printers and booksellers and others involved in the sector?
What will the sponsor also hold a number of as drug abuse in school, the youth and AIDS during the event?
What opened here Wednesday at the Kenyatta International Conference Center?
What was March 3?
What is school health care?
Who will also hold a number of seminars on such topics as drug abuse in school, the youth and AIDS during the event?
What also participate in the exhibition and present their products?
What will the sponsor also hold a number of seminars on such topics as drug abuse in school, the youth and AIDS during?
What is dubbed ``Education Expo ' 99''?
What will the sponsor also hold as drug abuse in school, the youth and AIDS during the event?
What did Ambuka admit that similar curricula and certification emphasized a wide range of at the expense of in-depth analysis on Kenya's 8-4-4 curricula?
What did the Daily Nation newspaper report Friday Permanent Secretary Samuel Ambuka said the move would help attain a state of singularity in?
What did Ambuka note Thursday?
What did the 7-4-2-3 structure in both Uganda and Tanzania make difficult?
Who admitted that it emphasized a wide range of subjects at the expense of in-depth analysis on Kenya's 8-4-4 curricula?
What did the Daily Nation newspaper report Friday Permanent Secretary Samuel Ambuka said would help attain a state of singularity in the region's economic management and social organization?
What did Ambuka admit that it emphasized a wide range of at the expense of in-depth analysis on Kenya's 8-4-4 curricula?
What made regional integration difficult?
When did Ambuka note Thursday that Kenya's 8-4-4 education system means?
What did a student note, ``university brings in the problems of differences in the basic skills and knowledge at''?
What did he suggest that the three east African nations set up joint teams to study curricula, examination and certification of primary, secondary and college education as?
What did he suggest as?
What did the Daily Nation newspaper report Friday Permanent Secretary Samuel Ambuka said the move would help attain in the region's economic management and social organization?
What was university different from?
What did Ambuka admit that it emphasized a wide range of subjects at on Kenya's 8-4-4 curricula?
Who did the Daily Nation newspaper report Friday said the move would help attain a state of singularity in the region's economic management and social organization?
What did Ambuka admit that it emphasized a wide range of subjects at the expense of in-depth analysis on?
What did Ambuka admit that similar curricula and certification emphasized at the expense of in-depth analysis on Kenya's 8-4-4 curricula?
What did Ambuka admit that similar curricula and certification emphasized a wide range of subjects at on Kenya's 8-4-4 curricula?
What is April 2-- Kenya's Ministry of East African and Regional Cooperation?
What did Ambuka admit at on Kenya's 8-4-4 curricula?
What did a student suggest as?
What has called for the harmonization of education in the east African region?
When did Ambuka note that Kenya's 8-4-4 education system means eight years of primary school, four years of high school and four years of?
What did he suggest that the three east African nations set up joint teams to study as a basis for harmonization of curricula and certification?
What did a student suggest that the three east African nations set up joint teams to study as a basis for harmonization of curricula and certification?
How many years of primary school, four years of high school and four years of did Ambuka note Thursday that Kenya's 8-4-4 education system means?
What did he note, ``It brings in the problems of differences in the basic skills and knowledge at''?
What reported Friday Permanent Secretary Samuel Ambuka said the move would help attain a state of singularity in the region's economic management and social organization?
What did the Daily Nation newspaper report Friday Permanent Secretary Samuel Ambuka said in?
What was different from the 7-4-2-3 structure in both Uganda and Tanzania?
What did Ambuka admit that it emphasized at the expense of in-depth analysis on Kenya's 8-4-4 curricula?
Who admitted that similar curricula and certification emphasized a wide range of subjects at the expense of in-depth analysis on Kenya's 8-4-4 curricula?
What has NAIROBI called for?
What did Ambuka admit that similar curricula and certification emphasized a wide range of subjects at the expense of in-depth analysis on?
When is NAIROBI?
Who noted Thursday that Kenya's 8-4-4 education system means eight years of primary school, four years of high school and four years of?
How many least developed countries in human development terms are?
What does Kenya lie at number 136 leading the African pack at?
When is Canada?
What is followed by Japan?
What does Canada rank the first among to live?
What does the 260-page report show?
What is Japan?
What is Sweden?
What shows that stark?
What is the United States in the third place in?
What is ranking the second?
What did a decade ago?
What is number 65?
What lies at number 136 leading the African pack at number 65?
Who does Norway treat better than any other country?
What does Canada rank among best places to live?
What is Belgium?
What is Iceland?
What is number 136 with?
What are?
What is the Netherlands?
What is South Africa 101, Tunisia 102 and Algeria 109?
What is Britain, France and Switzerland?
What ranks the first among best places to live?
What is arranged according to how people live the East African Standard newspaper reported Tuesday?
When is NAIROBI ranked according to the human development index contained in a report released by the U. N. Development Program Monday?
What does Kenya lie at leading the African pack at number 65?
What does the 260-page report show that ever widening having less revenue than they did a decade ago?
What is for the sixth consecutive year?
What is July 13-- Kenya?
What is with Libya?
What is the United States in in the overall index?
What is the third place followed by?
Who did a decade ago?
What is ranked the 136th in the 174 countries according to the human development index contained in a report released by the U. N. Development Program Monday?
What shows that ever widening gap between rich and poor with 80 countries having less revenue than they did a decade ago?
How many countries did a decade ago?
What is Australia?
What does the 260-page report show that ever widening gap between rich and poor with 80 countries having than they did a decade ago?
What treats women better than any other country?
When is Norway?
What does Norway treat women better than?
What does Kenya lie at number 136 leading at number 65?
What is in the third place in the overall index?
When is NAIROBI?
Where is the United States in the overall index?
Who did Wednesday quote as saying that more students have dropped out in the past decade despite a ``substantial increase'' in budgetary allocations?
What does public universities mean that only 1. 2 percent of those who begin the education cycle make to university?
What does public universities mean to?
What did a top education official say to?
When did Wednesday quote a top education official as saying?
What means that only 1. 2 percent of those who begin the education cycle make it to university?
What is NAIROBI worried that the high drop-out rates in schools may frustrate?
What is September 22-- The Kenya government?
When quoted a top education official as saying that more students have dropped out in the past decade despite a ``substantial increase'' in budgetary allocations?
Who said that only seven percent of high-school graduates are lucky enough to go to public universities?
What have more than tripled over the past eight years?
What does public universities mean that only 1. 2 percent of those who begin the education cycle make it to?
When have the education allocations more than tripled?
What is NAIROBI worried?
When is NAIROBI?
What is worried that the high drop-out rates in schools may frustrate its efforts to achieve education for all by 2050?
What did he say to?
Who said Monday that it was essential to provide information about HIV\/AIDS to the youth in order to curb the spread of the killer disease?
Who will Kenya have by the year 2000?
Who observed that girls aged between 15 and 19 were at a much higher risk of contracting the virus than boys?
What has the HIV infection rate reached 13 to at Kenya?
What has the HIV infection rate reached to 14 percent at Kenya?
What will have about 850,000 AIDS orphans by the year 2000?
What did the UNICEF country representative Chrispin Wilson observe that the age group most at was between 15 and 24?
What did the UNICEF country representative Chrispin Wilson say Monday to?
What did he observe that the age group most at was between 15 and 24?
What did the UNICEF country representative Chrispin Wilson observe that girls aged between 15 and 19 were at?
When will Kenya have about 850,000 AIDS orphans?
Where has the HIV infection rate reached 13 to 14 percent?
How many AIDS orphans will Kenya have by the year 2000?
When has reached 13 to 14 percent at Kenya?
What did Wilson say were young people in Kenya?
Who are strongly against adolescent sex education citing it would mislead young people?
What has the HIV infection rate reached 13 to 14 percent at?
Who said the newly infected were young people in Kenya?
What did the UNICEF country representative Chrispin Wilson observe that the age group most at risk was?
What does the mean to reach children aged between five and 14 to induce through HIV\/AIDS?
Who does the mean to reach to induce behavior change through HIV\/AIDS?
What did he observe that girls aged between 15 and 19 were at?
What are Kenya's Catholic church leaders and some politicians strongly against adolescent sex education citing?
What are Kenya's Catholic church leaders and some politicians strongly against adolescent sex education citing it would mislead?
What did he observe at?
What are Kenya's Catholic church leaders and some politicians strongly against adolescent sex education citing would mislead young people?
What are Kenya's Catholic church leaders and some politicians strongly against citing it would mislead young people?
What did Wilson say the newly infected were?
What did he observe that the age group most at risk was?
What did the UNICEF country representative Chrispin Wilson observe at?
What means to reach children aged between five and 14 to induce behavior change through HIV\/AIDS?
What does the mean to reach children aged between five and 14 to induce behavior change through?
Who observed that the age group most at risk was between 15 and 24?
What is October 5?
When is NAIROBI?
What did details about the report complain is too broad, too expensive and too troublesome?
What is introduced 14 years ago?
What is October 15?
How many years of primary school, four years of high school and four years of university does the 8-4-4 system mean?
What complained Kenya's controversial 8-4-4 education system is too broad, too expensive and too troublesome?
What complained it is too broad, too expensive and too troublesome?
What did the Daily Nation report Friday?
What means eight years of primary school, four years of high school and four years of university?
What did they complain is too broad, too expensive and too troublesome?
When does the 8-4-4 system mean?
What has the current system been widely criticized by parents and teachers for?
Who has the current system been widely criticized by for its heavy workload?
What is to be replaced with a new school program by January 2001?
What were not available?
What has been widely criticized by parents and teachers for its heavy workload?
Who complained it is too broad, too expensive and too troublesome?
What is believed to have called for changes to the 8-4-4 system?
When is NAIROBI?
What did the Daily Nation report Friday that Kenyan President Daniel arap Moi Thursday asked to appoint a task force to implement the proposals put forward by the commission?
Where did the president urge private university to take advantage of the quest for university education by expanding there's facilities in order to enroll more students?
What said Saturday NAIROBI has challenged investors to consider investing in higher education in Kenya?
What did the president urge to take advantage of the quest for university education in Kenya by expanding there's facilities in order to enroll more students?
What did the president also mention in?
What did Kenyan President Daniel arap Moi note that another five percent of those get admission in while the rest seek university education outside the country?
What did the president urge to take advantage of the quest for university education in Kenya by expanding their facilities in order to enroll more students?
What did Moi say should be market driven and called on private universities to diversify their programs to include basic and applied sciences?
Who did the state-run Kenya Times newspaper say Saturday NAIROBI has challenged to consider investing in higher education in Kenya?
Where did the president urge private university to take advantage of the quest for university education by expanding their facilities in order to enroll more students?
What did he also mention in?
What did he note in?
What did the president urge private university to take advantage of in Kenya by expanding there's facilities in order to enroll more students?
What did Moi say on?
Who urged private university to take advantage of the quest for university education in Kenya by expanding there's facilities in order to enroll more students?
What did he note that another five percent of those get admission in while the rest seek university education outside the country?
What did the president urge private university to take advantage of the quest for university education in by expanding there's facilities in order to enroll more students?
What did the president urge private university to take advantage of the quest for university education in by expanding their facilities in order to enroll more students?
Who noted that another five percent of those get admission in private universities while the rest seek university education outside the country?
What did the president urge private university to take in Kenya by expanding there's facilities in order to enroll more students?
What seek university education outside the country?
Who said out of some 30,000 students who qualify for university education in the country each year addressing the United Nations International University in Nairobi?
What do the rest seek?
What did Kenyan President Daniel arap Moi note that another five percent of those get in private universities while the rest seek university education outside the country?
When was NAIROBI?
When did the state-run Kenya Times newspaper say NAIROBI has challenged investors to consider investing in higher education in Kenya?
What did Moi say out of some 30,000 students who qualify for university education in the country each year?
What did the state-run Kenya Times newspaper say Saturday NAIROBI has challenged investors to consider investing in?
What did the president urge private university to take advantage of in Kenya by expanding their facilities in order to enroll more students?
What did he note that another five percent of those get in private universities while the rest seek university education outside the country?
What did the president urge private university to take in Kenya by expanding their facilities in order to enroll more students?
Who urged private university to take advantage of the quest for university education in Kenya by expanding their facilities in order to enroll more students?
What did the state-run Kenya Times newspaper say Saturday has challenged investors to consider investing in higher education in Kenya?
What was December 11-- Kenyan President Daniel arap Moi?
What did he also mention that his government is in?
What did Kenyan President Daniel arap Moi note in?
What did the president also mention that his government is in?
What were secondary schools and colleges?
Who said that the syllabus about AIDS courses has been sent to all primary schools?
What did Kenya launch starting from the year 2000 in early December 1999?
What has NAIROBI requested to assist it in raising 11 million shillings to implement the HIV\/AIDS awareness courses in schools in the east African country?
What did Musyoka say that the syllabus about AIDS courses has been sent to?
What are youngsters aged between 14 to 17- positive?
Who are HIV- positive?
When did Kenya launch a national anti-AIDS strategy which included compulsory education of AIDS risks in all Kenyan schools starting from the year 2000?
What has requested the international community to assist it in raising 11 million shillings to implement the HIV\/AIDS awareness courses in schools in the east African country?
What were the primary schools?
What launched a national anti-AIDS strategy which included compulsory education of AIDS risks in all Kenyan schools starting from the year 2000 in early December 1999?
What is January 22-- Top Kenyan education official?
What did Musyoka say to?
What did the Kenya Times newspaper Saturday quote the Education Minister Stephen Musyoka as saying?
What has NAIROBI requested the international community to assist in raising 11 million shillings to implement the HIV\/AIDS awareness courses in schools in the east African country?
When is NAIROBI?
What is January 26-- The United States?
What reported Wednesday the network was established last year by the Kenyan government and universities?
When did the East African Standard newspaper report the network was established last year by the Kenyan government and universities?
What did the East African Standard newspaper report Wednesday was established last year by the Kenyan government and universities?
What did the East African Standard newspaper report Wednesday the network was established last year by?
When is NAIROBI?
When did the East African Standard newspaper report Wednesday the network was established by the Kenyan government and universities?
Who has said?
What is Uganda relegated to 132nd place compared to Kenya's 112th and Tanzania's 123rd position of?
What did Kazibwe say the strategy of action for girls ' education compels the government to establish so as to provide life skills to the girl child?
What does it widen to?
What calls upon the government to scrutinize?
What did Vice-President Specioza Wandira Kazibwe address?
What did Vice-President Specioza Wandira Kazibwe say that one of the obstacles to girls ' education is?
Who addressed the launching ceremony at the International Conference Center in Kampala?
Who did she add this has hindered from excelling in science subjects?
What calls upon the government to harmonize its roles and activities in educating girl children?
What did Vice-President Specioza Wandira Kazibwe say?
What does KAMPALA call upon to scrutinize?
Who said that one of the obstacles to girls ' education is lack of physical facilities like laboratories especially in girls schools?
What put girls ' enrolment at 47 percent compared to 53 percent for boys?
Whose enrolment did it put at 47 percent compared to 53 percent for boys?
What is relegated to 132nd place compared to Kenya's 112th and Tanzania's 123rd position of the 146 developing countries rated on the Gender Human Development Index?
What is Uganda relegated to compared to Kenya's 112th and Tanzania's 123rd position of the 146 developing countries rated on the Gender Human Development Index?
What has launched on Thursday a national strategy for girls ' education?
What has KAMPALA launched on Thursday?
What did Vice-President Specioza Wandira Kazibwe say that one of the obstacles to girls ' education is lack of?
When has KAMPALA launched a national strategy for girls ' education?
What is June 1-- Uganda?
What did it put at 47 percent compared to 53 percent for boys?
Who did Kazibwe say to?
What did it put girls ' enrolment at?
Who added this has hindered girl students from excelling in science subjects?
What does KAMPALA call upon the government to harmonize in educating girl children?
What did the primary level put at 47 percent compared to 53 percent for boys?
Where is Uganda relegated compared to Kenya's 112th and Tanzania's 123rd position of the 146 developing countries rated on the Gender Human Development Index?
What widens to 32 percent for females and 68 percent for males at the secondary level?
What does the primary level widen to?
What did the primary level put girls ' enrolment at?
What does KAMPALA call upon to harmonize its roles and activities in educating girl children?
When is KAMPALA?
What did she add has hindered girl students from excelling in science subjects?
Whose enrolment did the primary level put at 47 percent compared to 53 percent for boys?
What did officials at the Ministry of Education say the program is through the National AIDS Control Council?
What claims 500 lives daily?
What did officials at the Ministry of Education say the program is a product of through the National AIDS Control Council?
Who said the program is a product of joint efforts by local and international donors, anti- HIV\/AIDS groups and the government through the National AIDS Control Council?
What is AIDS widespread in?
What will NAIROBI launch in primary and secondary schools and teacher training colleges when schools reopen next Monday, with an initial 400 teachers trained for the exercise?
What will NAIROBI launch sex education program in when schools reopen next Monday, with an initial 400 teachers trained for the exercise?
What did officials at the Ministry of Education say through?
What is widespread in the country?
How many lives does AIDS claim daily?
When does AIDS claim daily?
What did the Sunday Standard newspaper report NAIROBI has published the University Bill 2000 to allow foreign universities to establish constituent campuses in?
When was NAIROBI?
What did Musyoka say complement the government's efforts to provide higher education?
Who was quoted as saying here on Saturday that the bill will be submitted to the parliament for debate when it resumes next month?
What will save Kenyans much in school fees and foreign exchange?
What did Musyoka also praise in Kenya?
Who said foreign universities complement the government's efforts to provide higher education?
Who also praised private universities in Kenya?
What did the Sunday Standard newspaper report NAIROBI has published to allow foreign universities to establish constituent campuses in the east African country?
What will foreign constituent colleges save Kenyans much in?
What did Musyoka also praise private universities in?
What was September 24-- The Kenyan government?
What did Musyoka say they complement?
Who will foreign constituent colleges save much in school fees and foreign exchange?
What did the Sunday Standard newspaper report NAIROBI has published the University Bill 2000 to allow foreign universities to establish in the east African country?
Where did Musyoka also praise private universities?
Who said they complement the government's efforts to provide higher education?
When was Kenyan Education Minister Kalonzo Musyoka quoted as saying here on Saturday that the bill will be submitted to the parliament for debate when it resumes?
Who said, ``Kenya has the capacity for more universities''?
What did Kenyan President Daniel arap Moi say on?
What did the Sunday Standard newspaper report NAIROBI has published the University Bill 2000 to allow to establish constituent campuses in the east African country?
What did the Sunday Standard newspaper report has published the University Bill 2000 to allow foreign universities to establish constituent campuses in the east African country?
Who did Kenyan President Daniel arap Moi say is spent each year on education abroad?
What was Kenyan Education Minister Kalonzo Musyoka quoted as saying here on Saturday to next month?
What did Musyoka say foreign universities complement?
What reported NAIROBI has published the University Bill 2000 to allow foreign universities to establish constituent campuses in the east African country?
Who said?
Who did Musyoka say complement the government's efforts to provide higher education?
Where did the Sunday Standard newspaper report NAIROBI has published the University Bill 2000 to allow foreign universities to establish constituent campuses?
