Who was he reappointed to a third year Monday by?
What does Robert Pinsky teach at Boston University?
Who was William S. Cohen?
What have?
What is Pinsky?
Who said he did not know if the defense secretary had written any poetry?
When was Robert Pinsky reappointed to a third year by Librarian of Congress James H. Billington?
Who was Robert Pinsky reappointed to a third year Monday by?
Who will be deposited in the Library of Congress as a record of how Americans felt about poetry at the turn of the millennium?
What does the British poet laureate serve for?
What is the assistant?
What will they be deposited in as a record of how Americans felt about poetry at the turn of the millennium?
What did Pinsky say?
What is WASHINGTON-- The nation's ninth poet laureate getting a third, unprecedented year on?
When will he preside at two readings at the library?
Whose allowance comes from privately collected money?
Who is Pinsky since Congress created the title in 1985?
Who was the district's representative in Congress and William S. Cohen?
Who teaches creative writing at Boston University?
Who does not have the official wine allowance that Britain's poet laureate has been entitled to ever since Shakespeare's drinking friend took the job in 1616?
What did Pinsky say Monday about the British poet laureate, ``I 've heard on''?
Who died last year?
Who was the defense secretary?
Who said, ``We 're hoping to have Eleanor Holmes Norton to read their favorites''?
Who is 58?
When did Ted Hughes die?
Who has been pushing a project in which President Clinton, other prominent people and ordinary Americans are asked to read their favorite poems aloud?
What will Robert Pinsky preside Wednesday at?
Who is a novelist?
When did Congress create the title?
Who serves for life?
Who did Pinsky say did not know if the defense secretary had written any poetry?
Who was Ted Hughes?
Whose drinking friend is Ben Jonson?
What will they be deposited in the Library of Congress as?
What does an assistant's allowance come from?
What does Robert Pinsky not have that Britain's poet laureate has been entitled to ever since Shakespeare's drinking friend took the job in 1616?
Who will take a major part in a conference on ``Poetry and the American People,'' celebrating the library's 200th anniversary?
What does his allowance come from?
Who was Britain's last poet laureate?
What created the title in 1985?
Who have?
Who is the ninth American laureate since Congress created the title in 1985?
Who is Cohen?
What will about 1,000 audio and 200 video recordings be deposited in the Library of Congress as?
Who is an office at the library and $35,000 a year?
When does Robert Pinsky not have the official wine allowance?
What will be made?
When was Robert Pinsky reappointed Monday by Librarian of Congress James H. Billington?
Whose drinking friend took the job in 1616?
What will he preside Wednesday at?
When will Robert Pinsky preside at two readings at the library?
What will Pinsky take?
When was he reappointed Monday by Librarian of Congress James H. Billington?
What will be deposited in the Library of Congress as a record of how Americans felt about poetry at the turn of the millennium?
Who is Ben Jonson?
Who said, ``the nation 're hoping to have Eleanor Holmes Norton to read Congress's favorites''?
What did Shakespeare's drinking friend take in 1616?
How many audio video recordings will be deposited in the Library of Congress as a record of how Americans felt about poetry at the turn of the millennium?
Who was Eleanor Holmes Norton?
What comes from privately collected money?
What did Congress create in 1985?
What does Robert Pinsky teach creative writing at?
Who will be Rita Dove, a former poet laureate, and Louise Gluck and W. S. Merwin?
Who was reappointed to a third year Monday by Librarian of Congress James H. Billington?
How many audio video recordings will be made?
Who took the job in 1616?
Who will the consultants be?
When did Shakespeare's drinking friend take the job?
Who is Shakespeare's drinking friend?
What will about 1,000 audio and 200 video recordings be deposited in as a record of how Americans felt about poetry at the turn of the millennium?
When is WASHINGTON-- The nation's ninth poet laureate getting on the job?
Who will preside Wednesday at two readings at the library?
What is getting a third, unprecedented year on the job?
When was he reappointed to a third year by Librarian of Congress James H. Billington?
What will it also preserve footage taken in the field by anthropologist Margaret Mead in?
What will do the seven-film Capra series?
When did Duke Ellington's baritone saxophonist for 35 years take pictures of the orchestra?
Who was the millennium program called?
Who announced the millennium program?
What did Duke Ellington's baritone saxophonist for 35 years take pictures of between 1938 and 1941?
What will Workers preserve?
What did Duke Ellington's baritone saxophonist for 35 years take between 1938 and 1941?
What will the Library of Congress also preserve footage taken in the field by anthropologist Margaret Mead in?
What was set up by Congress?
Who will the Library of Congress work on from the laboratories of inventor Thomas A. Edison?
What is the Pew Charitable Trusts in Philadelphia making a $200,000 contribution on?
What will take part?
What will 17 separate archives take?
What will be in charge of those, and of shorts on communications technology that Western Union started more than 70 years ago?
What is the Pew Charitable Trusts in Philadelphia making on the heels of a $500,000 NEA grant in February?
Who say movies made before the 1950s were on highly flammable nitrate film?
Where will the Library of Congress also preserve footage taken in the field by anthropologist Margaret Mead?
Who took pictures of the orchestra between 1938 and 1941?
What will the Library of Congress also preserve in Samoa?
What will work on ``The Emperor Jones'' and a collection from the laboratories of inventor Thomas A. Edison?
What did officials on Tuesday announce?
What will hundreds of movies be copied onto?
What do library officials say movies made before the 1950s were on?
What will the National Archives do?
What will also preserve footage taken in the field by anthropologist Margaret Mead in Samoa?
What will the National Museum of American History be in charge of those, and of shorts on communications technology?
What are the coordinators?
Who was Duke Ellington's baritone saxophonist for 35 years?
What will it also preserve in Samoa?
How many separate archives will take part?
Whose baritone saxophonist for 35 years took pictures of the orchestra between 1938 and 1941?
What do library officials say were on highly flammable nitrate film?
What was called Treasures of American Film Archives?
What will be copied onto modern film stocks?
Whose baritone saxophonist for 35 years was Harry Carney?
Who was Harry Carney?
What was the National Film Preservation Foundation set up by?
What will the National Museum of American History be in that Western Union started more than 70 years ago?
What has been used?
What was the millennium program called Treasures of?
Where will it also preserve footage taken in the field by anthropologist Margaret Mead?
Who are the National Film Preservation Foundation, and the National Endowment for the Arts?
What is making a $200,000 contribution on the heels of a $500,000 NEA grant in February?
What will the Library of Congress work on ``The Emperor Jones'' and a collection from?
What have also contributed?
Who will preserve a master copy?
What do not Oscar Wilde and American writer Gertrude Stein see as important to their literature?
What is shaped?
What does another point out at which Paul Bunyan's ox Babe dug the Mammoth Cave?
What are most literary maps not drawn to contain?
What are not drawn to scale?
What gives a large space to Oscar Wilde and American writer Gertrude Stein?
What did he get at the Mississippi?
What do maps from days when Latin and Greek got more intensive study show?
What did he go piloting on?
Who is Mo.?
Who does even one for Paris give a large space to?
What tries to catch a field mouse?
Who explains they ``present a world in which authors and books are the dominant features''?
What show the voyages of Odysseus and Aeneas?
What do the French not Oscar Wilde and American writer Gertrude Stein see as important to?
What's where the young Sam Clemens lived before he went piloting on the Mississippi?
Who do the French not see as important to their literature?
What is charted?
Who do maps from days when Latin and Greek got more intensive study show the voyages of?
What is 030-001-00178-4?
Where do Illustrator Dick Martin located the Shifting Sands and Deadly Desert smack?
What are Credit card sales available from by calling 202-707-0204?
What points out the spot at which Paul Bunyan's ox Babe dug the Mammoth Cave?
What is Hannibal?
What gets touched on-- unintentionally?
Who explains maps of imaginary places ``present a world in which authors and books are the dominant features''?
Whose imagination did ``Agent 007'' himself and his exploits spring from?
What do Illustrator Dick Martin located the Shifting Sands and Deadly Desert smack in?
What did the young Sam Clemens get at the Mississippi?
What the bright map is colored like devoted to Latin American writers?
What does a map on places in Hungarian literature include?
What does a map on places in Hungarian literature include portions of which once belonged to Hungary, and which many Hungarians would dearly like to get back?
Who smack in the middle?
What includes portions of Romania which once belonged to Hungary, and which many Hungarians would dearly like to get back?
Who made his James Bond stories credible by searching out authentic settings for what the library calls his ``assignments and assignations?''
What are topography towns?
What are Hopkins notes?
What is the Shifting Sands and Deadly Desert with?
Who went piloting on the Mississippi?
Who was Language of the Land compiled by?
Whose St. Petersburg is the home of Tom Sawyer?
Who the bright map is colored like a parrot devoted to?
What is the home of Tom Sawyer?
What are not drawn to contain little detailed information on topography towns?
Who is Mark Twain's St. Petersburg the home of?
What did author Ian Fleming make?''
What does Paul Bunyan's ox Babe try to catch?
What is there too?
What did co-author Martha Hopkins write in, ``Literary maps depict ideas as much as places''?
What was compiled by Hopkins of the library's Interpretive Programs Office and Michael Buscher of the Geography and Map Division?
What are real enough?
What does J. R. R. Tolkien's completely imaginary?
What did the young Sam Clemens get his pen-name at?
What's not clearly labeled?
Who was it compiled by?
What did the young Sam Clemens go piloting on?
What are available from the library sales shop by calling 202-707-0204?
What are rivers or roads?
What sprang from Fleming's imagination?
Who wrote in the book's introduction, ``Literary maps depict ideas as much as places''?
What is Mark Twain's St. Petersburg?
What did ``Agent 007'' himself and his exploits spring from?
What are most literary maps?
Who is with Emerald City and Gunda's Palace?
What is on St. Petersburg's Hill Street, just across from Becky Thatcher's house?
What is colored like a parrot devoted to Latin American writers?
What does even one for Paris give to Oscar Wilde and American writer Gertrude Stein?
What shows just where Tom Sawyer whitewashed his famous fence?
Who's completely imaginary ``Middle Earth'' rates three highly detailed maps?
What did he get his pen-name at?
Who got his pen-name at the Mississippi?
What do we collect?
What did library historian John Y. Cole in'' Jefferson's Legacy say today the library is?
What did a new Web site for families,'' America's Library still amount to on a few shelves?
When were books?
What intervened in August 1814?
What were mostly on history, economics and law?
Who offered Congress the opportunity to buy his private library which then totaled nearly 6,500 volumes by then retired to his home at Monticello?
What was the price?
Who approved the first law setting out the role and functions of the new library as president in 1802?
What offered the Library of Congress the chance of establishing a comprehensive, universal collection?
What did law award to the president?
Who wrote in a letter that September I learn from the newspapers that the vandalism of our enemy has triumphed at Washington over science as well as the arts?
What did Jefferson write in a letter that September I learn from the newspapers that the vandalism of our enemy has triumphed at Washington over?
What seized Washington?
What did this one prepare to move to?
What did Jefferson argue no subject to which a member of Congress may not have occasion to refer?
What had the U. S. government resided for a decade at?
What was almost $24,000?
What was one place arranged by?
What did it still amount to on a few shelves?
Who. . . wrote in 1815?
What was Jefferson's library delivered in?
Where had the U. S. government resided for a decade?
What were shelved in the new U. S. Capitol?
What did Jefferson write in that September I learn from the newspapers that the vandalism of our enemy has triumphed at Washington over science as well as the arts?
What did Jefferson call choicest collection of books in the U. S. He voiced hope it would have a permanent influence on the literature of our country?
What do such books serve?
What had the good fortune to capture the interest of the one American with perhaps more interest in books than any other?
Who did it award the appointment of the Librarian of Congress to?
Whose hilltop home in Virginia was Monticello?
What did the Library of Congress add?
How many volumes did Thomas Jefferson have by the time he died in 1826?
When did such books arrive?
What did Jefferson call it the choicest collection of books in the U. S. He voiced hope would have a permanent influence on the literature of our country?
What did the library have the good fortune to capture the interest of the one American with perhaps more interest in books than?
What was Thomas Jefferson, featuring the first-ever reassembly of Jefferson's 1815 library in one place?
What did President John Adams approve as may be necessary for the use of Congress on April 24,1800?
What consisted of just 740 volumes and three maps?
What did Jefferson become as it now exists with one act?
What would soon be at Washington?
What did Jefferson tell John Adams that now he was retired from public life he was reading for amusement and pleasure than for practical use?
What did it still amount to little more than a few books on?
Who rescued also never stopped collecting?
Who does Cole who is also director of the Library's Center for the Book say gave us the rationale for today's library?
When did. . . Thomas Jefferson write?
What did President John Adams approve an appropriation of to purchase such books as may be necessary for the use of Congress on April 24,1800?
What celebrates its 200th anniversary as an institution that grew next Monday?
What did Jefferson approve the first law setting out as president in 1802?
What did Jefferson call it the He voiced hope it would have a permanent influence on the literature of our country?
What does the Library of Congress celebrate its 200th anniversary as next Monday?
Who says Jefferson gave us the rationale for today's library?
What is Congress and the history of Washington?
What will be introduced?
When did he have more than 1,000 volumes?
What awarded the appointment of the Librarian of Congress to the president?
What expanded the breadth of the collection dramatically?
What goes?
What did Jefferson become the founder of the Library of as it now exists with one act?
What was destroyed?
What prepared to move to a new capital city?
When did Jefferson write in a letter I learn from the newspapers that the vandalism of our enemy has triumphed at Washington over science as well as the arts?
What did Jefferson call it the choicest collection of books in the U. S. He voiced hope it would have?
What does library historian John Y. Cole in Jefferson's Legacy write he believed on?
Whose library expanded the breadth of the collection dramatically?
What did Jefferson tell John Adams that now he was retired from public life for?
What did the seed of the idea that would become the Library of Congress lie in?
Who did law award the appointment of the Librarian of Congress to?
Who did Jefferson tell that now he was retired from public life he was reading more for amusement and pleasure than for practical use?
Whose library was delivered in a caravan of horse-pulled wagons?
Who became the founder of the Library of Congress as it now exists with one act?
Who were shelved in the new U. S. Capitol?
Who did Jefferson approve the first law setting out the role and functions of the new library as?
Who called it the choicest collection of books in the U. S. He voiced hope it would have a permanent influence on the literature of our country?
Where did Jefferson write in a letter that September I learn from the newspapers that the vandalism of our enemy has triumphed over science as well as the arts?
What now exists?
When does the Library of Congress celebrate its 200th anniversary as an institution that grew?
What did Jefferson offer Congress the opportunity to buy his private library which then totaled nearly 6,500 volumes by?
What did Jefferson call it the choicest collection of books in the U. S. He voiced?
What did it award to the president?
Who anticipated the argument that his collection might be too comprehensive?
Who was the major exhibition?
Who does Cole who is also director of the Library's Center for the Book say gave such books the rationale for today's library?
What collect the world?
When had the U. S. government resided at Philadelphia?
Who argued that there was no subject to which a member of Congress may not have occasion to refer?
What were ordered from London?
Who is A Brief History of the Library of Congress?
What did Jefferson become the founder of of Congress as it now exists with one act?
What arrived in 1801?
What did the Library of Congress have?
What did Jefferson begin to restock?
When did President John Adams approve an appropriation of $5,000 to purchase such books as may be necessary for the use of Congress?
Who was Thomas Jefferson's hilltop home in Virginia?
What did Jefferson tell John Adams from?
What did it seize?
What gave the new institution a government-wide reach?
What is the White House?
What did Jefferson argue that there was to refer?
What did Thomas Jefferson have by the time he died in 1826?
What had about 3,000 volumes?
What serve the world?
Who anticipated the argument that library historian John Y. Cole in'' Jefferson's Legacy's collection might be too comprehensive?
What was beyond imagination?
What did Jefferson call it the choicest collection of books in the U. S.?
What was delivered in a caravan of horse-pulled wagons?
How many volumes did he have by the time he died in 1826?
What was that the library would grow into a pre-eminent world institution beyond?
What did Jefferson tell John Adams that now he was retired from he was reading more for amusement and pleasure than for practical use?
What did Jefferson tell John Adams that now he was retired from public life he was reading more for than for practical use?
What had resided for a decade at Philadelphia?
What added books on architecture, the arts, science, literature and geography?
What did he have by the time he died in 1826?
Who did Jefferson tell John Adams that now he was retired from public life was reading more for amusement and pleasure than for practical use?
Where did Jefferson write in a letter that September I learn from the newspapers?
When is library historian John Y. Cole in Jefferson's Legacy?
What did he say today the library is?
Who was his hilltop home in Virginia?
Who had more than 1,000 volumes by the time he died in 1826?
What did Jefferson argue that there was?
What did Jefferson anticipate?
What did Jefferson's library expand the breadth of dramatically?
What is library historian John Y. Cole in Jefferson's Legacy A Brief History of?
What was approved?
What did Jefferson call it the choicest collection of books in the U. S. He voiced hope?
Where would the government soon be?
Where did this one prepare to move?
What will be issued?
Who told John Adams that now he was retired from public life he was reading more for amusement and pleasure than for practical use?
Who collect the world?
What did an invading British army seize?
What was arranged by the system?
Who approved an appropriation of $5,000 to purchase such books as may be necessary for the use of Congress on April 24,1800?
What still amounted to little more than a few books on a few shelves?
Who said today the library is a world library?
How many volumes did the Library of Congress have?
Who writes he believed that the American legislature needed ideas and information on all subjects and in many languages in order to govern a democracy?
What would the government soon be at?
What were they shelved in?
What did a new Web site for families,'' America's Library still amount to little more than a few books on?
What did Jefferson write in a letter that September I learn from that the vandalism of our enemy has triumphed at Washington over science as well as the arts?
What was Monticello?
Who did it award the appointment of to the president?
What do such books collect?
What gave Congress the authority to set the library's budget?
What did it add?
What did the collection consist of?
Where did it prepare to move?
Who writes Thomas Jefferson believed that the American legislature needed ideas and information on all subjects and in many languages in order to govern a democracy?
What did it prepare to move to?
When did an invading British army intervene?
What do we serve?
What did Jefferson's library expand dramatically?
Who arrived in 1801?
When does the Library of Congress celebrate as an institution that grew next Monday?
What did the library have than any other?
What did Jefferson approve setting out the role and functions of the new library as president in 1802?
When did Thomas Jefferson have more than 1,000 volumes?
Who serve the world?
What did Jefferson write in a letter that September I learn from the newspapers at?
What were such books shelved in?
What did Jefferson write in a letter that September I learn from the newspapers that the vandalism of such books's enemy has triumphed at Washington over?
When did they arrive?
Who began to restock his own empty shelves?
What lay in the fact that while there were sufficient libraries in Philadelphia, there were none in Washington?
Who did Jefferson call it the choicest collection of books in the U. S. voiced hope it would have a permanent influence on the literature of our country?
Who says Jefferson gave such books the rationale for today's library?
Who did law award the appointment of to the president?
What did Jefferson become the founder of the Library of Congress as it now exists with?
What does library historian John Y. Cole in Jefferson's Legacy write Thomas Jefferson believed on?
What were books ordered from?
What is that I seem to be the only one among those present whose last name puts him into the same class with Big Bird?
What was Egypt the words?
What marked the occasion by issuing a new 33-cent stamp which shows the bright inside of the dome over the library's main reading room?
What do I 've never been to before?
What did they help celebrate the 200th birthday of?
What is my first thought that I seem to be?
What did the Library of Congress have?
What did he wear?
What did he add instructively are two of my favorite letters?
What was his regular eight-foot fuzzy yellow costume adorned for with a red and blue striped necktie?
When did more than 30 celebrities-- including TV's Big Bird and Gen. Colin Powell help celebrate?
What burned the original library in 1814?
What did he add instructively D and C are?
What did Jefferson's 6,487 books become?
Who helped celebrate the 200th birthday of the Library of Congress?
Who joined the others on a stage set up on the Capitol grounds across the street from the library?
What did more than 30 celebrities-- including TV's Big Bird and Gen. Colin Powell help celebrate the 200th birthday of?
Who looked forward as well as back?
Who was chosen to speak on behalf of the group?
What had 9,429,184 books and nearly 110 million other items?
What did Big Bird join the others on a stage set up on the Capitol grounds across the street from?
Who was a historian of religion?
What was $425?
Who did TV's Big Bird and Gen. Colin Powell say was glad to be in the District of Columbia as the first speaker from the group on stage?
What wore his regular eight-foot fuzzy yellow costume?
What is my first thought?
How many Jefferson's books were acquired after British forces burned the original library in 1814?
What did the U. S. Mint issue?
What were feted Monday as Living Legends as they helped celebrate the 200th birthday of the Library of Congress?
Who did he say was glad to be in the District of Columbia as the first speaker from the group on stage?
When did british forces burn the original library?
What did TV's Big Bird and Gen. Colin Powell say in as the first speaker from the group on stage?
What was TV's Big Bird and Gen. Colin Powell's regular eight-foot fuzzy yellow costume adorned for the occasion with?
What did he say in as the first speaker from the group on stage?
What did they receive?
Who was State Madeleine Albright?
What 've never been to a birthday party for a library before?
What was adorned for the occasion with a red and blue striped necktie?
Who did he say he was glad to be in the District of Columbia as?
Who also opened a new Web site for children and a reconstruction of President Thomas Jefferson's own book collection?
What did he add instructively D and C are two of?
Whose regular eight-foot fuzzy yellow costume was adorned for the occasion with a red and blue striped necktie?
Where did TV's Big Bird and Gen. Colin Powell say as the first speaker from the group on stage?
What did TV's Big Bird and Gen. Colin Powell add instructively D and C are?
When did they help celebrate?
What was his regular eight-foot fuzzy yellow costume adorned for the occasion with?
What did more than 30 celebrities-- including TV's Big Bird and Gen. Colin Powell receive?
What was complete with a satin-lined presentation case?
Who was Former Boston Celtics basketball star Larry Bird Secretary of?
What received medals?
What did the Post Office mark by issuing a new 33-cent stamp which shows the bright inside of the dome over the library's main reading room?
What said he was glad to be in the District of Columbia as the first speaker from the group on stage?
Who was pelikan introduced by Librarian James H. Billington as?
Who received medals?
What did TV's Big Bird and Gen. Colin Powell add instructively D and C are two of?
What was pelikan a historian of?
What did british forces burn in 1814?
Whose 6,487 books were acquired after British forces burned the original library in 1814?
What did he compare with the ancient one in Alexandria Hospital of the Soul?
What was Alexandria?
Who did TV's Big Bird and Gen. Colin Powell say he was glad to be in the District of Columbia as?
Who was 91-year-old practicing heart surgeon?
Who turned serious?
What did TV's Big Bird and Gen. Colin Powell add instructively are two of my favorite letters?
What had carved over its entrance?
What did the Library also open?
What added instructively D and C are two of my favorite letters?
How many Jefferson's books became the core of what is now the world's biggest one?
What were acquired after British forces burned the original library in 1814?
Who was pelikan?
What had Egypt carved over?
What do TV's Big Bird and Gen. Colin Powell 've never been to before?
What became the core of what is now the world's biggest one?
Who was Former Boston Celtics basketball star Larry Bird?
When did the U. S. Mint issue the first commemorative coins that will cost $395 to $425?
What did TV's Big Bird and Gen. Colin Powell wear?
Where did he say as the first speaker from the group on stage?
How many books and nearly 110 million other items did the Library of Congress have?
Who was pelikan introduced by as the author of 30 books and translator of the works of Martin Luther?
Who said he was glad to be in the District of Columbia as the first speaker from the group on stage?
Who compared the library with the ancient one in Alexandria Hospital of the Soul?
What helped celebrate the 200th birthday of the Library of Congress?
How many celebrities-- including TV's Big Bird and Gen. Colin Powell received medals?
How many celebrities-- including TV's Big Bird and Gen. Colin Powell helped celebrate the 200th birthday of the Library of Congress?
Who was Secretary of State Madeleine Albright Dr. Michael DeBakey and comedian Bob Hope?
Who wore his regular eight-foot fuzzy yellow costume?
What had carved over the Library of Congress's entrance?
What was TV's Big Bird and Gen. Colin Powell's regular eight-foot fuzzy yellow costume adorned for with a red and blue striped necktie?
Who was introduced by Librarian James H. Billington as the author of 30 books and translator of the works of Martin Luther?
Who 'ves never been to a birthday party for a library before?
Who also were honored?
What were WASHINGTON feted Monday as as they helped celebrate the 200th birthday of the Library of Congress?
What did he compare the library with?
What did Big Bird join the others on from the library?
Who did Big Bird join on a stage set up on the Capitol grounds across the street from the library?
Who added instructively D and C are two of my favorite letters?
Whose 6,487 books became the core of what is now the world's biggest one?
What has the Hope family donated for the upkeep of the items?
What did Library of Congress spokesman Craig D' Ooge say he excelled in?
Who did he teach more than anything to make the stage my home and the audience my family?
What does the exhibit include?
What has donated $3. 5 million for the upkeep of the items?
Whose career pretty much parallels the history of American entertainment?
What is WASHINGTON-- Legendary entertainer Bob Hope in to attend the opening of the permanent Bob Hope Gallery of American Entertainment in the Library of Congress?
What pretty much parallels the history of American entertainment?
Anthony, daughter Linda, and singer Connie Stevens when did Hope's son speak at a press preview of the exhibit?
Who said today Legendary entertainer Bob Hope's anxious to be here?
How many pages of jokes given to the library by Hope as well as countless other letters, photos, videos and other momentos does the exhibit include?
When does it's?
What said Legendary entertainer Bob Hope excelled in all the mediums?
Anthony, daughter Linda, and singer Connie Stevens what spoke at a press preview of the exhibit today?
What does Hope turn on May 29?
When did Hope publicist Ward Grant say he's anxious to be here?
What is in Washington to attend the opening of the permanent Bob Hope Gallery of American Entertainment in the Library of Congress?
What includes 88,000 pages of jokes given to the library by Hope as well as countless other letters, photos, videos and other momentos?
What is scheduled to attend a private reception Tuesday evening at the library?
Where is WASHINGTON-- Legendary entertainer Bob Hope to attend the opening of the permanent Bob Hope Gallery of American Entertainment in the Library of Congress?
What does his career pretty much parallel the history of?
Who did Hope publicist Ward Grant say today's anxious to be here?
What turns 97 on May 29?
Who 're anxious to get some photographs at the exhibit?
What does the exhibit include 88,000 pages of?
What does Legendary entertainer Bob Hope's career pretty much parallel the history of?
What did he teach me more than to make the stage my home and the audience my family?
When does Legendary entertainer Bob Hope's career pretty much parallel?
Who did Legendary entertainer Bob Hope teach more than anything to make the stage my home and the audience my family?
What said he excelled in all the mediums?
Who said Hope and wife arrived Saturday?
When did Hope publicist Ward Grant say Legendary entertainer Bob Hope's anxious to be here?
Who 're anxious to get him here?
Anthony, daughter Linda, and singer Connie Stevens what did Hope's son speak at today?
Who taught me more than anything to make the stage my home and the audience my family?
Who did Library of Congress spokesman Craig D' Ooge say excelled in all the mediums?
What did Library of Congress spokesman Craig D' Ooge say Legendary entertainer Bob Hope excelled in?
What did Legendary entertainer Bob Hope teach me more than to make the stage my home and the audience my family?
What did Grant say arrived Saturday?
Who was Delores?
What's both a history of Bob Hope and a history of American entertainment?
When did Grant say Hope and wife arrived?
What has the Hope family donated $3. 5 million for?
Who said today he's anxious to be here?
Who was wife?
When does his career pretty much parallel?
Who said?
When does Hope turn 97?
What did the committee's purpose say. . . is to encourage readers of this report to look out to the horizon?
What has grown enormously beyond what Congress could have expected in 1800?
What does it represent?
If there are any questions about the right of the Library of Congress to collect material from American Web sites what should the National Research Council try to get?
What does the world's biggest library put about 1 million largely historical items on?
What did a committee prepare under the leadership of James J. O'Donnell, chief information officer and vice provost of the University of Pennsylvania?
What represents the commitment of the governing bodies of that nation to a strategy of making it useful for the future?
What does it have?
When did a federal advisory panel warn?
What is the public and the country's scientists and engineers?
What will be easier to take the steps that need to be taken with the Library and its friends focused on a common vision?
What is celebrating its 200th anniversary this year?
What is the federal government?
What did the report say serves?
What does the National Research Council advise?
Who will it be easier to take the steps that need to be taken with?
What advises the federal government?
What does it deliver to?
What delivers to the nation and the world?
What does it represent the commitment of?
What did it say. . . is to encourage readers of this report to look out to the horizon?
If there are any questions about the right of the Library of Congress to collect material from American Web sites what should it try to get?
What always has been a bargain?
What did it say. . . is to encourage readers of this report to take a deep breath?
What has the world's biggest library always been?
What does a thick report represent the commitment of?
What prepared the report under the leadership of James J. O'Donnell, chief information officer and vice provost of the University of Pennsylvania?
What represents the commitment of the governing bodies of that nation to a strategy of preserving the heritage of the past?
What puts about 1 million largely historical items on its Web site?
What said serves no narrow set of interests but the broadest public purposes of a powerful nation?
Who will the committee's purpose be easier to take the steps that need to be taken with?
What will be cheap?
What has it always been?
How many books, 11 million films and photos and more than 53 million manuscripts does the world's biggest library have?
What does a thick report represent?
What does the world's biggest library deliver to?
What does it put on its Web site?
What said the committee's purpose. . . is to encourage readers of this report to take a deep breath?
How many books, 11 million films and photos and more than 53 million manuscripts does it have?
What did the committee's purpose say. . . is to encourage readers of this report to take a deep breath?
How many largely historical items does it put on its Web site?
How many largely historical items does the world's biggest library put on its Web site?
What does the world's biggest library have?
What has more than 9 million books, 11 million films and photos and more than 53 million manuscripts?
What does the world's biggest library put on its Web site?
What warned on Wednesday?
What did a committee prepare the report under?
What said the committee's purpose. . . is to encourage readers of this report to look out to the horizon?
What does it put about 1 million largely historical items on?
What does not have the warehouse space?
What are different?
What does the Library of Congress now face?
What does the library have?
What smoothed each page, covered it gently with a transparent tissue attached by a gelatin adhesive and inserted a sheet of acid-free paper between them?
What do a lot of artists not work on?
What's not just archives?
What do two copies of books and other printed materials that are copyrighted have to be sure when we get information in new forms?
What does the Library of Congress not keep all of because it does not have the warehouse space?
What do not have a list yet?
What do we have to be sure when we get information in new forms that we can migrate forward?
What is art?
What moves so fast that in a few years today's computers may be obsolete?
What did Roosa say for instance, never resides in any format unless the end user decides to do it?
Who did Katz say have to identify the best people and the work we want to keep?
What 've been bandying a lot of names around?
Who said two copies of books and other printed materials that are copyrighted have to identify the best people and the work we want to keep?
What is a relatively low-tech device?
What did Katz say have to identify the best people and the work we want to keep?
Who said their work is just images you can see on a monitor?
What had an experimental paper-splitting process?
What do no use keeping if they cannot be read?
What depends on the materials?
What has high-quality housings for its collection of cardboard baseball cards going back more than 100 years?
What is taken from crumbling paper documents?
What are presenting the Library of Congress with new problems in preserving the nation's heritage?
What did the ZFB Co. in Leipzig have?
Who is Mark Roosa?
What have to be sure when we get information in new forms that we can migrate it forward?
What did Katz say their work is just you can see on a monitor?
What did the library want to keep on the sinking of the Titanic?
What did the library want to keep the actual pages of on the sinking of the Titanic?
What was Germany?
What smoothed each page, covered it gently with a transparent tissue attached by a gelatin adhesive and inserted a sheet of acid-free paper between that?
What did Katz say we have to identify we want to keep?
What do two copies of books and other printed materials that are copyrighted have to be sure when we get information in new forms that we can migrate forward?
What did the experts encapsulate each page in?
What do we 've been bandying around?
What does Mark Roosa divide?
What gets two copies of books and other printed materials that are copyrighted by law?
What is increasingly looking at computer capacity as much as warehouse space in planning its future needs?
What was satisfied with that?
Who encapsulated each page in a polyester film?
Who is chief of the library's conservation division?
What does not too hot's as preserving the Gutenberg Bible or Ansel Adams photos?
How many copies of books and other printed materials that are copyrighted 've been bandying a lot of names around?
What did Roosa say for instance, some of the music never resides in unless the end user decides to do it?
Who did Katz say we have to identify the best people and the work want to keep?
What did Katz say is just images you can see on a monitor?
How many copies of books and other printed materials that are copyrighted does the Library of Congress get by law?
What did Katz say we have to identify the best people and the work?
What are early television programs recorded on two-inch videotapes that can only be read by a few remaining pieces of equipment?
Who did Katz say two copies of books and other printed materials that are copyrighted have to identify the best people and the work want to keep?
What does the parameters depend on?
What is Mark Roosa chief of?
Who describes the conditions for assuring not too hot do not deteriorate into paper mache or dust?
What does curator Harry Katz describe?
What does the Library of Congress get by law?
What does it now face?
What does not keep all of them because it does not have the warehouse space?
What do we not have yet?
What does the world's biggest library have?
What now exist only on the Internet?
How many copies of books and other printed materials that are copyrighted did Katz say have to identify the best people and the work we want to keep?
What are WASHINGTON-- Newly developed digitalized baseball cards presenting with new problems in preserving the nation's heritage?
What was the library satisfied with?
Who said?
What did Roosa say for, some of the music never resides in any format unless the end user decides to do it?
What does the Library of Congress not have?
What makes it crumble in a few decades?
What did the experts encapsulate in a polyester film?
Who divides the problem into two areas: material that is born digital and information that is reborn digital?
What do two copies of books and other printed materials that are copyrighted 've been bandying a lot of around?
What does it not keep because it does not have the warehouse space?
What does the Library of Congress not keep because it does not have the warehouse space?
What did Katz say is the hardware?
What does the library have a lot of?
Who 've been bandying a lot of names around?
What are WASHINGTON-- Newly developed digitalized baseball cards presenting the Library of with new problems in preserving the nation's heritage?
What are wax cylinders like those Thomas Edison used for the first recordings?
What will the new digital trading cards on three-inch CD-ROMs require also preserving?
What is Microfilm?
Who asked?
What does the Library of Congress get two copies of books and other printed materials that are copyrighted by?
What did Katz say one problem is?
What has been preserving newspapers for decades?
What does it not keep all of because it does not have the warehouse space?
What is the library increasingly looking at as much as warehouse space in planning its future needs?
What is the library increasingly looking at computer capacity as much as in planning its future needs?
What do many archives now exist only on?
Who do not have a list yet?
What do we 've been bandying a lot of around?
What use keeping the disks if they cannot be read?
What will require also preserving what will inevitably become antique computer technology to read them?
What are paper documents?
Who said for instance, some of the music never resides in any format unless the end user decides to do it?
What did Katz say two copies of books and other printed materials that are copyrighted have to identify we want to keep?
What does it's as preserving the Gutenberg Bible or Ansel Adams photos?
Who said we have to identify the best people and the work we want to keep?
What was Leipzig?
What now faces the same problem with cyberspace: which works to preserve?
What did the library want to keep the actual pages of The New York Times special supplement of April 28 on?
What do two copies of books and other printed materials that are copyrighted 've been bandying around?
What do two copies of books and other printed materials that are copyrighted not have yet?
What does curator Harry Katz describe the conditions for assuring into?
When does the acid in newsprint make it crumble?
What becomes more digitalized?
Who does it not keep all of because it does not have the warehouse space?
What does not keep all of two copies of books and other printed materials that are copyrighted because it does not have the warehouse space?
What has a lot of conservation problems?
What did Katz say two copies of books and other printed materials that are copyrighted have to identify the best people and the work?
How many copies of books and other printed materials that are copyrighted have to be sure when we get information in new forms that we can migrate it forward?
What's the same problem as preserving the Gutenberg Bible or Ansel Adams photos?
Who describes the conditions for assuring they do not deteriorate into paper mache or dust?
What did Katz say their work is just images on?
What wanted to keep the actual pages of The New York Times special supplement of April 28 on the sinking of the Titanic?
Who did Katz say their work is just images can see on a monitor?
What do we have to be sure when we get information in new forms?
What did Katz say their work is just images you can see on?
What are the first recordings?
How many copies of books and other printed materials that are copyrighted do not have a list yet?
Who said one problem is the hardware?
What do not work on paper?
What are WASHINGTON-- Newly developed digitalized baseball cards presenting the Library of Congress with?
What is electronic books, scientific journals, music and multi-media presentations?
What does the acid in newsprint make crumble in a few decades?
Who have to be sure when we get information in new forms that we can migrate it forward?
What does it not have?
What now faces the same problem with cyberspace: which artists?
What does the Library of Congress get two copies of that are copyrighted by law?
What did Hutson say ?
Whose analysis of Jefferson's letter do some conservative groups and scholars say?
Who is the Presbyterian churchgoer?
What was Hutson performing excavation on?
What has Jefferson's letter been used in for more than a century to describe the proper relationship between religion and government?
Whose letter has been used in Supreme Court cases for more than a century to describe the proper relationship between religion and government?
Who wrote that Jefferson's words had been ``twisted by liberals?''
What have justices like Potter Stewart and William Rehnquist argued?
Who really did try to guard against anything like this happening?
What had the bureau done with?
Who was the letter faxed to the library by?
Whose letter did Hutson ask the FBI to use its computer laboratory to uncover the inked-out words in?
What lambasted Hutson's basic contention that Jefferson's letter was a matter of politics and not principle?
What did the Christian Coalition immediately say the library's findings should bolster?''
What called Jefferson's wall ``flimsy?''
What did last month the controversy ricochet from to the ivory tower?
When did Barry Lynn ask the library to declare Hutson's research ``merely one opinion,'' with which Lynn said most scholars disagree?
What do some conservative groups and scholars say is authoritative evidence that could be used in the courts to knock down the barrier between religion and government?
Where is the exhibition now closed?
Who was performing excavation on a document that is a touchstone of American history?
What is now closed in Washington?
What did Barry Lynn ask the library to declare with which Lynn said most scholars disagree in June?
Who was an advocacy group in Washington?
What did I really try to guard against?
Who said this was proof that Jefferson's ``wall'' metaphor should never have been interpreted as an overarching principle?
What say the Library's analysis of Jefferson's letter is authoritative evidence that could be used in the courts to knock down the barrier between religion and government?
Whose words have justices like Potter Stewart and William Rehnquist argued?
Who asked the library to declare Hutson's research ``merely one opinion,'' with which Lynn said most scholars disagree in June?
When did Jefferson also write that as president, he would not proclaim?
Where will the exhibition soon travel?
Whose letter was meant to reassure the Baptists of Connecticut?
What did Jefferson attend two days after writing the Danbury Baptist letter?
What have argued that Jefferson's words were misused?
What did he say he would not repudiate the thesis of?
What did he say he was chagrined that the uproar had overshadowed?
Whose research ``merely one opinion,'' did Barry Lynn ask the library to declare with which Lynn said most scholars disagree in June?
What did he say he was chagrined?
What did Barry Lynn ask to declare Hutson's research ``merely one opinion,'' with which Lynn said most scholars disagree in June?
What was meant to reassure the Baptists of Connecticut?
Who was an associate professor of justice at American University?
Who added, ``Maybe I should have been more careful''?
Who did Gary Bauer of the Family Research Council write that Jefferson's words had been ``twisted by?''
What did Jefferson's advisers warn that that section might offend?
Who did Hutson's analysis say: ``was never conceived by Jefferson to be a statement of fundamental principles?''
When was Jefferson's letter dated?
What has been argued over by scholars?
What said: ``The Danbury Baptist Letter was never conceived by Jefferson to be a statement of fundamental principles?''
Whose analysis said: ``The Danbury Baptist Letter was never conceived by Jefferson to be a statement of fundamental principles?''
Whose basic contention that Jefferson's letter was a matter of politics and not principle did the letter from the 24 scholars lambaste?
What was the letter written by?
What did Hutson ask the FBI to use to uncover the inked-out words in Jefferson's letter?
Who was Barry Lynn?
Who surmised that Jefferson removed these phrases because they might sound ``too anti-religious to pious New England ears'' in William Rehnquist's essay?
What did the conservative leaders say this was?
Who restated the First Amendment's religion clause?
What was Hutson performing on a document that is a touchstone of American history?
What is _ at the heart of the exhibition _ and of the controversy?
Who did he say would not repudiate the thesis of his paper?
What did the Christian Coalition immediately issue a news release headlined ``Library of Congress Skewers ` Wall of?''
What was written by them?
What really did try to guard against anything like this happening?
What was Barry Lynn executive director of Americans United for Separation of?
When did Jefferson attend church services held in the House of Representatives?
What said: ``it was meant to be a political manifesto, nothing more?''
What did the letter from the 24 scholars lambaste?
What did Hutson surmise that Jefferson removed because they might sound ``too anti-religious to pious New England ears'' in his essay?
What was Daniel Dreisbach an associate professor of at American University?
What did the Christian Coalition immediately say?''
Who also wrote that as president, he would not proclaim national feast days and thanksgivings?
What was faxed to the library by Americans United?
Whose advisers warned that that section might offend potential political allies?
What is a famous letter written by Thomas Jefferson to the Danbury Baptist Association in 1802 at the heart of the exhibition _ and of the controversy?
What did Hutson surmise to in his essay?
Who said he was chagrined that the uproar had overshadowed the 211 other documents and artifacts he painstakingly collected for the exhibition?
What were Connecticut suffering persecution from the Congregationalists in?
Who say Dallas are not accustomed to such controversy?
Who warned that it might offend potential political allies?
What did his advisers warn?
What did that last word mean?
Who did Hutson's analysis say: ``The Danbury Baptist Letter was never conceived by to be a statement of fundamental principles?''
What did Hutson's analysis say: ``was meant to be a political manifesto, nothing more?''
Whose analysis said: ``it was meant to be a political manifesto, nothing more?''
What did Jefferson's advisers warn?
When has Jefferson's letter been used in Supreme Court cases to describe the proper relationship between religion and government?
Who did he say was chagrined that the uproar had overshadowed the 211 other documents and artifacts he painstakingly collected for the exhibition?
What did Hutson surmise that Jefferson removed because they might sound ``too anti-religious to pious New England ears'' in William Rehnquist's essay?
What do the library's staff members say are not accustomed to such controversy?
What was Barry Lynn?
Who do the library's staff members say are not accustomed to such controversy?
What did the Supreme Court declare in Reynolds vs. United States in 1878?
What did the conservative leaders say was proof that Jefferson's ``wall'' metaphor should never have been interpreted as an overarching principle?
What is the exhibition now closed in?
What did Hutson say ``The last thing we want to do here is''?
What began when Hutson set out to decipher the blotted-out lines in the first draft of Jefferson's letter to the Danbury Baptist Association?
What added, ``Maybe I should have been more careful''?
What might they sound ``too anti-religious to''?
What will soon travel to Dallas, Philadelphia, Indianapolis and southern California?
What did Hutson say that Jefferson omitted that section because his advisers warned?
What did last month the controversy ricochet from Christian radio to?
What was the letter faxed to by Americans United?
What meant secular?
Who was professor emeritus of humanities at the University of Richmond and one of two scholars who drafted the letter to the library?
What did Hutson say that Jefferson omitted because his advisers warned that it might offend potential political allies?
What did the conservative leaders say?
Who did Gary Bauer of the Family Research Council write by?''
What did the Christian Coalition immediately say should bolster the campaign for the ``religious freedom amendment?''
Who was Robert Alley?
What did Jefferson restate?
What did Hutson ask the FBI to use its computer laboratory to uncover the inked-out words in?
Who did Jefferson also write as?
What did Hutson say?
What had done with a diary of Theodore Roosevelt's?
When ricocheted from Christian radio to the ivory tower?
What did he say he would not repudiate?
What has been used in Supreme Court cases for more than a century to describe the proper relationship between religion and government?
What was dated Jan. 1,1802?
What do some conservative groups and scholars say?
What did Hutson ask the FBI to use its computer laboratory to uncover in Jefferson's letter?
What immediately said the library's findings should bolster the campaign for the ``religious freedom amendment?''
What was the Family?
Who said that Jefferson omitted that section because his advisers warned that it might offend potential political allies?
What do the library's staff members say Dallas are not accustomed to?
Whose words did Gary Bauer of the Family Research Council write by?''
What was written by scholars?
Who was executive director of Americans United for Separation of Church and State?
What is now trying to calm the furor?
What did the Supreme Court declare in Reynolds vs. United States in 1878 that the ``wall'' metaphor was?
Who said ``The last thing we want to do here is offer opinions on constitutional law''?
What have justices like Potter Stewart and William Rehnquist argued that Jefferson's words were?
What will the exhibition soon travel to?
Who was the letter written by?
What followed?
How many other documents and artifacts he painstakingly collected for the exhibition did he say he was chagrined that the uproar had overshadowed?
What do the library's staff members say they are not accustomed to?
What did he say?
What did his advisers warn that it might offend?
What immediately issued a news release headlined ``Library of Congress Skewers ` Wall of Separation ' Myth?''
What said he would not repudiate the thesis of his paper?
Who were faced with a case on school vouchers or creches on city hall steps?
Whose letter was dated Jan. 1,1802?
What might these phrases sound ``too anti-religious to''?
What has been cited in at least 50 Supreme Court cases dealing with the relationship between government and religion?
Who asked the FBI to use its computer laboratory to uncover the inked-out words in Jefferson's letter?
Whose essay did Hutson surmise that Jefferson removed these phrases because they might sound ``too anti-religious to pious New England ears'' in?
Who is a Yale graduate and an expert on Benjamin Franklin?
What was a multimedia ministry?
Who said, ``We are concerned for really one fundamental reason''?
What did Hutson surmise to in William Rehnquist's essay?
What did Hutson surmise that Jefferson removed these phrases because they might sound ``too anti-religious to pious New England ears'' in?
What is _ a famous letter written by Thomas Jefferson to the Danbury Baptist Association in 1802 at?
Who was Daniel Dreisbach?
What might sound ``too anti-religious to pious New England ears''?
Who were Connecticut suffering persecution from in control of that state?
Who was Barry Lynn executive director of for Separation of Church and State?
Who say they are not accustomed to such controversy?
Who has the import of the ``separation'' language been argued over by?
What was Robert Alley professor emeritus of at the University of Richmond and one of two scholars who drafted the letter to the library?
Who surmised that Jefferson removed these phrases because they might sound ``too anti-religious to pious New England ears'' in his essay?
What says that ``religion is a matter which lies solely between Man & his God?''
Who warned that that section might offend potential political allies?
What did Hutson ask to use its computer laboratory to uncover the inked-out words in Jefferson's letter?
Who might sound ``too anti-religious to pious New England ears''?
Who attended church services held in the House of Representatives two days after writing the Danbury Baptist letter?
What were the judges faced with on city hall steps?
What were suffering persecution from the Congregationalists in control of that state?
What were Connecticut suffering from the Congregationalists in control of that state?
What is 61?
What do some conservative groups and scholars say the Library's analysis of Jefferson's letter is?
What said he was chagrined that the uproar had overshadowed the 211 other documents and artifacts he painstakingly collected for the exhibition?
What has the import of the ``separation'' language been cited in?
Who said he would not repudiate the thesis of his paper?
What do the library's staff members say to?
What did the Christian Coalition immediately issue?''
Who did Jefferson also write that as, he would not proclaim national feast days and thanksgivings?
What were the judges faced with a case on school vouchers or creches on?
What did Hutson say ``is offer opinions on constitutional law''?
Who is ZDTV owned by?
Who was Patrick King?
What did the foundation present its first Free Software Award to for his contribution to free software development?
Who make the investment in audio streaming?
Who transmit their audio and video signals over the Internet?
When did Kahle say?
What was started by Richard Stallman?
Who do Survey Will Track Internet Audiences The question is not whether people are tuning in to radio programs over the Internet _ are?
What does the Arbitron Co. measure?
What do part of an interactive sculpture _?
How many radio stations did BRS Media say there are worldwide that stream audio, up from 763 a year ago?
What does CBS Corp. have?
What do many make?
What is scheduled next week to ship a new inkjet printer that is also a digital darkroom?
What _ as part of an interactive sculpture _ their contents are not _ yet?
When did the Library of Congress grow by the equivalent of 2 million books on a single day?
Who was an Internet radio consulting agency?
What measures traditional radio audiences in local markets?
What is about publishing no keener's secret formula?
Who said from Oct. 26 to 31, Credit ZDTV plans to give away one videophone every hour?
What does he say the replies are meant to serve as?
Who met on Oct. 9 at the Massachusetts Institute of Technology to fight for the transparency of computer software?
What do toward that end its surveys to track which of the stations ' listeners tune in over?
What has Videophone Call-Ins made the Internet possible to perform all sorts of tasks without leaving the house _ banking even dating On?
What did Credit ZDTV focus on?
What transmit their audio and video signals over the Internet?
Who was a fledgling 24-hour cable channel with programming?
What does Gordon say are meant to serve as general information?
What was the Library of Congress?
Where did so he decide to put a bunch of the experts?
What did so he decide to put a bunch of the experts in?
How many videophones will ZDTV give away because they transmit their audio and video signals over the Internet?
What is a joint effort between Arbitron NewMedia and RadioWave. com Inc.?
What does Gordon say does not vouch for the replies not specific advice or diagnosis?
What is the question?
Who said, ``It's a chance to talk to people that you might not have a chance to''?
What did Group Wants to Free Software Source Code A group of concerned hackers and Netizens meet on Oct. 9 at to fight for the transparency of computer software?
What did the foundation present to Larry Wall for his contribution to free software development?
What does he say are meant to serve as general information?
When is Lexmark International Inc. of Lexington scheduled to ship a new inkjet printer that is also a digital darkroom?
What 'll you see the caller with?
What urges viewers to call in to its programs using Internet-based videophones?
What could the library fit the new addition into?
What did Guy Lamolinara note for?
What is whether the listeners count?
What came in the form of computer disks _ 44 of them?
What do they transmit their audio and video signals over?
What reaches only 8 million homes, but a far cry from a mass audience?
What _ their contents are not _ yet?
What began broadcasting in May?
What did Drebin say from Oct. 26 to 31, plans to give away one videophone every hour?
What tune in over the Internet?
What is because the latest donation to the library came in the form of computer disks _ 44 of them?
What was Altoona?
What does Gordon say for?
What has Videophone Call-Ins made the Internet possible to perform without leaving the house _ banking even dating On a Cable TV Channel?
What did BRS Media say, ``Allexperts's a chance to talk to people''?
What is the new plan?
What do alas _ as part of an interactive sculpture _?
What did Patrick King say means users no longer have to upload the pictures onto a PC them and send them to the printer?
What did so BRS Media decide to put in one place?
What does the concept meet with?
Who noted that the library was still working out copyright issues?
Who count?
What did Wall work on for text manipulation and system management?
Who 'll see the caller with ZDTV?
What has a slot into which users can insert a digital film cartridge?
What decide whether to spend money to stream their audio content over their Web sites?
What did Larry King say that compared with?
What do internet-based videophones transmit?
Who has a keen or critical question?
What are only 8 million homes?
What is about publishing its secret formula?
What may want to schedule next year's meeting for Berkeley?
When did Drebin say to 31, it plans to give away one videophone every hour?
What does ZDTV reach?
What do BRS Media have?
Who said from Oct. 26 to 31, it plans to give away one videophone every hour?
Who did Gordon recently launch?
Who says the site does not vouch for the replies not specific advice or diagnosis?
What does Kahle oversee?
What did so he decide to put in one place?
What did so BRS Media decide to put a bunch of the experts in?
What do you have?
Who did so BRS Media decide to put a bunch of in one place?
Who says the replies are meant to serve as general information?
What did Guy Lamolinara note that the library was still working out?
What are many struggling with?
Who noted that some of the material was not suitable for the collections?
Who has made it possible to perform all sorts of tasks without leaving the house _ banking even dating On a Cable TV Channel?
What were rooms?
When did Drebin say to 31, Credit ZDTV plans to give away one videophone every hour?
What do internet-based videophones transmit their audio and video signals over?
What did individual pictures take into the cost of ink and paper?
Who so decided to put a bunch of the experts in one place?
What was Allexperts?
Who does not know any neurologists, ``For example''?
What was the group?
Who said the donation preserves a moment in the life of the ever-evolving Web and can become a resource for sociologists and historians who want to understand our era?
Who 'll you see with ZDTV?
Where did the foundation present its first Free Software Award for his contribution to free software development?
What has Videophone Call-Ins made it possible to perform all sorts of without leaving the house _ banking even dating On a Cable TV Channel?
Who want to be able to measure the size of their Internet audience _?
What are people tuning in to over the Internet?
How many radio stations does CBS Corp. own?
What did individual pictures take into account the cost of?
What do radio stations decide to?
What has Videophone Call-Ins made the Internet possible to perform all sorts of without leaving the house _ banking even dating On a Cable TV Channel?
What was the world's most voluminous library?
What are struggling with the business model?
Who owns about 160 radio stations?
What met to celebrate its philosophy that the source code that underlies software programs should be freely and openly distributed?
What did the group meet to celebrate its philosophy?
How many homes, but a far cry from a mass audience does ZDTV reach?
Who did Patrick King say this means no longer have to upload the pictures onto a PC them and send them to the printer?
Who recently launched Allexperts?
What is owned by Ziff-Davis?
What _ they are?
What are people tuning in to radio programs over?
What make the investment in audio streaming?
What did Drebin say from Oct. 26 to, it plans to give away one videophone every hour?
Who did so he decide to put a bunch of in one place?
Who was Greg Derbin?
What could the library fit into a small filing cabinet?
What does Gordon say the site does not vouch for not specific advice or diagnosis?
Who was Lexmark's general manager for Digital Photo Printer?
Who do not know any neurologists, ``For example''?
What do thousands of developers freely and openly distribute?
What has Videophone Call-Ins made it possible to perform without leaving the house _ banking even dating On a Cable TV Channel?
What does the group reason?
What _ among them?
What did Guy Lamolinara note that some of the material was not suitable for?
Who said this means users no longer have to upload the pictures onto a PC them and send them to the printer?
What does Gordon say the replies are meant to serve as?
What was the PC?
What did he say with?
What is Ky.?
What want to be able to measure the size of their Internet audience _?
What is designed to print digital pictures without a personal computer?
What came in the form of computer disks _ 44 of that?
What did Larry King say with?
What was the Free Software Foundation?
Who worked on Perl software for text manipulation and system management?
What did he say that compared with?
What was BRS Media?
What does Lexmark believe worth with some estimates that the digital camera and photoprinter industry will reach $6 billion a year by 2002?
Who do thousands of others _ among?
Who have a keen or critical question?
What do Survey Will Track Internet Audiences The question is not to _ they are?
Who transmit not just voices, but faces?
What do part of an interactive sculpture _ are not _ yet?
Who has made the Internet possible to perform all sorts of tasks without leaving the house _ banking even dating On a Cable TV Channel?
What meets with no small friction from companies that are no keener about publishing their source code than Coca-Cola is about publishing its secret formula?
What are tuning in to radio programs over the Internet?
Whose general manager for Digital Photo Printer was Patrick King?
When did Kahle say the Web is growing at a rate of 1. 5 million pages?
Who said, ``It's on the upper end''?
Who does the San Francisco-based network urge to call in to its programs using Internet-based videophones?
What took into account the cost of ink and paper?
What did Kahle say is growing at a rate of 1. 5 million pages a day?
What did Guy Lamolinara note?
What did the latest donation to the library come in?
What was a robust and widely used language?
What was format?
What do Survey Will Track Internet Audiences The question is not whether people are tuning in to radio programs over the Internet _ are?
What did the foundation present its first Free Software Award to Larry Wall for?
What did Drebin say from Oct. 26 to, Credit ZDTV plans to give away one videophone every hour?
Who was a Web site that allows visitors to question 2,000 e-mail volunteers on topics like entertainment, computers, and medicine and get a free reply?
What did Patrick King say this means onto?
What was Credit ZDTV?
What does CBS Corp. own?
What does the San Francisco-based network urge viewers to call in to?
What will give away up to 10,000 videophones because they transmit their audio and video signals over the Internet?
What has Videophone Call-Ins made it possible to perform all sorts of tasks without leaving the house _ banking even dating On?
Who said?
What will ZDTV give away because they transmit their audio and video signals over the Internet?
When did ZDTV begin broadcasting?
What is Lexington?
Who was the company's president?
What does Lexmark believe the new printer is worth with some estimates that the digital camera and photoprinter industry will reach $6 billion a year by 2002?
What does Lexmark believe the new printer is worth an investment in research and development with?
Who said that compared with a cost of 40 cents to 70 cents per print for pictures developed at a conventional lab?
What reasons that it would be easier for programmers to enhance programs and fix bugs?
Who focused on computer issues?
What did the Library of Congress grow by on a single day last week?
Who was Brewster Kahle?
What did BRS Media say there are worldwide that stream audio, up from 763 a year ago?
What reasons that computer software would be easier for programmers to enhance programs and fix bugs?
What meets with no small friction from companies that are no keener about publishing thousands of new stacks's source code than Coca-Cola is about publishing its secret formula?
Who said the Web is growing at a rate of 1. 5 million pages a day?
Who is the interactive radio subsidiary of Motorola?
What did he say, ``It's a chance to talk to people''?
What did the company's president say?
How many homes are a strong start?
What was Pa.?
What do thousands of others _ among?
Who said there are 1,708 radio stations worldwide that stream audio, up from 763 a year ago?
What presented its first Free Software Award to Larry Wall for his contribution to free software development?
When did Kahle say the Web is growing a day?
Where did so BRS Media decide to put a bunch of the experts?
Who do BRS Media not know, ``For example''?
Who oversees the non-profit organization Internet Archive?
What do internet-based videophones transmit over the Internet?
Who was Guy Lamolinara?
What freely and openly distribute their source code?
What are a strong start?
What were news groups?
Who was the foundation started by?
Who is Arbitron NewMedia and RadioWave. com Inc. the interactive radio subsidiary of?
What does Gordon say the site does not vouch for the replies?
What _ alas's contents are not _ yet?
What do they make?
Who was a spokesman for the Library of Congress?
Who is Arbitron NewMedia and RadioWave. com Inc.?
What could fit the new addition into a small filing cabinet?
What has Videophone Call-Ins made possible to perform all sorts of tasks without leaving the house _ banking even dating On a Cable TV Channel?
Who has a policy against streaming audio _?
What do they transmit over the Internet?
Who said, ``Larry King says, ` We 'll go to Altoona for our next call''?
Who do I not know, ``For example''?
What did individual pictures take into account?
What grew by the equivalent of 2 million books on a single day last week?
What did Wall work on Perl software for?
What does the Photo Jetprinter have into which users can insert a digital film cartridge?
What may the group want to schedule?
When did the Library of Congress grow by the equivalent of 2 million books last week?
Who said, ``Allexperts's a chance to talk to people that you might not have a chance to''?
Who was senior vice president for programming and production at the network?
What did BRS Media say there are 1,708 radio stations?
What did the group meet to celebrate that the source code that underlies software programs should be freely and openly distributed?
What did Group Wants to Free Software Source Code A group of concerned hackers and Netizens meet on Oct. 9 at the Massachusetts Institute of Technology to fight for?
Who said, ``this's on the upper end''?
Who said, ``Larry King says, ` alas 'll go to Altoona for our next call''?
What was perl software?
What do Survey Will Track Internet Audiences The question is not whether people are tuning in to radio programs over the Internet _?
What was an unexpected result?
What do Duke see at?
What did George Washington order to stay out of the city Boston was from his nearby headquarters in Cambridge?
What was March 19,1776?
Who goes to have translations for everything that's actually been read?
What did Hensen say, ``This is one of the few times''?
What did the students want to come to campus to see?
What does the Denver Public Library expect to put?
What does a piece of papyrus not have to be viewed under?
What do you see at?
What describe what is in the folders and boxes in which libraries and archives keep their collections?
Who said, ``Duke wanted to tell the story of the Civil War on a human level''?
Who sees that a soldier is 48 and has left three young children at home?
Who said, ``I wanted to tell the story of the Civil War on a human level''?
What will also have an English text?
What was the students ' relationship with the university?
What do Duke see?
Who said, ``160 institutions have 1,500 pieces of papyri dating back to 4,000 B. C.''?
What did George Washington order his troops to stay out of the city was from his nearby headquarters in Cambridge?
Who was cataloguing its collection?
Who was director of planning and project development in the rare book at Duke University?
What was Duke cataloguing?
Who said, ``Suddenly we have clients who could not come through our doors''?
Who do Duke see that a soldier's?
What has supported this and other projects throughout the country to make cultural resources available on the Internet?
What can scholars only look at on microfiche?
What are archivists creating in the Public Records Office in London?
What did George Washington order to stay out of the city Boston was threatened by smallpox?
Who is manager of the California Heritage project at the Berkeley library?
What is an international alliance of 160 institutions?
What can this letter and hundreds of others in the orders's original form be read on the Internet at?
What did Daniel Pitti add, ``the vision's an illusion to think 160 institutions 'll digitize everything out about''?
What was a piece so that valuable, fragile materials would not be harmed?
Who has been helping elementary school teachers use the California Heritage Web site?
What did George Washington order his troops to stay out of the city Boston was from?
What is available online where Web users can search the finding aids for all these collections?
What did teachers explain?
Who said, ``It really is going to change the whole organization of knowledge''?
Who see that a soldier is 48 and has left three young children at home?
Who was Edward Ayres?
What can be manipulated to see paintings on the walls of buildings that cannot be seen in the original photograph?
What can this letter and hundreds of others in their original form be read on at the American Memory site of the Library of Congress?
What did he add, ``It's an illusion to think there _ we 're talking about hundreds of millions of items''?
What can be read on the Internet at the American Memory site of the Library of Congress?
What is closed to high school students and most university undergraduates at the Library of Congress?
What has the Research Libraries Group set up?
Where can the Washington letters be seen in their original form?
Who said, ``We have 1,500 pieces of papyri dating back to 4,000 B. C.''?
Who said, ``The vision goes back to the Enlightenment''?
What are archivists creating a catalog of all British public records dating to the Domesday Book of the 11th century in?
What does 160 institutions go to have translations for?
Who was cataloguing a piece's collection?
How many photographs of the old West online does the Denver Public Library expect to put?
Who sees that he's a widower?
Who explained what an archive was?
What are?
What will anything with a Greek text also have?
How many institutions goes to have translations for everything that's actually been read?
What did George Washington order his troops to stay out of Boston was from his nearby headquarters in Cambridge?
What has set up an Archival Resources service that is moving toward this?
What was the rare book?
Who are?
What is the Research Libraries Group an international alliance of?
Where did the students want to come to see the real thing?
What does the Library of Congress have?
Who ordered his troops to stay out of the city Boston was from his nearby headquarters in Cambridge?
What has the National Endowment for the Humanities supported this and other projects throughout?
What is trying to digitize one of the great American history collections with help from experts at New York University?
What do you read?
What did he add, ``It's an illusion to think we 'll digitize everything out there _ about''?
Who added, ``the vision's an illusion to think 160 institutions 'll digitize everything out there _ we 're talking about hundreds of millions of items''?
What was Stephen Griffin head of at the National Science Foundation?
What has linked 35 universities and museums into one online archive?
What gets 10 million to 12 million visits a month?
What did George Washington order his troops to stay out of the city Boston was threatened by?
What was Edward Ayres a history professor who first thought of?
Who is Lisa Yesson?
What does 160 institutions go to have for everything that's actually been read?
Who reads the census entries?
Who said, ``A fourth-grade class in Oakland did a unit on the gold rush and went to Sutter's Fort''?
What were the orders written by?
Who said, ``the World Wide Web burst upon the scene''?
What was Cambridge?
What do finding aids describe in?
How many universities and museums has California linked into one online archive?
What were written by hand?
What has California linked into one online archive?
What was Stephen Griffin?
Where do you see?
What have occasionally been more interesting than the originals?
What was Timothy Hoyer head of at the Bancroft Library of the University of California at Berkeley?
Where do Duke see?
How many institutions are?
Who said, ``we had this flash''?
Who ordered his troops to stay out of the city Boston was threatened by smallpox?
What was it so that valuable, fragile materials would not be harmed?
Who was photographing?
Who read the census entries?
What can be seen in their original form at the American Memory site?
What does we go to have translations for?
When was it?
What is the manuscript division closed to high school students and most university undergraduates at?
Who said, ``160 institutions had this flash''?
What goes to have translations for everything that's actually been read?
What expects to put 95,000 photographs of the old West online?
Who was Daniel Pitti?
What do Duke read?
Who was project director of the Institute for Advanced Technology in the Humanities at the University of Virginia?
What did he say, ``My dream is that you 'll slowly see''?
Who do you see that he's?
What has California linked 35 universities and museums into?
What can this letter and hundreds of others in their original form be read on the Internet at?
Who was Steven Hensen?
Who helps direct the online archive of the California Digital Library?
Who added, ``It's an illusion to think we 'll digitize everything out there _ we 're talking about hundreds of millions of items''?
What was Mass.?
What did George Washington order his troops to stay out of Boston was threatened by smallpox?
What does not have to be viewed under a microscope?
Who has been in on the cutting edge of the changes?
What did he add, ``It's an illusion to think we 'll digitize everything out about''?
What can scholars only look at presidential manuscripts on?
Who said, ``This is one of the few times that archivists have found themselves leading the parade''?
Where can this letter and hundreds of others in the orders's original form be read on the Internet?
What did Duke say, ``My dream is that you 'll slowly see''?
What can many items be located through?
What did George Washington order his troops to stay out of the city was threatened by smallpox?
Who see that a soldier's a widower?
What did he say, ``My dream is''?
What are archivists creating a catalog of in the Public Records Office in London?
What was papyrus that led some archivists to think of constructing digitized collections so that valuable, fragile materials would not be harmed?
When was Boston?
What was manuscript and special collections library?
What is the Research Libraries Group?
What did the students want to come to to see the real thing?
What have copies of items that have been digitized occasionally been more interesting than?
What can be located through an automated system of finding aids developed over the last five years by a group that has included university librarians?
Who was a history professor who first thought of the project?
Who was head of technical services at the Bancroft Library of the University of California at Berkeley?
What does Hoyer help?
What was Daniel Pitti project director of at the University of Virginia?
What is Lisa Yesson manager of?
What did Daniel Pitti add, ``the vision's an illusion to think there _ we 're talking about hundreds of millions of items''?
What does Hoyer help direct the online archive of?
What has 117 million items in its archives?
Who can only look at presidential manuscripts on microfiche?
Who was head of the division of information and intelligent systems at the National Science Foundation?
How many items in its archives does the Library of Congress have?
Who are creating a catalog of all British public records dating to the Domesday Book of the 11th century in the Public Records Office in London?
What was Steven Hensen director of at Duke University?
What did Duke say, ``My dream is''?
Who is the manuscript division closed to at the Library of Congress?
What do you see?
What is the New-York Historical Society trying to digitize one of the great American history collections with?
What can this letter and hundreds of others in the orders's original form be read on at the American Memory site of the Library of Congress?
What does we go to have for everything that's actually been read?
Where can this letter and hundreds of others in their original form be read on the Internet?
What can the Washington letters be seen in at the American Memory site?
Whose relationship with the university was an unexpected result?
What did Daniel Pitti add, ``the vision's an illusion to think 160 institutions 'll digitize everything out there _ about''?
What can the Washington letters be seen in their original form at?
What has the National Endowment for the Humanities supported throughout the country to make cultural resources available on the Internet?
Who wanted to come to campus to see the real thing?
What was Timothy Hoyer?
Who said, ``My dream is that you 'll slowly see a three-dimensional world emerge''?
What is pop culture and seminal ideas?
Who does it remind of the richness and diversity of American life?
What does a third show a CIA map of?
What are placed into categories like Arts, Entertainment, Transportation and War?
What have I consciously shied away from in truth?
What does the ninth image take on?
Who are first ladies?
Who is no expert on history CD-ROMs?
What is a viewer seeking more information about her given?
What are accompanied by crisp commentary?
How many additional exhibits are more than 1,000 additional images and three hours of full-screen video?
What did duck turn up nothing so?
How many parts and Three divide the 3,000 images on this CD-ROM along chronological and thematic lines?
What could you easily come away from the images and commentary on Vietnam with?
Who can also zoom in on the contents _ a good idea when reading an old letter or studying battlefield maps?
What do all contain?
Who is categorized under ``feminism''?
What do parts Two and Three divide the 3,000 images on this CD-ROM along?
What divide the 3,000 images on this CD-ROM along chronological and thematic lines?
What is these on that level?
What is it on that level?
What does part Five link the CD-ROM to?
What are all the images accompanied by?
What do these include?
What is these a stunning success on?
What demonstrate the ability of archivists to create a powerful sense of time and place through the creative use of primary sources?
What does not search the larger text?
What do all provide to be found in the Library of Congress ' fabulous special collections?
What are more than 1,000 additional images and three hours of full-screen video?
What does the search function not search?
What focuses on Apocalypse Now?
What veers down a slippery political road at certain times?
How many images on this CD-ROM do parts Two and Three divide along chronological and thematic lines?
What do I 'm certain from that there were at least two?
What do parts Two and Three divide along chronological and thematic lines?
What contains a series of multimedia exhibits created specifically for Eyes of the Nation?
Who has no idea?
What turned up nothing so my attempts to locate J. Edgar Hoover, Barry Goldwater and Donald?
What does another focus on?
What appear on the time line for War between 1970 and 1991?
Who has consciously shied away from them in truth?
What are the images placed into?
What does each category contain?
What is the ultimate anti-war film?
What does the commentary ignore that image in?
What reminds us of the richness and diversity of American life?
Who do the images follow a concise and beautifully crafted overview of the American experience by?
Who is eyes of the Nation billed as?
What are minor quibbles given the extraordinary scope and beauty of this project?
What may well revolutionize the way we teach history?
What does a third show?
What is confusing and incomplete?
What takes on the Persian Gulf war?
Who does one cover the shooting of?
What do I see as a frivolous assault on scholarly standards?
What does it not search?
What does one cover?
What does part Four contain?
Who does a wall represent the thousands of who were killed in the conflict?
What (has 19 additional exhibits? )
What turned up a single image?
What is a compendium of sights and sounds?
Who is a viewer seeking more information about Billie Jean King given the image of?
What did duck turn up so my attempts to locate J. Edgar Hoover, Barry Goldwater and Donald?
What could you easily come away from with the feeling that every single American deeply opposed the conflict?
Who is 95 and 98?
Who does these remind of the richness and diversity of American life?
Who do these exhibits demonstrate the ability of to create a powerful sense of time and place through the creative use of primary sources?
What may the CD-ROM well revolutionize?
What are these given the extraordinary scope and beauty of this project?
What does part Four contain a series of?
What contains a time line covering the course of American history?
What provide a glimpse of the treasures to be found in the Library of Congress ' fabulous special collections?
What do I have?
What include things like the step-by-step construction of the U. S. Capitol and the satirical cartoons of the Gilded Age?
What loses momentum after 1970?
What have I consciously shied away from them in?
What links the CD-ROM to the Library of Congress ' American Memory Web site?
What is it a stunning success on?
What is Power Macintosh?
What do I 'm certain from my own browsing that there were?
What shows a CIA map of South Vietnam?
What partly succeeds?
What do all provide a glimpse of to be found in the Library of Congress ' fabulous special collections?
What contain a written commentary?
Who is given the image of that noted athlete Bella Abzug?
What does part Five link to the Library of Congress ' American Memory Web site?
What can be individually retrieved?
What is billed as user-friendly?
What are these minor quibbles?
What is not meant to be a textbook?
What do all provide a glimpse of the treasures to be found in?
What could I find?
What can all the images be filed in?
What do these exhibits demonstrate?
What does the image show a wall of?
What is divided into five parts?
Who have I consciously shied away from in truth?
Who am I?
What does part Five provide?
What is Billie Jean King categorized under?
What does the project lose after 1970?
Who sees digital tools as a frivolous assault on scholarly standards?
What is these?
Whose liberation is feminism?
What is it?
What represents the thousands of Iraqis who were killed in the conflict?
What is apocalypse Now?
What do the images follow by the historian Alan Brinkley?
What is feminism?
What did my search for Dwight D. Eisenhower turn up?
Who 'mes certain from my own browsing that there were at least two?
Who is a viewer seeking more information about her given the image of?
What is a stunning success on that level?
What provides instant access to hundreds of thousands of historical documents?
When does the project lose momentum?
What is she categorized under?
What is women's liberation?
What is part Four?
What reminds student protesters at Kent State of the richness and diversity of American life?
What can the viewer also zoom in on?
What do nine images appear on?
What may well revolutionize the way history CD-ROMs teach history?
What do I see digital tools as?
What can be filed in portfolios created by users?
What do I 'm certain from my own browsing?
What is my favorite?
What is a viewer seeking more information about Billie Jean King given?
Who are Michael Jackson?
What is these a compendium of?
What does the project veer down at certain times?
What does the image show?
What can be printed?
What does it show a wall of?
How many additional images and three hours of full-screen video are 19 additional exhibits?
What covers the shooting of student protesters at Kent State?
What is celebration and protest?
What does the commentary ignore in favor of a diatribe against ``the military-industrial complex''?
What is the Eyes of the Nation CD-ROM divided into?
What shows a wall of death at the University of Rochester?
What ignores that image in favor of a diatribe against ``the military-industrial complex''?
What do the images follow a concise and beautifully crafted overview of by the historian Alan Brinkley?
What does it show?
What does these remind student protesters at Kent State of?
What is it a compendium of?
When does the project veer down a slippery political road?
What is the compendium of sights and sounds?
What can the viewer also enlarge?
What follow a concise and beautifully crafted overview of the American experience by the historian Alan Brinkley?
What are 19 additional exhibits?
Who could easily come away from the images and commentary on Vietnam with the feeling that every single American deeply opposed the conflict?
What does it remind us of?
What does a wall represent?
Who could find no match for Billie Jean King?
Who can also enlarge the image?
How many images appear on the time line for War between 1970 and 1991?
What did Ms. Campbell say there were on the Web site?
Who said it drew 132,000 unique visitors, or people who went to the site at least once, during February?
What like that will not be made available on the Internet?
How many unique visitors, or people who went to the site at least once, did a spokeswoman for Media Metrix say it drew during February?
Who said that the fellows for this year had been selected already?
What was World War I photographs one of?
Who did he speak of?
Who said, ``David Packard said he loved the idea of getting this information out''?
What are also being put online?
What is David Packard the co-founder of?
When did a spokeswoman for Media Metrix say the gateway drew 132,000 unique visitors, or people who went to the site at least once, ?
What does the program send 50 teachers to for a week each summer?
What does WASHINGTON _ In 1990, James Billington persuaded Congress to provide to start building a national library without walls?
What is it answered Robert Zich?
Who does the Edwards collection depict the likes of?
What did a spokeswoman for Media Metrix say drew 132,000 unique visitors, or people who went to the site at least once, during February?
Where does the program send 50 teachers for a week each summer?
Who left the collection to Emerson's daughter?
What does the Library of Congress plan to put other institutions ' materials on the American Memory site besides?
What trains them?
How many teachers does the program send to Washington for a week each summer?
Who directs a staff of 100 people?
Who said, ``make primary sources available in the classroom, ``They agree to spend six weeks on line before coming here''?
What is it really a way to whet the appetite?
Who is the co-founder of Hewlett-Packard?
Who was World War David Packard photographs one of?
What are maps, manuscripts, the papers of 23 presidents and photographs?
What did Whitman use Emerson's testimonial in?
Who is Robert Zich?
What did Ms. Campbell say there were now 1. 7 million items on?
What did Susan Veccia say?
When does WASHINGTON _?
Who does the army invoke?
What can be seen on the American Memory site?
Who donated it to the library?
When is 5 million by next year?
What does the program train?
What did Carl Sandburg donate it to?
What is available?
When does WASHINGTON _, James Billington persuaded Congress to provide the first $1 million to start building a national library without walls?
Who donated the collection to the library?
What was World War David Packard photographs one of?
What was Laura Campbell a Library of official?
What does the Library of Congress ' main government page provide?
What can the collection of early baseball cards be seen on?
Who contributed $3 million?
What is a complete set of Mark Twain available at just about?
Whose testimonial did Whitman use in advertising for later editions of his collection of poetry?
What was easy to navigate to a collection of World War I photographs showing a German zeppelin brought down in an English field?
What do books like that will not be made available on?
What was the army easy to navigate to a collection of World War David Packard photographs?
What are produced from 1887 to 1914?
What is really a way to whet the appetite answered Robert Zich?
Where can the collection of early baseball cards be seen?
What means that books will probably last longer?
Who is David Packard?
What provides access to every part of the federal government?
What depicts the likes of Ty Cobb, Cy Young, Connie Mack, Walter Johnson and Christy Mathewson?
Who is director of the library's National Digital Library?
What did the $13 million in donations give the Library of Congress such a jump start that it has reached?
Who does the entry add was not pleased?
What gave the Library of Congress such a jump start that it has reached its goal of raising $45 million for the project from the private sector?
What is everything you hold worthwhile at?
Who did Benjamin K. Edwards leave the collection to?
What is stored on a server at the library?
What plans to put other institutions ' materials on the American Memory site besides its own collection?
What is to have 5 million by next year?
What does the Library of Congress plan to put other institutions ' materials on besides its own collection?
What is the gateway to the collection stored on a server at?
What is the Library of Congress ' American Memory site?
Who clicked into World War David Packard material?
What did his daughter give to the poet Carl Sandburg?
What did Emerson's daughter give to the poet Carl Sandburg?
Who is Ms. Campbell?
What was Media Metrix?
What is the gateway to the collection the Library of site?
What were most of the cards distributed with?
Who said the gateway drew 132,000 unique visitors, or people who went to the site at least once, during February?
What does the fellowship pay for transportation to while here?
Who was World War I photographs one of?
Who said, ``then give a commitment to continue to work with us, ``They agree to spend six weeks on line before coming here''?
Who said, ``Billington's goal is to drive kids back to the libraries and reading books?''
What adds Emerson was not pleased?
Who said, ``then give a commitment to continue to work with teachers, ``They agree to spend six weeks on line before coming here''?
What does the Library of Congress plan to put on the American Memory site besides the fellowship's own collection?
What can get its material in the most unexpected ways?
Who gave the collection to the poet Carl Sandburg?
What does WASHINGTON _ In 1990, James Billington persuaded Congress to provide the first $1 million to start building a national library without?
What does the Library of Congress plan to put on the American Memory site besides its own collection?
What is the gateway to the collection?
Who did his daughter give it to?
What has the Library of Congress been notable for for most of its 200 years?
What do books like on?
What are the earliest movies and sound recordings?
Who does the program train?
What is to make available 80 million items from the Library of Congress ' collection that cannot be easily obtained elsewhere?
What did Ms. Veccia say?
What were the only media suitable to the task at that time?
What was it easy to navigate to a collection of World War I photographs?
What is also reduced when users go digital?
What did Whitman use in advertising for later editions of his collection of poetry?
What can only the hardest blows win against the enemy?
What were distributed with cigarettes?
What did the Library of Congress seek?
What was gathered by Benjamin K. Edwards?
What is everything David Packard hold worthwhile at?
What invokes the spirit of our forefathers?
Who gave $5 million?
When are 2,100 baseball cards produced from 1887?
Where does the fellowship pay for transportation while here?
Who is the gateway to the collection stored on at the library?
What did the Library of Congress see as the answer?
What did Ms. Campbell say on?
What can be obtained by then clicking on Educators ' Program?
What had evolved by 1994?
When does the program send 50 teachers to Washington?
What did Benjamin K. Edwards leave to his daughter?
What could have access to the material without traveling to Washington or even leaving home?
What has been notable for its collection of books for most of its 200 years?
What were ``the days before the Internet of course''?
What does the fellowship pay for to Washington and accommodations while here?
Who is James Billington?
What is Ms. Campbell director of?
What did the World Wide Web make easy for even casual computer users to gain access to information on the Internet?
What did the Library of Congress see it as?
What does David Packard know?
What has the Library of Congress begun?
What were the video disk and the CD-ROM at that time?
What does David Packard know something of?
What does WASHINGTON _ In 1990, James Billington persuaded Congress to provide the first $1 million to start building without walls?
What plans to put other institutions ' materials on the American Memory site besides the fellowship's own collection?
What has the Library of Congress been notable for its collection of books for?
How many items did Ms. Campbell say there were on the Web site?
What sends 50 teachers to Washington for a week each summer?
What does the Library of Congress plan to put other institutions ' materials on besides the fellowship's own collection?
What _ In 1990, James Billington persuaded Congress to provide the first $1 million to start building a national library without walls?
What does the Edwards collection depict?
What can the Library of Congress get its material in?
What is James Billington the librarian of?
How many baseball cards are produced from 1887 to 1914?
What was one of them?
Who said how much the Internet was simply being used to exchange e-mail messages?
Who was an Internet measurement company?
What saw it as the answer?
What was World War David Packard photographs?
Who knows something of computers?
What is emphasis on electronic media answered Robert Zich?
Who was the Library of Congress ' main government page?
What has begun a program to show teachers how to use its collection in their classrooms?
When are 2,100 baseball cards produced to 1914?
What does the army ask?
Who was Susan Veccia?
Who was project manager for the National Digital Library?
Who did a spokeswoman for Media Metrix say the gateway drew during February?
Who clicked into World War I material?
Who said, ``He said he loved the idea of getting this information out''?
Who spoke of the Librarian of Congress?
What even casual computer users to gain?
Who was a collection of early baseball cards gathered by?
Who is the program called?
What has the Library of Congress begun a program to show teachers in?
Who did Benjamin K. Edwards leave it to?
What did Carl Sandburg donate to the library?
Who did Robert Zich speak of?
What could people in other parts of the country have without traveling to Washington or even leaving home?
Who does the army invoke the spirit of?
Where does the Library of Congress plan to put other institutions ' materials besides its own collection?
What did Carl Sandburg donate the collection to?
What did Ms. Campbell say, ``David Packard said''?
How many unique visitors, or people who went to the site at least once, did a spokeswoman for Media Metrix say the gateway drew during February?
What did Ms. Veccia say here was not?
What has the shift from video disk and CD-ROM to the Internet also meant from?
What did Ms. Campbell say, ``He said''?
What is called American Memory Fellows?
What sought contributions to help put its holdings on line?
What did the W. K. Kellogg Foundation contribute?
Who is the librarian of Congress?
What can win against the enemy we are fighting?
What pays for transportation to Washington and accommodations while here?
Who said here was not a clear picture of how much of the Internet was being used in the classroom for educational purposes?
Where does the Library of Congress plan to put other institutions ' materials besides the fellowship's own collection?
Who did Emerson's daughter give the collection to?
What were used for both advertising and for stiffening the packages?
What was World War I photographs?
What has added $15 million?
What was Thomas?
What can only the hardest blows win against we are fighting?
Who said there were now 1. 7 million items on the Web site?
What is at stake?
What has Congress added?
What asks your unshrinking support?
Whose daughter did Benjamin K. Edwards leave the collection to?
Who to gain access to information on the Internet?
Who said, ``make primary sources available in the classroom, ``teachers agree to spend six weeks on line before coming here''?
What were those ``the days before of course''?
When were the only media suitable to the task the video disk and the CD-ROM?
What did Metromedia chairman John Kluge give?
What trains teachers?
Who left it to his daughter?
What is Robert Zich the director of?
What means that they will probably last longer?
What did the $13 million in donations give the Library of Congress?
Who was Laura Campbell?
What got 249,000 unique visitors that month?
What can be obtained by selecting the Learning Page on the American Memory home page?
Who did a spokeswoman for Media Metrix say it drew during February?
Who gave it to the poet Carl Sandburg?
What is emphasis on electronic media really a way to whet the appetite?
Who said, ``We 're not in the distribution business''?
Who used Emerson's testimonial in advertising for later editions of his collection of poetry?
What does less handling mean?
Who is available at just about every American library?
Whose daughter gave the collection to the poet Carl Sandburg?
Who does WASHINGTON _ In 1990, persuaded Congress to provide the first $1 million to start building a national library without walls?
Who was a Library of Congress official?
What does WASHINGTON _ In 1990, James Billington persuaded to provide the first $1 million to start building a national library without walls?
When were those ``before the Internet of course''?
When had the World Wide Web evolved?
What does Ms. Campbell direct?
What can the Library of Congress get in the most unexpected ways?
What is the library's bicentennial?
When did a spokeswoman for Media Metrix say it drew 132,000 unique visitors, or people who went to the site at least once, ?
What does Ms. Campbell direct a staff of?
Who can only the hardest blows win against the enemy are fighting?
What did the $13 million in donations give the Library of Congress such a jump start?
What made it easy for even casual computer users to gain access to information on the Internet?
What were those ``the days before the Internet of''?
Who does the program send to Washington for a week each summer?
Who is the director of the project's electronic programs?
What did a person skimming through the offerings the other day click into?
What did Benjamin K. Edwards leave to Emerson's daughter?
What was easy to navigate to a collection of World War David Packard photographs showing a German zeppelin brought down in an English field?
Whose owner at first demurred?
What was published in 1765 with the title ``Hermes, or a Philosophical Inquiry'' Concerning Universal Grammar?
What survived the flames?
Who called them ``treasures of our past''?''
Who described Jefferson's catalogue Wednesday as a ``universal collection'' that reflected the diverse interests ``of this universal man?''
Who had a direct connection to the Library of Congress?
What is particularly appreciated in the heart of Washington Redskins territory?
What did Jefferson have?
What did the War of 1812 end with in Ghent, Belgium?
Who made a foray into the intellectual world on Wednesday with a $1 million gift to honor Thomas Jefferson?
Who was an English scholar?
What did british invaders burn in 1814 during the War of 1812?
What is the Library of Congress now directly across?
What did Billington say: ``The generosity of this gift is''?
What did Jones speak at?
Whose books were purchased by Congress to be the core of the library after British invaders burned the Capitol in 1814 during the War of 1812?
What did WASHINGTON _ Jerry Jones make a foray into the intellectual world on Wednesday with?
When was the book published with the title ``Hermes, or a Philosophical Inquiry'' Concerning Universal Grammar?
What did Billington describe Jefferson's catalogue Wednesday as?''
What did Billington say: ``is also evoking sports imagery''?
What were purchased by Congress to be the core of the library after British invaders burned the Capitol in 1814 during the War of 1812?
Who called some of Jefferson's original books ``treasures of our past''?''
What did Jones and his wife give the money to the Library of Congress to replace volumes in?
Who spoke at a news conference in the ornate office of James Billington?
Who kicked off the library's plan to celebrate its 200th anniversary next year by giving Billington a duplicate of a grammar book purchased by Jefferson in 1785?
What did Jones say?''
When did british invaders burn the Capitol during the War of 1812?
Who was librarian of Congress?
As if on cue, whose love of horse racing and hunting did the library's expert on Jefferson step forward to speak about?
Who said that the author of the Declaration of Independence ``is an example to us all''?
What is it now digitizing to make them accessible on the Internet?
Who said ``the money's great to be on the team in this way''?
Who was James Harris?
What did Billington describe it Wednesday as?''
Who was curator Gerard Gawalt?
Who was WASHINGTON _ Jerry Jones?
What did Jones say ``the money's great to be on in this way''?
What did WASHINGTON _ Jerry Jones make into the intellectual world on Wednesday with a $1 million gift to honor Thomas Jefferson?
What was the Library of Congress first housed in?
What has a collection of more than 115 million items Orville and Wilbur Wright?
Who pointed to a display of some of Jefferson's original books?
What did Jefferson's catalogue survive?
What started in a faulty chimney flue in the Capitol?
Who was the book written by?
What were Thomas Jefferson's books purchased by to be the core of the library after British invaders burned the Capitol in 1814 during the War of 1812?
What is the music of George and Ira Gershwin and Leonard Bernstein?
What did the second fire start in?
What are among the items that the Library of Congress ' experts will be seeking?
What did WASHINGTON _ Jerry Jones make a foray into on Wednesday with a $1 million gift to honor Thomas Jefferson?
Who did Jefferson's catalogue enable to rebuild the collection?
Who said: ``The generosity of this gift is also evoking sports imagery''?
What did british invaders burn the Capitol in 1814 during?
Who said ``It's great to be on the team in this way''?
What was in 1851?
What is now directly across the street from the Capitol?
What was first housed in the Capitol?
Who was asked to compare himself with Jefferson?
What is the collection of more than 115 million items Orville and Wilbur Wright?
Who described it Wednesday as a ``universal collection'' that reflected the diverse interests ``of this universal man?''
What is sports imagery particularly appreciated in?
Whose owner at first said that the author of the Declaration of Independence ``is an example to us all''?
As if on cue, who stepped forward to speak about Jefferson's love of horse racing and hunting?
Who burned the Capitol in 1814 during the War of 1812?
Whose catalogue survived the flames?
Who said he wanted students learning about Jefferson ``to feel the roar of the crowd?''
As if on cue, what did the library's expert on Jefferson step forward to speak about?
When was the second fire?
What did the Cowboys ' owner at first say to?
What are a pamphlet on pomegranates and a book on pasta machines among?
Whose catalogue enabled curators to rebuild the collection?
What ended with a peace treaty signed Dec. 24 in Ghent, Belgium?
What were his books purchased by to be the core of the library after British invaders burned the Capitol in 1814 during the War of 1812?
When did WASHINGTON _ Jerry Jones make a foray into the intellectual world with a $1 million gift to honor Thomas Jefferson?
What did Jones say ``It's great to be on in this way''?
What enabled curators to rebuild the collection?
Who did Jones say wanted students learning about Jefferson ``to feel the roar of the crowd?''
Who was Jefferson?
What destroyed two-thirds of the collection?
What is now digitizing many of its collections to make them accessible on the Internet?
What does the Library of Congress have a collection of Orville and Wilbur Wright?
Who said, ``The fit between Mr. Jones and Mr. Jefferson is a lot closer than one would think at first glance''?
What did the second fire destroy two-thirds of?
What did Jones point to?
What is it now digitizing many of to make them accessible on the Internet?
What was written by James Harris?
What did the War of 1812 end with a peace treaty signed Dec. 24 in?
What did Jones say ``It's great to be on the team in''?
What is it particularly appreciated in?
Who was James Billington?
Whose wife was Gene?
What did Jones say ``on''?
What did the second fire destroy?
Who was Gene?
What does the Library of Congress have?
What is it now directly across?
Who was his wife?
Who demurred?
What did Jones say ``'s great to be on the team in this way''?
Who is the collection of more than 115 million items Orville and Wilbur Wright the music of?
Who was the flamboyant Dallas Cowboys owner best known in the rough and tumble worlds of sports and business?
What was the book published in 1765 with Concerning Universal Grammar?
Where did the War of 1812 end with a peace treaty signed Dec. 24?
Who was WASHINGTON _ Jerry Jones's wife?
Whose owner at first was asked to compare himself with Jefferson?
What did Jones say ``the money's great to be on the team in''?
What was James Billington librarian of?
What did Jefferson's catalogue enable curators to rebuild?
What does everything mean kept in the library's annex at 521 W. 43rd St.?
What are 20,000 of them cookbooks?
What did Jean Bowen then inform Coe in?
What did Andrew Coe follow up with?
What did representatives of the library agree to begin moving 17th- and 18th-century cookery volumes from to the rare book room on June 3?
Who was the library's president?
Who did Andrew Coe also mention that one volume had been lost from?
Who was Dr. Paul LeClerc?
Who did Andrew Coe also mention from?
Who said, ``Mr. Coe gave representatives of the library a very helpful list of rare books that are in the general collection''?
Who was the chairman of the group's cookbook committee?
What is N. J.?
Who said, ``If there are people using representatives of the library's collections, Andrew Coe 'm willing to listen?''
What are the 100,000 food-related books?
What are most stored in?
Who does NEW YORK _ Betty Fussell say often buys books rather than trying to use those in the New York Public Library?
What boasts the second-largest culinary collection in the country after the Library of Congress with some 100,000 food-related books?
What does everything mean the books kept in?
What do they have?
Whose five-volume ``L'Art 19th Siecle,'' published 145 years ago did he also mention from?
What are stored in the annex?
Who to be delivered?
What have protests over the inaccessibility and condition of the books spurred the library to make?
What decided that it was more efficient for the public to use annex materials at the main building at Fifth Avenue and 42nd Street?
What is exploring ways to allow the group to raise $100,000 for a curator to repair?
What did Coe write in that he was alarmed by ``the specter of fragile materials being shipped back and forth on the New Jersey Turnpike''?
What did he cite a copy of Le Maitre d'Hotel Francais as?
What did representatives of the library agree to begin moving from the annex to the rare book room on June 3?
What is expected to be completed in about two years?
What is to her and other food researchers?
What acknowleges the problems?
What are in the rare book room at the main library?
What will begin with ``Le Nouveau et Parfaict Cuisinier'' by Pierre de Lune?
Who are doing dissertations that are food related?
What's a great collection?
Who has the library also agreed to allow to do so soon in the rare book room?
Who then informed Coe that the collection would be cleaned and put in protective boxes, and transferred to a storage center with zones of temperature and humidity controls?
Who was Andrew Coe?
Who have had to request volumes at the main library?
What will they be delivered on?
What have protests over the inaccessibility and condition of the books spurred to make changes?
What is the library building in Princeton?
How many food-related books are 20,000 of protests over the inaccessibility and condition of the books cookbooks?
What will be more accessible at the rare book room?
What is security better at?
Who is NEW YORK _ Betty Fussell?
Where will the rest of the books eventually be sent?
What is better at Fifth Avenue and 42nd Street?
When to be delivered?
What did Coe write in his letter that he was alarmed by?
What did the library decide that it was more efficient for?
What do other volumes have?
Whose five-volume ``L'Art 19th Siecle,'' published 145 years ago did Andrew Coe also mention from?
Who offered his group's help?
Where is the library the center building?
What was Antoine Careme?
What are some of the older books in?
Who is a food writer best known for a book on the history of corn?
What are transferred there?
Who was the library's humanities director?
Who was a cookbook written in 1822 by Antoine Careme?
Who will be more accessible at the rare book room?
What did Coe write in his letter by?
Who will be delivered on request to Manhattan the next day?
What is the library's development office exploring?
What are 20,000 of protests over the inaccessibility and condition of the books cookbooks?
Who did he cite a copy of as examples?
Who wrote in his letter that he was alarmed by ``the specter of fragile materials being shipped back and forth on the New Jersey Turnpike''?
How many food-related books are 20,000 of them cookbooks?
Where is security better?
Who did he also mention from?
What have researchers had to request at the main library?
Who was the library's director of humanities?
When's a great collection?
What will they be more accessible at?
What does everything mean in?
Who said that the library's directors did not encourage special provisions for the culinary books?
What have spurred the library to make changes?
What was Andrew Coe the chairman of?
Whose five-volume ``L'Art 19th Siecle,'' published 145 years ago did he also mention that one volume had been lost from?
What is the center building in Princeton?
What does the library acknowleges?
What is the condition the books 're in often?
What will be delivered on request to Manhattan the next day?
What are no longer delivered between floors?
What have researchers had to request volumes at?
What did Andrew Coe cite a copy of Le Maitre d'Hotel Francais as?
What to be delivered?
Who did he also mention that one volume had been lost from?
What will volumes be more accessible at?
What does NEW YORK _ Betty Fussell say?
What are missing or misplaced?
When did representatives of the library agree to begin moving 17th- and 18th-century cookery volumes from the annex to the rare book room?
What did representatives of the library agree to begin moving 17th- and 18th-century cookery volumes from the annex to on June 3?
What is expected to take about a year?
What was closed to the public in the spring of 1994?
What was Jean Bowen the library's director of?
What did Coe say?
Who will the transfer begin with ``Le Nouveau et Parfaict Cuisinier'' by?
Who followed up with a letter to Dr. Paul LeClerc?
Who said, ``Mr. Coe gave us a very helpful list of rare books that are in the general collection''?
What is exploring ways to allow the group to raise $100,000 for a curator to restore materials?
What does the library boast the second-largest culinary collection in the country after the Library of Congress with?
What will the rest of the books eventually be sent to?
What did he offer?
What is finished?
What has the library also agreed to allow scholars wishing to consult works catalogued as ``V'' class to do so soon in?
What is often a disaster?
Who did Andrew Coe cite a copy of as examples?
What does NEW YORK _ Betty Fussell say she often buys rather than trying to use those in the New York Public Library?
Who was some of whose foldout illustrations are tattered or missing altogether?
What is the condition they 're in often?
Who said, ``If there are people using our collections, I 'm willing to listen?''
Who says she often buys books rather than trying to use those in the New York Public Library?
Who said, ``Everything is inaccessible''?
Who agreed to begin moving 17th- and 18th-century cookery volumes from the annex to the rare book room on June 3?
When have researchers had to wait for them to be delivered?
What does the history of corn's?
What does the library boast with some 100,000 food-related books?
Who said, ``If they have special concerns, I 'm willing to listen?''
What has also agreed to allow scholars wishing to consult works catalogued as ``V'' class to do so soon in the rare book room?
What does ``V'' class account for?
What have special concerns?
What have pages torn or missing?
What accounts for most of the culinary collections?
When is becoming more serious?
What did Coe say that the library's directors did not encourage?
Who cited a copy of Le Maitre d'Hotel Francais as examples?
What means the books kept in the library's annex at 521 W. 43rd St.?
What does it's?
What might not survive until the new center is finished?
Who also mentioned that one volume had been lost from Careme's five-volume ``L'Art 19th Siecle,'' published 145 years ago?
What are books no longer delivered between?
When was the annex closed to the public?
What is Princeton?
What is the library the center building in?
Who have special concerns?
Whose five-volume ``L'Art 19th Siecle,'' published 145 years ago did Andrew Coe also mention that one volume had been lost from?
What are many scholars doing?
What will eventually be sent to Princeton?
What will the transfer begin with by Pierre de Lune?
What was Le Maitre d'Hotel Francais?
Who have had to wait days for them to be delivered?
What will the books be delivered on?
Who is everything to?
What did the library decide for?
What will be moved?
Who was Ms. Bowen?
What was the annex closed to in the spring of 1994?
What did Andrew Coe cite as examples?
Who was Jean Bowen?
Who said, ``If there have special concerns, Andrew Coe 'm willing to listen?''
What did Andrew Coe offer?
What did he cite as examples?
What's easier to go to a shelf?
What has come up with a number of options to ease the strain?
What could increase shelf availability by as much as 33 percent?
What is it a dagger at?
What is a book in the throes of destruction in the world's greatest book collection?
What ought to be shelved by size?
What is it more than?
What are maps?
What books ought to be shelved by?
What do so many books sit on that a pair of size 11 loafers cannot navigate the tiny space remaining between the stacks?
What is the debate stirring?
What's easier to see exactly what's in the books?
What raises important questions about the human mind and the human spirit?
What should relieve some of the pressure _ but at a price?
What does it exist in?
Who's easier to go to a shelf?
What are books on computers collected at?
What is the world's greatest book collection dedicated above all to?
What is 460 in all _ growing by a year the book collection of the world's biggest library _ half the collection is in languages other than English?
What is the John Adams Building one of?
What are thousands of books?
What is the problem?
What is causing a problem that Britain _ can no longer avoid?
What is this crisis in the rarefied air of the Library of Congress simply a measure of?
What will the library open in Fort Meade in 14 months?
What would have a fixed place on a fixed shelf?
What is over whether books ought to be shelved by size?
What does the biggest debate on Capitol Hill celebrate?
What is the library?
What browses?
What is the biggest debate on Capitol Hill at the heart of the bibliophile's pastime?
Where will the Fort Meade space not be open to browsing, and any book?
What does it scream?
What is the John Adams Building?
What are even the people floating the idea not wild about truth in?
Who says, ``We get questions no one else can answer''?
What celebrates efficiency in a realm of human endeavor where the great harvests often come amid chaotic inefficiency?
What is _ quiet desperation taking to expand its shelf space in desperation?
What is a dagger at the heart of the bibliophile's pastime?
What could such a plan increase shelf availability by?
What may be to shelve the books by size?
What should Fort Meade relieve but at a price?
What need to keep some empty space at the end of the shelf in the anticipation that new works might be on the way?
What are even the people floating the idea not wild about in truth?
What does it celebrate?
What does Herman know the plan has?
What imposes neatness on the messy turmoil of the mind?
What does it impose neatness on?
What are the shelves?
Who are almost certainly going to be disappointed?
What 'd go in?
What are moving images?
What is the world's greatest book collection dedicated above to preservation?
What does it impose on the messy turmoil of the mind?
What do so many books sit on the floor that a pair of size 11 loafers cannot navigate remaining between the stacks?
Who is Steven Herman?
What has not gone away?
What is simply a measure of the explosion of information?
What will not be open to browsing, and any book that a researcher requests will not be available on Capitol Hill for half a day?
What does it raise important questions about?
What are not wild about truth in truth?
Who exists in real, physical space?
What exists in real, physical space?
Who 've only become greater?
What does it's easier to go to?
Where does the library maintain?
What would each book have a fixed place on?
What have howled in protest?
Who is the very idea of shelving books by size _ the notion of putting the big ones in one section of the library?
What sit on the floor that a pair of size 11 loafers cannot navigate the tiny space remaining between the stacks?
Who says, ``no get questions no one else can answer''?
What do no need to keep some empty space at the end of the shelf in?
What do no need to keep at the end of the shelf in the anticipation that new works might be on the way?
What will the library open a huge off-site storage space in in 14 months?
What is publications?
What does the John Adams Building exist in?
What are even the people floating the idea not wild about it in?
What are pamphlets?
What is growing by about 300,000 volumes a year the book collection of the world's biggest library _ half the collection is in languages other than English?
Who knows the plan has some disadvantages?
What is the biggest debate on Capitol Hill?
What do the books sit directly beneath?
What is the great surge in printed material causing?
What will open a huge off-site storage space in Fort Meade in 14 months?
What could such a plan increase by as much as 33 percent?
What 'll you see?
What is the biggest debate on Capitol Hill more than?
What does the biggest debate on Capitol Hill impose neatness on?
What is worth having?
What does Herman know?
What does the biggest debate on Capitol Hill impose on the messy turmoil of the mind?
What is occasioned?
What are not wild about it in truth?
What 've only become greater?
What do so many books sit on the floor between?
What are publications?
What is the back cover at a 45-degree angle and the spine under enormous strain?
What would convey some of the world's most sophisticated mathematical thought to damp oblivion?
What does the argument about shelving books by size raise important questions about?
What need to worry just where that new volume should rest?
What has a special library task force come up with?
Who is the chief of the collection-management division of the library?
What do no need to keep some empty space at in the anticipation that new works might be on the way?
Where will the Fort Meade space not be open to browsing, and any book that a researcher requests will not be available for half a day?
What does the John Adams Building's easier to go to?
What is awash in books?
What does it raise?
What would each book have on a fixed shelf?
What would a small leak from the sprinklers convey some of to damp oblivion?
What have the library's space problems?
What is this?
When will the library open a huge off-site storage space in Fort Meade?
What were thousands assembled crisply by?
What are photographs, posters, prints, and drawings?
Where do no need to keep some empty space in the anticipation that new works might be on the way?
What is it simply?
What are monographs?
What is more than that?
Who is the little ones somewhere else _?
What are newspapers?
What screams order in a world where learning only serves to underline the persistence of disorder?
What is this crisis in the rarefied air of the Library of Congress not?
What does Herman know has some disadvantages?
What is sophisticated temperature and humidity controls?
Where will the library open a huge off-site storage space in 14 months?
What is stirring unusual bitterness inside the ordinarily tranquil study carrels and stacks?
Unlike the budget deficit and the trade deficit what does not exist primarily in accounting ledgers?
What is the biggest debate on Capitol Hill a dagger at?
What do neither have?
What is the floor?
What is books?
What were assembled crisply by subject?
What is it at the heart of the bibliophile's pastime?
What is a threat to the greatest delight of the researcher?
What is causing a problem that many libraries _ from Harvard and Cornell to the national libraries of France?
What would a small leak from the sprinklers convey some of the world's most sophisticated mathematical thought to damp?
What does the biggest debate on Capitol Hill scream?
How many items do the ordinarily tranquil study carrels and stacks hold?
What is it?
What are the shelves thousands of?
Who's a lot easier to look up something on lighthouses?
What sit directly beneath the water spouts?
What is _ quiet desperation taking some significant steps to expand its shelf space in?
What is taking some significant steps to expand its shelf space in desperation?
What does the library maintain on?
What is not a testimony to the sloth of the library's 4,213 employees, nor a dramatic demonstration that the library's annual federal appropriation is too small?
What will the Fort Meade space not be open to browsing, and any book that a researcher requests will not be available on for half a day?
Who complains, ``neither 're running out of space''?
What is Steven Herman the chief of?
What do the ordinarily tranquil study carrels and stacks hold?
What is little better?
What are collected at the QA 76 section?
What's a lot easier to look up something on lighthouses?
Who 'd go in?
Who says, ``There are some very good arguments for continuing that''?
Unlike the budget deficit and the trade deficit what does this one not exist primarily in?
What is planning two delivery runs a day from its new state-of-the-art building?
What does the argument about shelving books by size raise?
What does the John Adams Building's easier to look up something on lighthouses?
What maintains on Capitol Hill?
Who is one of the three massive structures?
What is the library planning two delivery runs a day from?
What is modern security?
What is information?
What should Fort Meade relieve some of but at a price?
Who's easier to see exactly what's in the books?
What will the Fort Meade space not be open to that a researcher requests will not be available on Capitol Hill for half a day?
What is dedicated above all to preservation?
What will the Fort Meade space not be open to browsing, and any book on?
What is the biggest debate on Capitol Hill over by?
What does it's easier to look up something on lighthouses?
Who 'll see why?
What would a small leak from the sprinklers convey to damp oblivion?
Who complains, ``We 're running out of space''?
Who hold 115,506,000 items?
What is it simply a measure of?
When will the Fort Meade space not be open to browsing, and any book that a researcher requests will not be available on Capitol Hill?
What is this crisis in the rarefied air of the Library of Congress simply?
What will the King family lose interest in protecting the rest of the collection some historians say from?
What does the Library of Congress automatically get copies of?
What is the speech considered?
What sued CBS for copyright infringement when it included excerpts from King's famous speech during the 1963 March on Washington in 1996?
What is the deal subject to passing legislation appropriating money for the library to buy the King collection?
What has the Library of Congress reached to buy the slain civil rights leader's private papers for $20 million?
What do others defend?
What do some historians say the King papers that are being purchased are worth more for?
Who was Phillip Jones?
What will be used to maintain official documents like the SCLC papers that are still housed at the King Center?
What originally wanted the full $30 million?
When did the family sue CBS for copyright infringement when it included excerpts from King's famous speech March on Washington in 1996?
What is the price the Library of Congress has ever paid for a collection of papers?
What were donated to the library unlike the King papers?
When did the family sue CBS for copyright infringement when it included excerpts from King's famous speech during the 1963 March on Washington?
What did Sotheby's do?
Who 're first ones?
What do some researchers and students of the civil rights era question the historic value of?
What was Phillip Jones chairman of?
What automatically gets copies of books and manuscripts that are published in the United States?
When did the library purchase a collection was?
What were all donated to unlike the King papers?
What do sponsors of the House bill say hope to gain passage within the next few weeks?
What will remain there?
Who was chairman of Intellectual Properties Management?
Who defend the King family's right to earn money?
What does the Library of Congress automatically get?
When did the library purchase?
What is the library the Copyright Office of?
Who balked?
What is subject to Congress passing legislation appropriating money for the library to buy the King collection?
What did the library purchase was in 1930?
What has the Library of Congress long been a repository of?
What was that the most the library had ever paid for to date?
What is the library?
What was that the most had ever paid for a collection to date?
What do some historians say are worth more for their prestige value than their historical content?
Who denied the Kings ' claim?
Who question the historic value of the material?
What agreed to reduce the payment request to $20 million?
What is the speech considered one of?
Who was Gilbert Jonas one of for 30 years?
What is the price the largest amount of money the Library of Congress has ever paid for?
What was the most the library had ever paid for a collection to date?
What 're first ones?
What is made up of about 80,000 items?
What did a federal judge in Washington rule that the speech was in?
How many universities were not really interested in the material that now may be sold to the Library of Congress?
What do some historians say for?
What did both Stanford University and Emory enter into to buy some of the papers housed at the King Center in 1997?
What is the largest amount of money the Library of Congress has ever paid for a collection of papers?
What does the Library of Congress rarely spend?
What were all donated to the library unlike?
What will the King family lose interest in protecting the rest of the collection some historians say they fear from?
What will the King family transfer to the library under the agreement?
What 're really creating an image that was counter to his?
When do sponsors of the House bill say they hope to gain passage?
What does it automatically get?
When did both Stanford University and Emory enter into negotiations with the King family to buy some of the papers housed at the King Center?
What did the family sue CBS for during the 1963 March on Washington in 1996?
When do sponsors of the House bill say?
Where did the family sue CBS for copyright infringement when it included excerpts from King's famous speech during the 1963 March in 1996?
What does the King family retain?
What will the King family lose interest in protecting the rest of the collection some historians say they fear that should be removed from the King Center?
Who was one of the chief fund-raisers for the NAACP for 30 years?
What did the Senate pass such a measure by Friday?
Who headed the Southern Christian Leadership Conference?
What was valued at $30 million by Sotheby's at the request of the King family?
What are currently housed at the King Center?
What is considered one of the great pleas for racial harmony and justice?
What did last year rule that the speech was in?
What do sponsors of the House bill say they hope to gain within the next few weeks?
What has long been a repository of the papers or leaders and organizations of the African American civil rights movement?
What do they 're really creating?
What did a private appraisal?
Who say the King papers that are being purchased are worth more for their prestige value than their historical content?
What did both Stanford University and Emory enter into negotiations with the King family to buy in 1997?
What is the price the largest amount of money has ever paid for a collection of papers?
What did the family agree to reduce to $20 million?
What does the King family retain control of?
What did a federal judge in Washington deny?
Who do sponsors of the House bill say hope to gain passage within the next few weeks?
When was that the most the library had ever paid for a collection?
Who was an Atlanta company that oversees the King estate?
What did last year rule in?
What is the price the largest amount of the Library of Congress has ever paid for a collection of papers?
What was the collection valued at $30 million by at the request of the King family?
Who was Gilbert Jonas?
What is 1997 unclear like?
What does it automatically get copies of?
Who ruled that the speech was in the public domain?
What was that the most for to date?
What did the King family originally want?
What purchased a collection was in 1930?
What did the family agree to reduce the payment request to?
Who say they hope to gain passage within the next few weeks?
What entered into negotiations with the King family to buy some of the papers housed at the King Center in 1997?
What did a federal judge in Washington rule in?
What do some researchers and students of the civil rights era question?
What do they 're?
What was Intellectual Properties Management?
What are these papers currently housed at?
What were not really interested in the material that now may be sold to the Library of Congress?
What was the collection valued at by Sotheby's at the request of the King family?
Where are these papers currently housed?
What rarely spends money to acquire historic documents?
What is the price the largest amount of money for?
What is the collection made up of?
What did the family agree to take?
What agreed to take a $10 million tax deduction?
What is it unclear like?
Who 're really creating an image that was counter to his?
What was the collection valued at $30 million by Sotheby's at?
When ruled that the speech was in the public domain?
What did both Stanford University and Emory enter into negotiations with the King family to buy some of in 1997?
What did the family sue CBS for copyright infringement when it included excerpts from King's famous speech during the 1963 March on in 1996?
What were the two universities not really interested in?
What is the Copyright Office of the United States?
What passed such a measure by unanimous consent Friday?
What did King head?
What has the Library of Congress long been?
Whose claim did a federal judge in Washington deny?
What was that the library had ever paid for a collection to date?
What has the pending sale of King's papers again raised to many Americans of all races?
What do one of the chief fund-raisers for the NAACP for 30 years 're?
What do House Republicans and Democrats say that if federal funds are used to purchase the papers for $20 million, then the Library of Congress should own?
What did Gilbert Jonas say, ``I think this contradicts than''?
Who was at the Library of Congress?
Who say that if federal funds are used to purchase the papers for $20 million, then the Library of Congress should own the copyright of the collection?
Who did Jonas say he cannot think of?
What was Dr. King the founding president of?
What was Louise Cook former director of?
What did Coretta Scott King keep them at?
Whose house did Coretta Scott King keep 1977 at?
How many collections are two separate collections?
What did Cook say those papers were separated from?
Who is a historian at Emory University and King biographer?
What are the two collections?
Who said, ``we have allowed reasonable restrictions on a case-by-case basis on donations in the past''?
What would they have been considered as?
How many separate collections are the two collections?
What has a very significant historical value for our nation and for scholars?
Who are going to purchase or acquire the papers?
What would not comment directly about negotiations over the copyright?
What is it not just the commercialization of?
What did Cook say from?
Who was a senior member of the House Administration Committee?
What are historians equally worried about?
What was Rep. John Boehner a senior member of?
Who kept 1977 at Louise Cook's house?
What did Gilbert Jonas say, ``I think than''?
When did Cook say ``I am gravely concerned''?
When has a very significant historical value for the two collections's nation and for scholars?
What would partial copyright control result in if the papers are used in a commercial fashion?
What did Louise Cook say from?
Who said, ``The library traditionally makes an effort to retain certain rights when we obtain a collection''?
What would result in lucrative royalty fees if the papers are used in a commercial fashion?
What would include copyright control on literary works of noted authors and historical figures?
Who was Jill Brett?
What was Brett at?
What did Louise Cook say include documents from King's involvement with the Southern Christian Leadership Conference?
What does David Garrow agree with?
When did Coretta Scott King keep at Louise Cook's house?
Who was the Rev. Martin Luther King Jr.'s son?
What did Brett say as?
Who was public affairs officer at the Library of Congress?
What did Coretta Scott King keep 1977 at?
What did Jill Brett say?
What are they?
Who said ``I am gravely concerned about the future of the SCLC collection''?
Who is David Garrow?
What did Louise Cook say the papers that Congress wants to buy include documents from?
Who was Louise Cook?
Who did Cook say ``am gravely concerned about the future of the SCLC collection''?
What is it not just?
Who did Coretta Scott King keep at her house?
What is the civil rights movement not just the commercialization of?
Who said those papers were separated from another collection of SCLC papers donated to the King Center in 1977?
Who said a statement by Dexter Scott King on Oct. 27 still stands?
Who was Robert Vickers?
Who kept them at her house?
Who was Dexter Scott King?
Who said?
Who said that the other papers had not been considered as part of the negotiations?
What is the authorization stalled in over the copyright issue and over a sense among members that the papers should be donated?
What would be purchased, not donated?
What passed such a measure?
What is stalled in the House over the copyright issue and over a sense among members that the papers should be donated?
Who said that 99 percent of then the Library of Congress's collection is donated?
What did Robert Vickers say still stands?
Who was the founding president of SCLC?
Whose the son was Dexter Scott King?
Who agree?
What did Cook say were separated from another collection of SCLC papers donated to the King Center in 1977?
Who was former director of the King Library's archives and museum in Atlanta?
Who would have been considered as one?
Who said, ``I do not know a president or any national figure who has not donated their papers''?
What has the King family expressed?
What would have been considered as one?
What would the King family not comment directly about?
What contain similar documents?
What are two separate collections?
What did Robert Vickers say?
Who was a family spokesman?
What would reasonable restrictions include on literary works of noted authors and historical figures?
What is the authorization stalled in the House over the copyright issue and over a sense among members?
What would royalties for the use of the King papers go to the King family under?
What would go to the King family under such an agreement?
What has expressed an interest in retaining at least partial copyright control?
What was Rep. John Boehner?
Who was Gilbert Jonas?
What do House Republicans and Democrats say for?
Who said, ``I think this contradicts directly what Dr. King stood for and believed in: that there are more important things than material wealth''?
What would reasonable restrictions include copyright control on?
What did Cook leave the King Center in 1987 over charging fees to use the papers?
When did Cook say ?
What would royalties for the use of the King papers go to under such an agreement?
What is different because the collection would be purchased, not donated?
Whose involvement with the Southern Christian Leadership Conference did Louise Cook say the papers that Congress wants to buy include documents from?
What did Coretta Scott King keep at her house?
What did the Senate pass?
Whose assessment does David Garrow agree with?
What is not just the commercialization of the King legacy that has prompted concern?
How many collections would have been considered as one?
What is the civil rights movement not just?
What did Jill Brett say that the library accepts?
What has jurisdiction over the Library of Congress?
Whose involvement with the Southern Christian Leadership Conference did Louise Cook say from?
Who said he cannot think of any members of the civil rights movement who sold their papers to the Library of Congress or other institution?
What does the House Administration Committee have?
What do both collections contain?
Who agrees with Cook's assessment?
Who did Jonas say of?
How many separate collections are they?
Who was Dr. King?
What did Brett say that the other papers had not been considered as?
Who said that the library accepts donor requests for copyright control in certain circumstances?
Who was a chief NAACP fund-raiser for 30 years who donated his own papers to the Library of Congress?
Who did Jonas say cannot think of any members of the civil rights movement who sold their papers to the Library of Congress or other institution?
What would the two collections have been considered as?
Who said that 99 percent of its collection is donated?
Who said the papers that Congress wants to buy include documents from King's involvement with the Southern Christian Leadership Conference?
Who are two separate collections?
What did Louise Cook say the papers that Congress wants to buy include from King's involvement with the Southern Christian Leadership Conference?
Who are equally worried about the collection that will be left behind at the King Center in Atlanta?
What stands alone as a meticulously documented exploration into the African American experience from colonization, slavery and abolition to the explosion of black arts in the 20th century?
What may yah have?
What do much of our most fashionable non-techie slanguage _ the kind that eventually makes it into Webster's Dictionary _ hails from?
When is it not necessarily grounded?
What is the kids page?
What is black America?
Who do not stop to think often enough?
When is a great place for the younger set? not necessarily grounded?
What does a national register of historic sites relating to the civil rights movement? include a clickable itinerary map of the United States for?
Who 've provided a starter list of sites documenting the black American journey?
What do a primer on from 1920 to 1930?
What does it offer in addition to a history section with a huge library and a variety of search options?
Who are related sites?
What here is not in history past tense?
What is created for Black History Month 1999?
What \/ front\/0,1156,1-4818,00?
What is links to related sites?
What are quizzes, polls and smart, informative articles that avoid pandering to any particular age group?
What does it stand alone as a meticulously documented exploration into the African American experience from to the explosion of black arts in the 20th century?
What offers African American genealogy resources?
What does _ &ur;?
Who remember these things?
What does it include for those who want to relive the journey?
When is the timeline created?
Who does this timeline wrap up with?
What do just step out?
When did a site with information on African American Emancipation Day celebrate on?
What's where Black History Month comes in?
What are a guide to celebrations?
What does this Library of Congress research resource accompany?
What are artists?
What do much of our most fashionable non-techie slanguage _ from?
What has opened the door to new ways of researching the cultural contributions of African Americans?
What's a fun and valuable online community resource?
Who stop to think?
What does a great place for the younger set?'s?
What are literature links?
When does this timeline begin with events leading up to African colonization and slavery?
What does it include a clickable itinerary map of for those who want to relive the journey?
What are african American genealogy resources?
What is this together?
What is Museum?
What does this offer extensive links to Afrocentric articles on business, entertainment and cultural events in?
What step out the front door?
What has the Internet opened the door to?
What do we 've provided?
What does it stand alone as a meticulously documented exploration into from colonization, slavery and abolition to the explosion of black arts in the 20th century?
What do we 've provided a starter list of?
What saxophone?
What did _ &ur; We?
What does this offer in addition to a history section with a huge library and a variety of search options?
Who may have an unwieldy URL?
What accompanies its African American collections?
Who \/ black\/bhist?
What includes a clickable itinerary map of the United States for those who want to relive the journey?
What does the easy-to-access design offer?
What celebrated on June 19,1865?
What are everyday fashion statements such as baggy jeans, flashy boxers and big, fat sneakers?
What has the Internet opened to new ways of researching the cultural contributions of African Americans?
What does _ &UR; African American Timeline &lr;?
What is a kids page?
What is a good site for parents and kids to cruise together?
What begins in 1527 with events leading up to African colonization and slavery?
What does it's?
What is news?
What is grounded in African American music forms?
What &UR; The International Black Index Source Directory &LR;?
What classifieds?
What primer on the genesis of literature and fine arts in Harlem from 1920 to 1930?
What may it have?
What does this timeline begin in 1527 with?
What _ the kind that eventually makes it into Webster's Dictionary _ hails from black America?
What does a national register of historic sites relating to the civil rights movement? include a clickable itinerary map of for those who want to relive the journey?
What &UR; The African American Mosaic &LR;?
Who did _ &ur; We &LR;?
Who wraps up with 1997's Million Women March?
What does it offer extensive links to Afrocentric articles on business, entertainment and cultural events in?
What does this Library of Congress research resource stand alone as a meticulously documented exploration into the African American experience from colonization, slavery and abolition to?
What &UR; The Harlem Renaissance &LR;?
What is not necessarily grounded in the past?
Who goes?
What are news and career resources?
What &LR;?
What does a national register of historic sites relating to the civil rights movement? include for those who want to relive the journey?
What is not old Europe?
What's because the Internet has opened the door to new ways of researching the cultural contributions of African Americans?
What do much of our most fashionable non-techie slanguage _ hails from black America?
What are chats and Web events?
What &UR; We Shall Overcome &LR;?
What is the poetry section?
What does it include a clickable itinerary map of the United States for?
What was African American Emancipation Day?
What may have an unwieldy URL?
Who are including Langston Hughes, Zora Neale Hurston and Paul Robeson?
Who did _ &ur; Shall Overcome &LR;?
What do we remember?
What does it stand alone as a meticulously documented exploration into the African American experience from colonization, slavery and abolition to?
What is every mode of pop music grounded in?
When do a primer on the genesis of literature and fine arts in Harlem?
When was first?
What are direct lifts from hip-hop couture?
What is the focus here not in tense?
When did Ann Okerson say: ``, it is unlikely that a single institution could create such complicated systems independently of other key players''?
What does the library have?
What did &QL; &ql;?
Who are the original compositions of Leonard Bernstein and the video archives of the Martha Graham Dance Company?
What was James O'Donnell vice provost of at the University of Pennsylvania and chairman of the committee that produced the National Academy's report?
What are a few other pieces of the digital puzzle falling into?
When's Internet?
Who was Ann Okerson?
How many its online physics journals will the American Physical Society regularly deposit?
What is the report a set of only?
What will the library have placed 5 million of on its American Memory site by the end of this year?
What did Davenport say the library applies the same criteria to that it applies to physical material?
What has an extensive collection of CDs and CD-ROMs?
What will regularly deposit the Library of Congress's eight online physics journals?
What is the most comprehensive overview to date of the Library of Congress ' digital preparedness?
What has fallen behind in collecting?
What was Ore.?
What will have placed 5 million of its 119 million items on its American Memory site by the end of this year?
What did Billington say is financing?
What are falling into place?
What did James H. Billington point out that a Digital Futures group within the library is already at?
What did the committee say it saw?''
Who was James O'Donnell?
How many the Library of Congress's online physics journals will the American Physical Society regularly deposit?
What did the library urgently needs a sophisticated system for receiving and managing digital documents deposit with?
What is a set of recommendations only?
When's?
What are Lincoln's papers and historic pamphlets?
What did the committee express over the library's ongoing efforts to make digital copies of items in the Library of Congress's physical collection?
When are more than 4 million hits the day?
What did Davenport say the library applies to digital material that it applies to physical material?
Who said one of the main obstacles to carrying out the report's recommendations is financing?
What will the library have placed 5 million of its 119 million items on its American Memory site by?
Who is the library also referring to databases that serve as portals to specialized sources of online information?
What could you do then?
What did James H. Billington say he was encouraged by?
What are the Library of Congress and other research libraries wrestling with?
What asked for a $21 million increase for digital archiving in one of the main obstacles to carrying out the report's recommendations's 2001 budget request?
What said the library applies the same criteria to digital material that it applies to physical material?
What does the report bring a renewed sense of urgency to?
What is charged with collecting the creative work of the American people?
When does it keep increasing?
What gets more than 4 million hits each day from schoolchildren who go there to view artifacts like old baseball cards from the National American Woman Suffrage Association?
Who said, ``Still, the rapid clip at which digital information of all kinds is proliferating has caught the Library of Congress largely unprepared''?
What does the nation's creativity now extend to Web?
What do you keep the mission of what it has been?
What is digital material actually more vulnerable than?
What did Billington say is looking into a number of preservation methods?
When 'll that still be there?
Who accepts that the Internet should also be collected?
What does the site get more than 4 million hits each day from schoolchildren who go there to view artifacts like old baseball cards from?
What also emphasized the need for the library to collaborate with other national libraries and institutions?
What does today's?
What did Billington say the library is looking into?
What included outside experts in digital libraries, databases, computer networking and digital preservation?
What is the report only?
What will regularly deposit its eight online physics journals?
Unless its administrators act swiftly what will risk diminishing relevance?
What are most of five years?
Who was a committee member who is associate university librarian at Yale University?
What keeps increasing at astonishing rates?
Who keeps the mission of the library what it has been?
What did the library ask for in its 2001 budget request?
What did the library ask for in one of the main obstacles to carrying out the report's recommendations's 2001 budget request?
What say, ` We applaud that, but now this's time to jump in? '
What did James H. Billington say by?
When does the sheer quantity of networked information keep increasing?
What did Davenport say applies the same criteria to digital material that it applies to physical material?
What is limited?
Who say, ` We applaud that, but now it's time to jump in? '
Who accept that the Internet should also be collected?
What are wrestling with the problem of finding an effective means of preserving it?
What brings a renewed sense of urgency to the situation?
What will the library have placed 5 million of its 119 million items on by the end of this year?
What also needs to recruit?
What does the library have an extensive collection of?
What are old baseball cards?
What now extends to Web sites, electronic journals and magazines, and CD-ROMs of every sort?
What do you keep?
What will the American Physical Society regularly deposit?
Who was vice provost of information systems and computing at the University of Pennsylvania and chairman of the committee that produced the National Academy's report?
What stated?
What is about to sign an agreement with the American Physical Society?
What did James H. Billington point out at?
Who commissioned the study two years ago?
What did the report also emphasize to collaborate with other national libraries and institutions?
Who said, ``We say, ` If you would have been selecting it in physical form, then select it''?
What did the librarian of Congress commission two years ago?
What is actually more vulnerable than its acid-free-paper counterparts?
What will the library have placed on its American Memory site by the end of this year?
Unless the Library of Congress's administrators act swiftly what will the library risk diminishing?
Who pondered some fundamental questions?
What did the committee say?''
What asked for a $21 million increase for digital archiving in its 2001 budget request?
What is inadequate infrastructure?
What are the Wright brothers?
What are more than 4 million hits the day?
Who was the librarian of Congress?
What do you accept?
What has the library preserved many of its digital resources for?
What does that go for?
How many hits the day are most of them?
What deposited with the library?
What has the library preserved for legislative information and its own bibliographic databases?
What can you manage by asking: ` What's there a need for?
What did Davenport say the library applies the same criteria to digital material to?
What constitutes a publication?
What were foundations and individual donors?
What has the library preserved many of for legislative information and its own bibliographic databases?
Who said, James H. Billington think digital documents 've done a worthy job of thinking their way through some pilots? '
Who could do it then?
What do digital documents say, ` We applaud? '
What did he point out at?
What pose yet another preservation problem because keeping an electronic research paper vital and relevant means keeping its links alive?
What also retain computer experts from a field already suffering a labor shortage?
How many hits each day does the site get from schoolchildren who go there to view artifacts like old baseball cards from the National American Woman Suffrage Association?
What was Portland?
What is the 260-page report?
What does what constitute?
Who said, I think they 've done a worthy job of thinking their way through some pilots? '
Who do the library also retain?
What do James H. Billington accept?
What expressed less concern over the library's ongoing efforts to make digital copies of items in its physical collection?
What did Billington say, ``A major unresolved issue is''?
What are one answer?
Who said, ``five years say, ` If James H. Billington would have been selecting Davenport in physical form, then select it''?
Who can manage that by asking: ` What's there a need for?
What is also referring researchers to databases that serve as portals to specialized sources of online information?
What does the report bring a renewed sense of to the situation?
Who did the committee include?
What did he point out that a Digital Futures group within the library is already at?
What did committee members ponder?
Who does the site get more than 4 million hits each day from from the National American Woman Suffrage Association?
Who said, ``we now have a strong reinforcement for doing something on it at a more accelerated rate''?
What has fallen behind in archiving that digital material?
What did O'Donnell say, I think? '
What were corporations?
What did the report also emphasize the need for the library to collaborate with?
What are more than 4 million hits the day most of?
What do web-based documents that are filled with links pose yet because keeping an electronic research paper vital and relevant means keeping its links alive?
What did the library ask for a $21 million increase for digital archiving in?
Who would have been selecting Davenport in physical form?
Who are more than 4 million hits the day most of?
What goes for the Library of Congress or any other large library or organization?
What did Davenport say the library applies the same criteria to digital material that it applies to?
What is the library also referring researchers to?
What was James H. Billington the librarian of?
What 'll still be there in five years?
Who was James H. Billington?
Who said, ``The nation's creativity is at this point significantly represented by what's happening electronically''?
What is astonishing?
What has preserved many of its digital resources for legislative information and its own bibliographic databases?
Who said the library is looking into a number of preservation methods?
Who said in an interview, ``We view it as extremely positive that they are stressing the importance of this''?
Who said, ``We 've seen that this is a problem''?
What is not required to act on recommendations?
What is one problem?
What did Billington say into?
What did he say, ``We 've seen''?
Who said he was encouraged by the committee's findings?
Where will the library have placed 5 million of its 119 million items by the end of this year?
What are most of them?
What did the library embark on?
What does the report bring to the situation?
Unless the Library of Congress's administrators act swiftly what will risk diminishing relevance?
What did Billington say?
What did the committee express less concern over?
Unless its administrators act swiftly what will the library risk diminishing?
What did Billington say in, ``We view it as extremely positive that they are stressing the importance of this''?
How many hits the day are most of five years?
What is not required to act on them?
What do we say, ` We applaud? '
When are more than 4 million hits the day most?
Who pointed out that a Digital Futures group within the library is already at work on many of the problems pinpointed by the National Academy report?
What embarked on the National Digital Library Program?
What is because computer hardware and software quickly become obsolete, and the durability of magnetic storage media like tapes and disks is limited?
When 'll it still be there?
What is probably lost forever?
Who said, ``A major unresolved issue is how to fund this effort''?
What expressed less concern over the library's ongoing efforts to make digital copies of items in the Library of Congress's physical collection?
Who would have been selecting it in physical form?
What is not enough?
What did O'Donnell say, James H. Billington think? '
What will the actual increase probably fall far short of?
What are &QL; &QL; &QL; nn Private partnerships?
What does the site get from schoolchildren who go there to view artifacts like old baseball cards from the National American Woman Suffrage Association?
What will probably fall far short of that?
Who does the library also need to?
What did the committee express over the library's ongoing efforts to make digital copies of items in its physical collection?
Who did James H. Billington say was encouraged by the committee's findings?
What are duties few: Give at the start of the laureate's tenure?
Who is poet laureate paid about $300 a year and a cask of white wine like?
Who was a Hawaii Democrat?
What was Ben Jonson?
Who have been John Dryden, William Wordsworth, and Alfred Tennyson?
Who is appointed by the king or queen?
What are duties few: Give a reading at?
What has Pinsky kept up?
Who is up to the job?
Naturally, who does not intend to be _ how shall I phrase it?
When did the US poet laureateship begin as the position of consultant in poetry to the Library of Congress?
Naturally, who do not intend to be _ how shall I phrase nobody?
Who is paid about $300 a year and a cask of white wine like his predecessors?
What was Senator Spark Matsunaga?
What has led some to question whether a nonagenarian like Kunitz is up to the job?
Who has been?
What has speaking schedule led some to question to?
Who is the official court poet appointed by?
Who has kept up a particularly energetic travel and speaking schedule?
Where are duties few: deliver an essay?
Who was the first?
Who began in 1937 as the position of consultant in poetry to the Library of Congress?
What are duties few: deliver an essay at?
What does the job pay?
What are duties few: help organize?
When did Senator Spark Matsunaga add the title ``poet laureate''?
Who is the current British laureate?
What are few: Give a reading at the start of the laureate's tenure?
What are duties few: deliver at the end?
Who is he paid about $300 a year and a cask of white wine like?
What is British: an official court poet?
Who is Andrew Motion?
What did the US poet laureateship begin in 1937 as to the Library of Congress?
Who added the title ``poet laureate'' in 1986?
Naturally, what do Senator Spark Matsunaga not intend to be _?
What is he paid like his predecessors?
What is poet laureate paid like his predecessors?
What has speaking schedule led to question whether a nonagenarian like Kunitz is up to the job?
Who is the concept of poet laureate British:?
Naturally, what do I not intend to be _?
What are few: deliver an essay at the end?
Who said, ``which has led some to question whether a nonagenarian like Kunitz is up to the job was a remarkable performance''?
What is a nonagenarian like Kunitz up to?
What did the US poet laureateship begin in 1937 as the position of consultant in poetry to?
What are few: help organize the library's literary programs?
Who have other notable poet laureates been?
Who said, ``It was a remarkable performance''?
What did Senator Spark Matsunaga add in 1986?
What pays $35,000?
What gathered here today for the opening ceremony of the first China-United States Library Conference?
What is the Chinese American Librarians Association?
What did BEIJING-- About 100 librarians and information science specialists from China and the United States gather here today for?
What is the conference sponsored by on Libraries and Information Science?
What was August 21?
What do the organizers say they believe?
Who said the three-day conference is expected to promote co-operation and technology and information exchanges between the two countries ' libraries?
Who will discuss national and global information infrastructure, information technology, and book and copyright protection?
What will participants discuss?
What did an organizer say is expected to promote co-operation and technology and information exchanges between the two countries ' libraries?
What do the organizers say?
What is the American Library Association?
When was BEIJING?
What did Schwartz question is presenting knowledge?
What did he question the effectiveness of Internet int is presenting?
What is June 16-- Libraries?
What is a foregone conclusion that the Internet will become the infrastructure for a global digital library?
What is the effectiveness of Internet int?
What was the representation of the topics on the Internet inferior to that in the three libraries in?
What was inferior to that in the three libraries in each case?
Who questioned the effectiveness of Internet int is presenting knowledge?
What cannot always trust the information provided by vested interests?
Who added many Internet sites are profit-oriented?
What did he question is presenting knowledge?
Who said, ``the Internet has become common practice to turn to the Internet as a convenient source of information''?
What did Schwartz add are profit-oriented?
When is JERUSALEM?
What is still years away from happening?
Who said, ``The Internet has opened up a treasure of information for researchers and seekers of knowledge throughout the world''?
What did Schwartz question the effectiveness of Internet int is presenting?
What was the representation of the topics on the Internet inferior to in each case?
What is it?
What did Schwartz question?
What can the representation of the topics on the Internet not always trust?
What did he question?
What can one not always trust?
Who said, ``it has become common practice to turn to the Internet as a convenient source of information''?
What did he add are profit-oriented?
What indicates that the book was a gift from the 13th Dalai Lama?
Who is a unique type of Tibetan book wrapped in fine silk?
What is the Beijing Library?
Who note that a large number of ancient Tibetan books can be found in numerous foreign countries and regions?
What did Meinheit present a detailed paper and report to to the 1997 Beijing Seminar on Tibetan Studies which opened yesterday in Beijing?
What did Laufer sell to the library?
Who was U. S. envoy to China in 1905?
Who noted that two Americans were also major contributors to the library?
What did Meinheit present a detailed paper and report to the library's Tibetan collection to?
What is the oldest and most detailed publication of example's kind?
What did Laufer sell to the Chien-lung Palace Edition of the Mahayana Sutra which was printed in rare red ink?
Who was William Rockwill?
What does the Beijing Library currently house a collection of?
What noted today that the facility houses a collection of some 7,700 precious Tibetan books?
What do scholars with the Beijing Library note that a large number of ancient Tibetan books can be found in?
How many precious Tibetan books were brought to the country by western diplomats and explorers?
What did Meinheit present to the library's Tibetan collection to the 1997 Beijing Seminar on Tibetan Studies which opened yesterday in Beijing?
What is the oldest and most detailed publication of its kind?
What was August 21-- Susan Meinheit?
What is housed in London's Museum of Great Britain for example?
What did BEIJING note today that the facility houses?
What is a unique volume of the ancient Tibetan Medical Dictionary housed in London's Museum of Great Britain for?
What is the ancient Tibetan Medical Dictionary?
When was BEIJING?
What must chinese scholars visit?
Who were the 7,700 precious Tibetan books brought to the country by?
Who must visit the museum to read, microfilm or copy the original?
Who noted that William Rockwill presented the library with 65 volumes of original Tibetan books?
What did she note with?
What did Laufer sell to the library the Chien-lung Palace Edition of which was printed in rare red ink?
Who sold to the library the Chien-lung Palace Edition of the Mahayana Sutra which was printed in rare red ink?
What do scholars with the Beijing Library note in?
What is a unique volume of the ancient Tibetan Medical Dictionary housed in for example?
What is the ancient Tibetan Medical Dictionary the oldest and most detailed publication of?
What is China's largest library?
What did she note that William Rockwill presented the library with?
What were brought to the country by western diplomats and explorers?
What did she note that William Rockwill presented with 65 volumes of original Tibetan books?
What currently houses a collection of 3,500 volumes of ancient Tibetan manuscripts, and 1,500 Tibetan studies books published since 1949?
Who was Susan Meinheit?
What is ``Changtiao Shu'' a unique type of wrapped in fine silk?
What did BEIJING note today that the facility houses a collection of?
Where did Meinheit present a detailed paper and report to the library's Tibetan collection?
What did BEIJING note today?
What did Meinheit note?
What does ``Changtiao Shu'' consist of?
Who was librarian at the U. S. Library of Congress?
What does a handwritten note from Rockwill indicate that the book was?
Who consists of unbound xylographic pages in wooden covers?
When did BEIJING note that the facility houses a collection of some 7,700 precious Tibetan books?
What does the Beijing Library currently house?
What does a handwritten note from Rockwill indicate?
Where is a unique volume of the ancient Tibetan Medical Dictionary housed for example?
Who presented a detailed paper and report to the library's Tibetan collection to the 1997 Beijing Seminar on Tibetan Studies which opened yesterday in Beijing?
What did Susan Meinheit note with?
What did Susan Meinheit note that William Rockwill presented with 65 volumes of original Tibetan books?
What did Susan Meinheit note that William Rockwill presented the library with?
Who did Meinheit note that two Americans were?
What were the 7,700 precious Tibetan books brought to by western diplomats and explorers?
What is ``Changtiao Shu''?
