What do Health insurers in the past have that also is changing as insurers realize?
What did Dr. David Spiegel say he was not surprised by?
What do insurers realize they can save?
What suggested that Americans spent dlrs 14 billion yearly on alternative care, much of it out of their own pockets?
What unconventional treatment might call for exercise or chiropractic or acupuncture for back pain for?
Who said, ``There has been sort of a sea change''?
What did researchers say with millions of Americans visiting alternative practitioners yearly, educators whose job is to prepare doctors of the future have?
What did an AMA poll of the same schools find?
What might the traditional approach be?
What do Health insurers in the past have for?
What did a survey find CHICAGO _ Almost two-thirds of traditional U. S. medical schools now teach?
What was the survey of the nation's 125 medical schools published in?
What was conducted last fall?
What was Dr. David Spiegel medical director of at Stanford University Medical Center?
What found CHICAGO _ Almost two-thirds of traditional U. S. medical schools now teach alternative therapies?
What did a 1993 survey suggest that Americans spent on alternative care, much of it out of their own pockets?
What have that also is changing as insurers realize they can save money?
What have refused to pay for alternative therapies?
When was the survey conducted?
What did a 1993 survey suggest on?
What do Health insurers in the past have?
Who was a curriculum coordinator at Harvard Medical School?
Who did researchers say with millions of Americans visiting alternative practitioners yearly, have no choice but to ``respond to this relentless challenge to evolve''?
What might be surgery?
What did a survey find _ Almost two-thirds of traditional U. S. medical schools now teach alternative therapies?
Who was Dr. David Spiegel?
What do insurers realize?
Who said he was not surprised by the survey's findings?
What did a 1993 survey suggest that Americans spent dlrs 14 billion yearly on out of their own pockets?
What did a survey find CHICAGO _ Almost now teach alternative therapies?
Who was medical director of the Complementary Medicine Clinic at Stanford University Medical Center?
What do insurers realize can save money?
Who was lead author Miriam S. Wetzel?
Who did Dr. David Spiegel say was not surprised by the survey's findings?
Who do insurers realize can save money?
Who said, ``That's an extraordinary rise for a very traditional and conservative area''?
What was published in Wednesday's Journal of the American Medical Association?
What do Health insurers in the past have refused to pay for?
What might call for exercise or chiropractic or acupuncture for back pain for example?
What did Dr. David Spiegel say by?
What realize they can save money?
What found that only 46 were teaching such topics?
What did an AMA poll of the same schools find that only 46 were teaching?
Who did Sheila Gregan say doctors and hospitals give because they know we 've checked out these practitioners?
What do hospital administrators say they can no longer escape the reality that millions of Americans routinely use to complement-- or even take the place of medicine?
Who do about 13 percent of U. S. hospitals provide alternative therapies by the consulting firm Deloitte & Touche with?
What can alternative therapies provide?
What did Dr. Woodson Merrell say we are providing?
What does the center hope?
What did the program get off?
Who do hospital administrators say can no longer escape the reality that millions of Americans routinely use them to complement-- or even take the place of medicine?
What remains skeptical about the effectiveness of alternative therapies?
Whose Center is located on the second floor of a nondescript office building in downtown Manhattan?
What did last year open Being in West Des Moines?
What do hospital administrators say?
Who did Merrell say tried to get both sides to come to the table to work together?
Who said some Beth Israel doctors were suspicious of the center?
What are alternative care providers and medical practitioners increasingly seeking to find common ground to help their businesses prosper despite?
What did Dr. Mary Hardy say doctors fear will lose patients if they do not know how to talk to patients about alternative therapies?
What do experts say alternative care providers gain by working with physicians and hospitals?
Who are viewed as cutting edge for facilitating alternative care?
Who was the center's director?
When launched its Integrative Medicine group?
Who said alternative care providers and medical practitioners tried to get both sides to come to the table to work together?
What is located on the second floor of a nondescript office building in downtown Manhattan?
Who said we are providing a wide range of therapeutic options of remedies that have stood the test of time and\/or scientific scrutiny, and preferably both?
What do psychiatrists prescribe herbal medicines to help patients overcome at the University of Pittsburgh Medical Center?
Who said we tried to get both sides to come to the table to work together?
What did Merrell say so far has been unsuccessful in attracting an insurer for a pilot project to test whether alternative therapies can save money and provide good care?
How many procedures are their patients asking?
What are alternative care providers and medical practitioners increasingly seeking to find despite occasional setbacks?
Who did Dr. Mary Hardy say doctors fear cardiac patients will lose if they do not know how to talk to patients about alternative therapies?
What does a year's Integrative Medicine group offer?
What is with 17 treatment rooms?
Whose study is just one area at Cedars-Sinai where there is alternative care?
Who still are suspicious of alternative therapies?
What did Fontana say as my practice evolved, I saw?
What is Hospitals the bastions of?
What is Beth Israel's Center located on?
What does the center treat allergies with with acupuncture?
What is Cedars-Sinai Medical Center one of?
Who was Dr. Matthew Fink?
What did Merrell say Beth Israel officials opened to conduct research to try to determine if these therapies really do work?
Who say doctors are becoming involved because their patients are asking about such procedures?
What are cardiac patients given the option of receiving acupuncture or massage therapy after coronary bypass surgery at?
What did Merrell say we tried to get to come to the table to work together?
Who are asking about such procedures?
Who did Dr. Mary Hardy say doctors fear they will lose if they do not know how to talk to patients about alternative therapies?
Who said Beth Israel officials opened the center to tap into the growing interest among consumers for alternative care?
Who say alternative care providers gain credibility by working with physicians and hospitals?
What did Sheila Gregan say we give patients more of because they know we 've checked out these practitioners?
What has pastel-colored walls?
What remain?
Who does Dr. Gregory Fontana use acupuncture to relieve the neck pain develops from surgery?
What did Merrell say Beth Israel's center so far has been unsuccessful in attracting an insurer for a pilot project to test?
What do results on about 100 patients show?
Who uses acupuncture to relieve the neck pain he develops from surgery?
Who did Dr. Mary Hardy say fear they will lose patients if they do not know how to talk to patients about alternative therapies?
What does the medical profession remain skeptical about?
What is light and airy with fluffy couches?
What did Dr. Woodson Merrell say we are providing a wide range of?
What provide alternative therapies by the consulting firm Deloitte & Touche with these patients and dollars in mind?
Who did Merrell say opened the center to tap into the growing interest among consumers for alternative care?
Who did Fontana say as my practice evolved, came to the realization that Western medicine does not have all the answers?
What are about 83 million Americans spending some $27 billion a year on?
What does that's at?
Who was Dr. Woodson Merrell?
Who did Dr. Mary Hardy say doctors fear will lose patients if they do not know how to talk to patients about alternative therapies?
What do they know?
What can save money?
What are reluctant to pay for most alternative procedures?
What did Merrell say some Beth Israel doctors were?
What are their patients asking?
What know we 've checked out these practitioners?
What does the center hope will attract patients who are hesitant to give these alternative services a try?
Who has the center agreed that after a patient sees a chiropractor three times, the case must be reviewed by?
Who was West Des Moines?
Who do hospital administrators say they can no longer escape the reality that millions of Americans routinely use to complement-- or even take the place of medicine?
What can provide good care?
What was Iowa?
What did Dr. Woodson Merrell say alternative care providers and medical practitioners are providing?
Who are increasingly using procedures such as aromatherapy and Tai Chi to try to attract patients by tapping into one of the hottest trends in health care?
What do psychiatrists prescribe herbal medicines to help patients overcome depression at?
What treats allergies with Chinese herbs and back pain with acupuncture?
What is Fontana's study?
Who does the center hope the hospital name and logo will attract?
What are doctors and hospitals's patients asking?
Who did Merrell say were suspicious of the center?
What do hospital administrators say can no longer escape the reality that millions of Americans routinely use them to complement-- or even take the place of medicine?
What did Sheila Gregan say doctors and hospitals give patients more of because they know we 've checked out these practitioners?
What are the doctors and medical institutions viewed as?
Who do not always mix well?
Who do many doctors still consider to be quacks?
What did Merrell say Beth Israel officials opened to tap into the growing interest among consumers for alternative care?
What is opened in June?
Who do many doctors still consider chiropractors and acupuncturists to be?
Who do psychiatrists prescribe herbal medicines to help overcome depression at the University of Pittsburgh Medical Center?
Where does that's?
Who sees integrative medicine as the future of medicine?
What evolved?
Who prescribe herbal medicines to help patients overcome depression at the University of Pittsburgh Medical Center?
What do I see as the future of medicine?
What do cardiac patients know?
Who is a cardiothoracic surgeon at Cedars-Sinai?
When opened the Center for Health and Well Being in West Des Moines?
What does the center treat with Chinese herbs and back pain with acupuncture?
Who did Dr. Mary Hardy say doctors fear cardiac patients will lose patients if they do not know to?
Who was Sheila Gregan?
What prompted a firestorm of criticism from faculty members before the program got off the ground at the State University of New York at Stony Brook?
Who did Sheila Gregan say give patients more of a comfort level because they know we 've checked out these practitioners?
What did Merrell say Beth Israel officials opened the center to tap into for alternative care?
Who did Dr. Mary Hardy say doctors fear to?
Who still consider chiropractors and acupuncturists to be quacks?
What is just one area at Cedars-Sinai where there is alternative care?
What is the $5 million center with?
Who know we 've checked out these practitioners?
What do psychiatrists prescribe to help patients overcome depression at the University of Pittsburgh Medical Center?
Where are cardiac patients given the option of receiving acupuncture or massage therapy after coronary bypass surgery?
What was like putting together disparate worlds?
Who sees a chiropractor three times?
Who know doctors and hospitals 've checked out these practitioners?
How many procedures are doctors and hospitals's patients asking?
What does the center treat allergies with Chinese herbs and back pain with?
What did Sheila Gregan say doctors and hospitals give patients more of a comfort level because they know?
Who said doctors fear cardiac patients will lose patients if they do not know how to talk to patients about alternative therapies?
Who said doctors and hospitals give patients more of a comfort level because they know we 've checked out these practitioners?
What are cardiac patients given at Cedars-Sinai Medical Center?
Who do officials say are becoming involved because their patients are asking about such procedures?
What did Fontana say as my practice evolved, I came to?
When is the center opened?
What are many doctors still suspicious of?
What did Sheila Gregan say we give patients more of a comfort level because they know?
What does the figure rise to 25 percent for inner city hospitals and 32 percent for hospitals with?
Who is Dr. Gregory Fontana?
What does the $5 million center have?
What do about 13 percent of U. S. hospitals provide alternative therapies by with these patients and dollars in mind?
What did a move to affiliate with a group of alternative care practitioners prompt a firestorm of criticism from faculty members before the program got off the ground at?
What is Cedars-Sinai Medical Center?
Who said as my practice evolved, I came to the realization that Western medicine does not have all the answers?
What rises to 25 percent for inner city hospitals and 32 percent for hospitals with at least 500 beds?
What did Merrell say Beth Israel officials opened the center to tap into the growing interest among consumers for?
What was especially orthopedic surgeons who are leery of chiropractors?
Who is the bastions of Western medicine and high-tech gadgetry?
What does the figure rise to with at least 500 beds?
Who said?
What is the waiting room light and airy with?
Who was the group's medical director?
What did Merrell say alternative care providers and medical practitioners tried to get both sides to come to to work together?
Who did Fontana say as my practice evolved, saw the frustrations of my patients?
Who say they can no longer escape the reality that millions of Americans routinely use them to complement-- or even take the place of medicine?
What do about 13 percent of U. S. hospitals provide by the consulting firm Deloitte & Touche with these patients and dollars in mind?
What are many doctors still?
What offers such services as acupuncture and meditation as well as physician services?
Who do cardiac patients know 've checked out these practitioners?
Who did Fontana say as my practice evolved, I saw the frustrations of?
What does Dr. Gregory Fontana use acupuncture to relieve the neck pain he develops from?
What is Hospitals?
What did Merrell say some Beth Israel doctors were suspicious of?
Who do they know we 've checked out?
Who did Sheila Gregan say we give because they know we 've checked out these practitioners?
What hopes the hospital name and logo will attract patients who are hesitant to give these alternative services a try?
Who are increasingly seeking to find common ground to help their businesses prosper despite occasional setbacks?
What show that nearly all reported some relief from the services?
What do hospital administrators say they can no longer escape the reality?
What is one of the most prestigious hospitals in Los Angeles?
What did Merrell say we tried to get both sides to come to to work together?
Who said we give patients more of a comfort level because they know we 've checked out these practitioners?
What did last year launch?
Who has the center agreed by?
What's changing fast?
Who did Dr. Mary Hardy say fear cardiac patients will lose patients if they do not know how to talk to patients about alternative therapies?
When do I see integrative medicine?
What has agreed that after a patient sees a chiropractor three times, the case must be reviewed by a physician?
What are hospitals in more conservative areas of the country introducing alternative care beyond?
What do results on about 100 patients show that nearly all reported?
Who was a neurologist who is president and chief executive of Beth Israel Medical Center?
Who are given the option of receiving acupuncture or massage therapy after coronary bypass surgery at Cedars-Sinai Medical Center?
What did Merrell say alternative care providers and medical practitioners tried to get to come to the table to work together?
What did Merrell say Beth Israel officials opened the center to conduct to try to determine if these therapies really do work?
What are introducing alternative care beyond New York and Los Angeles?
What did Merrell say?
Who was the center's executive director?
What are hospitals in more conservative areas of the country introducing beyond New York and Los Angeles?
Who was Dr. Mary Hardy?
Who do they know 've checked out these practitioners?
What do hospital administrators say they can no longer escape that millions of Americans routinely use them to complement-- or even take the place of medicine?
Who are spending some $27 billion a year on alternative care?
What's what's happening at Beth Israel's Center for Health and Healing?
Who was the center?
Who said doctors fear they will lose patients if they do not know how to talk to patients about alternative therapies?
Who said Beth Israel officials opened the center to conduct research to try to determine if these therapies really do work?
What can alternative therapies save?
What is growing?
What did Dr. Woodson Merrell say alternative care providers and medical practitioners are providing a wide range of?
Who say?
Who did Dr. Mary Hardy say doctors fear they will lose patients if they do not know to?
What are Hospitals increasingly using to try to attract patients by tapping into one of the hottest trends in health care?
Who did Merrell say opened the center to conduct research to try to determine if these therapies really do work?
Who do experts say gain credibility by working with physicians and hospitals?
Who do cardiac patients know doctors and hospitals 've checked out?
Who are Hospitals increasingly using procedures such as aromatherapy and Tai Chi to try to attract by tapping into one of the hottest trends in health care?
What does its Integrative Medicine group offer?
Who said as my practice evolved, I saw the frustrations of my patients?
What was known for its ground-breaking organ transplants?
Whose practice evolved?
What was Pittsburgh Medical Center known for?
What does Dr. Gregory Fontana use acupuncture to relieve the neck pain from?
What got off the ground?
What were relaxing images as?
What have some of our most difficult cases turned around because of it?
What was a New Haven addiction services agency?
What did a second control group receive acupuncture in along the outer ear believed to have no treatment effect?
What did those who completed the acupuncture treatment also have longer periods of than participants in either control group?
Who did those who completed the acupuncture treatment also have longer periods of sustained abstinence than?
What did 53. 8 percent of those receiving the acupuncture technique test during the last week of the treatment in the two control groups of the patients studied?
What did Yale Medical School researcher Arthur Margolin say?
Who said the results suggest the need for increased study of acupuncture and other forms of alternative medicine?
When did 53. 8 percent of those receiving the acupuncture technique test free of cocaine in the two control groups of the patients studied?
What did Yale researchers find-- is an effective treatment for those addicted to cocaine?
What were divided into three groups?
What were such as nature scenes?
What did Daniel Iead say while the scientific basis for acupuncture is unknown, are indisputable?
What did Yale Medical School researcher Arthur Margolin say our study shows with?
What is unknown?
Who said our study shows that that alternative therapies can be combined with the arsenal of Western treatments for fighting addiction?
Who received methadone for their heroin addiction, but no medication for their cocaine addiction?
What are gratifying?
What were they divided into?
What did Iead say we 've been doing here for years?
Who did Iead say 've been doing either control group here for years?
What did Yale Medical School researcher Arthur Margolin say shows that that alternative therapies can be combined with the arsenal of Western treatments for fighting addiction?
What have turned their lives around because of it?
What did they receive?
Who said while the scientific basis for acupuncture is unknown, the results are indisputable?
Who found-- Acupuncture is an effective treatment for those addicted to cocaine?
Who was clinical coordinator for the Grant Street Partnership?
When did Iead say participants in either control group 've been doing either control group here?
Who were divided into three groups?
What also had longer periods of sustained abstinence than participants in either control group?
What did he say the results suggest?
What did Margolin say also were encouraging because acupuncture has fewer side effects and is relatively low-cost?
When did Iead say we 've been doing it here?
What did he say?
Who said?
What did Iead say works?
What does a study published in Monday's Archives of Internal Medicine report than?
What was the treatment compared with?
What received methadone for their heroin addiction, but no medication for their cocaine addiction?
What was the Grant Street Partnership?
Who received individual and group counseling?
What did Yale Medical School researcher Arthur Margolin say the results suggest?
How many participants who were addicted to heroin and cocaine did the eight-week study involve?
What are fantastic?
What did Yale researchers find-- Acupuncture is?
What received auricular acupuncture?
What did one group receive?
What did 53. 8 percent of those receiving the acupuncture technique test free of during the last week of the treatment in the two control groups of the patients studied?
What has fewer side effects?
What did he say suggest the need for increased study of acupuncture and other forms of alternative medicine?
Who said participants in either control group 've been doing either control group here for years?
What did Yale Medical School researcher Arthur Margolin say suggest the need for increased study of acupuncture and other forms of alternative medicine?
When did those who completed the acupuncture treatment also have than participants in either control group?
Who did Iead say 've been doing it here for years?
Who was Daniel Iead?
What was shown videotapes depicting relaxing images?
What tested free of cocaine during the last week of the treatment in the two control groups of the patients studied?
What were participants in either control group divided into?
What does acupuncture have?
Who said we 've been doing it here for years?
What reports that patients who received therapeutic acupuncture treatments were more likely to have cocaine-negative tests than those who did not?
What have some of our most difficult cases turned their lives around because of?
What received acupuncture in other points along the outer ear believed to have no treatment effect?
Who said it works?
Who said the findings also were encouraging because acupuncture has fewer side effects and is relatively low-cost?
What is relatively low-cost?
What did 53. 8 percent of those receiving the acupuncture technique test free of cocaine during the last week of the treatment in of the patients studied?
What did a second control group receive in other points along the outer ear believed to have no treatment effect?
What was the third group shown?
What did a second control group receive acupuncture in other points along?
What did Yale Medical School researcher Arthur Margolin say our study shows that that alternative therapies can be combined with for fighting addiction?
What involved 82 participants who were addicted to heroin and cocaine?
What was compared with 23. 5 percent and 9. 1 percent?
Who said either control group works?
What did participants in either control group receive?
What did Iead say participants in either control group 've been doing here for years?
Who did the eight-week study involve?
Who did 53. 8 percent of those receiving the acupuncture technique test free of cocaine during the last week of the treatment in the two control groups of?
What did Margolin say?
What was his journey into Manhattan on a recent Saturday morning a pilgrimage of?
What was Spike?
Who was a three-legged Labrador retriever who needed to lose about 35 of Jodi Richard's 106 pounds but?
What was Al?
What did he say ``on''?
Who looked _ as far as these things can be determined _ appalled and terrified about taking the plunge?
Who do we project our behavior on?
When did Spike look like a unicorn?
What do Dr. Michael Garvey 've even had clients project their religion on?
What had left Sydnee without the use of his hind legs?
Whose tiny, bearded face was Lauran's owner called out as?
Who was Jean Marie Cooper?
What was he?
What has really taken off in the last five years?
What is all of this?
Who were the few miles downtown?
Who explained, ``a new owner and a home in the New Jersey suburbs told her there might be trouble''?
Who gave him what looked like a particularly intimate, thorough petting?
Whose owner rushed to him as soon as he left the pool to rest under a pink towel on the cushion of a lawn chair?
What did 27 say that she was definitely feeling Ms. Walk?
Who lay motionless as the massage therapist gave him what looked like a particularly intimate, thorough petting?
What did expenditures by Americans on all kinds of veterinary care for dogs rise to in 1996?
What are product catalogs?
Who were a circular pool of heated water that might do what the operations, acupuncture and Bach flower essences had not: heal him?
Whose first hydrotherapy session was this?
What was this?
Who can still chase Frisbees?
What was his journey into Manhattan on a recent Saturday morning?
What did his gimpy back legs free from so they could get the exercise they sorely needed?
What went in?
Who said that the legitimacy of acupuncture was beyond doubt?
What said it all?
What looked like a unicorn for a few seconds?
Who said ``I want him to get well''?
What may Sydnee never fully regain?
What did Raclyn insert an acupuncture needle into the forehead of Spike with in the examining room next door?
Who received massage therapy in an examining room?
When were decidedly more agitated?
Whose owner was Chris O'Sullivan?
Who was his owner?
What did Raclyn insert into the forehead of Spike with kidney problems in the examining room next door?
What do dogs and cats project our behavior on?
Who gave Ike what looked like a particularly intimate, thorough petting?
Who was a partially lame shepherd mix?
Who may never fully his hind legs regain?
What was a pilgrimage of stubborn hope?
Who can Dr. Michael Garvey take to a canine massage therapist?
What reports 1,500 members, up from 500 five years ago?
What does the field draw?
What was Dr. Michael Garvey director of at the Animal Medical Center in Manhattan?
Who do Lauran walk ``He's''?
Who does the American Holistic Veterinary Medical Association report a membership of?
Who said that hydrotherapy and chiropractic were probably effective?
What did Dr. Michael Garvey describe Swim Therapy Center as?
What has Dr. Gerald Buchoff performed acupuncture on iguanas with?
What turns out?
Whose husband does 27 live with in Greenwich Village?
What did Lola cool in the lobby?
Who did the massage therapist give what looked like a particularly intimate, thorough petting?
What project our behavior on them?
Who is that still?
What did Al dip into his own Lourdes in?
Who was Jodi Richard?
What can the final bill run into?
What does degenerative myelopathy's owner strap into so Ike can still Ike's hind legs chase Frisbees?
Who is Dr. Gerald Buchoff?
What does which raise?
Who was invisible treadmill?
What was Jodi Richard's rump?
What do we project our behavior on?
What had the operation left Sydnee without?
What is Swim Therapy Center named for?
What did Dr. Richard Swanson add that a lack of rigorous scientific study into such treatments undercut?
Who said the raccoon's owner declined to be interviewed for this article?
What are often following their owners ' leads?
Who was director of the Bobst Hospital at the Animal Medical Center in Manhattan?
Who is a veterinarian in North Bergen?
What did the massage therapist give him like?
When did expenditures by Americans on all kinds of veterinary care for dogs rise to $11. 1 billion?
Who was a trained canine hydrotherapist?
What does the inspiration sometimes work?
Where does 27 live with her husband?
Who said ``That's really getting on the fringe''?
What did Dr. Michael Garvey describe it as?
What did Fallek explain, ``Her psychic told her''?
Who does the field draw thousands of who either integrate alternative therapies into traditional veterinary practices or specialize in holistic approaches to healing?
What does the American Holistic Veterinary Medical Association report?
Whose owner was called out as Sydnee's tiny, bearded face?
What are many with dozens of newsletters and periodicals's own Internet sites?
Who do Lauran walk ``Sydnee's''?
Who inserted an acupuncture needle into the forehead of Spike with kidney problems in the examining room next door?
Where does 27 live with Ms.'s husband?
What could get the exercise they sorely needed?
What did Al repeatedly swap with Duncan for running?
Who was president of the American Veterinary Medical Association?
What is perhaps the inevitable outgrowth of a culture blissed out on St. John's wort?
What began to emerge as more than just random experimentation more than two decades ago?
What did he add?
What sometimes works the other way?
Who did Ike lie as the massage therapist gave him what looked like a particularly intimate, thorough petting?
Who did Spike look like for a few seconds?
Who can Dr. Michael Garvey take him to?
Whose K 9 Swim Therapy Center is Ms. Richard's business?
What were cats?
Who looked like a pin cushion?
Who do dogs and cats project our behavior on?
When has that desire ushered?
What grew only modestly during that period?
Whose K 9 is named for her German shepherd?
What had Al taken everything?
When has the field really taken off?
How many members, up from 500 five years ago does the International Veterinary Acupuncture Society report?
What is North Bergen?
What did NEW YORK _ The stagger in his gait say?
Who did Al dip into in a back yard in Murray Hill?
What is Ms. Richard's business?
What is very much in the same fashion?
What could they get?
Who was Chris O'Sullivan?
When was the American Holistic Veterinary Medical Association founded?
What was Lola bouncing back from?
Who did 27 say that she was definitely feeling the pinch of the $3,500 that Sydnee's various treatments had cost the couple Walk?
Who said ``Jodi Richard want him to get well''?
What was homeopathy?
What were his own Lourdes?
What was Ike?
What were Ms. Richard's patients?
Who was Dr. Michael Garvey?
Who was bouncing back from a stroke?
What was Sydnee's first hydrotherapy session?
Who did 27 say that Ms. was definitely feeling the pinch of the $3,500 that Sydnee's various treatments had cost the couple Walk?
Who 'ves even had clients project their religion on them?
Who had the operation left without the use of his hind legs?
Who 've even had clients project their religion on them?
What did the massage therapist give Ike like?
What was founded in 1982?
What was Lauran's owner called out as?
What END HERE?
What might think?
What may he never fully regain?
Who do Dr. Michael Garvey 've even had project their religion on them?
What did Donna Watkins say has been around long enough that it is now being ventured on a wide variety of animals in addition to horses dogs and parrots?
What said that Ms. was definitely feeling the pinch of the $3,500 that Sydnee's various treatments had cost the couple Ms. Walk?
What did Mercy arrive in?
What did 27 say that she was definitely feeling the pinch of Ms. Walk?
What did Donna Watkins say veterinary acupuncture has been around?
What did Dr. Richard Swanson say ``'s really getting on the fringe''?
Who was Jodi Richard's owner?
What did 27 say Ms. Walk?
Who can take him to a canine massage therapist?
Who was a 12-year-old Shih Tzu?
What lives with Ms.'s husband in Greenwich Village?
Who did Al repeatedly swap places in the water with for running?
What has Dr. Gerald Buchoff performed acupuncture on with brittle bones?
What were highest?
What did 27 say that Ms. was definitely feeling the pinch of Ms. Walk?
What are pets being given alternative treatments often following?
Who described Swim Therapy Center as a kind of cross-species psychological transference?
What did Dr. Richard Swanson say that the legitimacy of acupuncture was beyond?
Who can Ike still chase?
What is perhaps the inevitable outgrowth of a culture mesmerized by Andrew Weil?
Who added that a lack of rigorous scientific study into such treatments undercut the sunny testimonials of some veterinarians and their clients?
What did his owner rush to him as soon as he left the pool to rest under a pink towel on?
What did she say ?
Who was he still not the dog used to be?
What did Dr. Richard Swanson say ``on''?
What said that she was definitely feeling the pinch of the $3,500 that Sydnee's various treatments had cost the couple Ms. Walk?
Who did Dr. Richard Swanson add that a lack of rigorous scientific study into such treatments undercut the sunny testimonials of?
When did she say?
What is all of this perhaps the inevitable outgrowth of?
What was Dr. Richard Swanson president of?
Who said, ``dogs and cats project our character flaws on our pets''?
Who was degenerative myelopathy's owner?
What back gave out?
What is but one example?
Who was Dr. Richard Swanson?
What repeatedly swapped places in the water with Duncan for running?
Who does 27 live with in Greenwich Village?
What was he still not the dog?
What was a busy, busy day?
What did Dr. Richard Swanson say?
What are usually repeated over the course of several weeks?
Who did they cede the pool to recovering from surgery for a ruptured disc?
What did a new owner and a home in the New Jersey suburbs articulate?
What rose to $11. 1 billion in 1996?
Who planned to repeat the treatment for Ike at home in Chinatown?
Who Walk said as Sydnee took a brief poolside rest, ``He represents 12 years of my life''?
What is N. J.?
Who Walk said as Sydnee took a brief poolside rest, ``Lauran represents 12 years of my life''?
What do I 've even had clients project their religion on?
Who was Donna Watkins?
Who do I 've even had project their religion on them?
What does 27 live with Ms.'s husband in?
What did Ike lie motionless as the massage therapist gave him like?
Whose tiny, bearded face was his owner called out as?
What ceded the pool to Sydnee recovering from surgery for a ruptured disc?
Whose business is Bonnie's K 9 Swim Therapy Center?
What is also the ultimate illustration of the degree to which many Americans insist on sharing their own habits and extravagances?
Who had been a racer, sleek and fleet?
Who was the massage therapist?
What has ushered in a whole new era in animal care?
Who was 8?
Who cooled her paws in the lobby?
Who was Sydnee?
What did a canine massage therapist look like?
What did she articulate?
What do Lauran walk ?
What had essentially paralyzed Ike's hind legs?
Who rushed to him as soon as he left the pool to rest under a pink towel on the cushion of a lawn chair?
Who was a three-legged Labrador retriever who needed to lose about 35 of his 106 pounds but?
What was Bach flower essences and the like?
What did Dr. Richard Swanson add?
Who loved ones it is also made up of increasingly generous people when it comes to the vim and vigor of their hirsute _ or, for that matter?
Who do Dr. Michael Garvey 've even had clients project their religion on?
Who did he add that a lack of rigorous scientific study into such treatments undercut the sunny testimonials of?
What were Al's own Lourdes?
What was the sloshy?
What are cats and birds?
Whose owner was Jackie Wright-Minogue?
What did feathered _ love ones it is also made up of when it comes to the vim and vigor of their hirsute _ or, for that matter?
What freed from gravity so they could get the exercise they sorely needed?
What did Fallek say the raccoon's owner declined to be interviewed for?
What reports a membership of 1,000 veterinarians?
What is Bonnie's K 9 named for?
Who did a new owner and a home in the New Jersey suburbs say ``Jodi Richard want to get well''?
Who were racehorses?
What is the brief poolside rest a shivering knot of?
Who did a new owner and a home in the New Jersey suburbs say ``want him to get well''?
Who did Jodi Richard's owner rush to as soon as he left the pool to rest under a pink towel on the cushion of a lawn chair?
What did Raclyn insert an acupuncture needle into with kidney problems in the examining room next door?
Who had taken even more?
What is it also the ultimate illustration of?
What is named for a new owner and a home in the New Jersey suburbs's German shepherd?
Who was called out as Sydnee's tiny, bearded face?
Who could get the exercise they sorely needed?
What did O'Sullivan plan to repeat the treatment for Ike at in Chinatown?
Whose leads are pets being given alternative treatments often following?
What did Dr. Michael Garvey describe as a kind of cross-species psychological transference?
Who did places in the water cede the pool to recovering from surgery for a ruptured disc?
Who still was not the dog he used to be?
What is named for her German shepherd?
What is still a small fraction of all veterinarians?
Who did she say ``want him to get well''?
Who was Jackie Wright-Minogue?
Who do Lauran walk ``'s a good boy''?
What did Ms. Watkins say ``A friend of mine in California regularly does _ well''?
What did places in the water cede to Sydnee recovering from surgery for a ruptured disc?
What were the guinea pigs?
What did NEW YORK pleading in his eyes say?
What does his owner strap into so Ike can still Ike's hind legs chase Frisbees?
What did O'Sullivan plan to repeat the treatment for Ike at home in?
What did he say ``'s really getting on the fringe''?
What did Dr. Richard Swanson say beyond?
What did he add that a lack of rigorous scientific study into such treatments undercut?
What did a new owner and a home in the New Jersey suburbs say ?
What did Ike receive in an examining room?
What raises the obvious question: How much of this is pure quackery?
What did Swanson cast a more skeptical eye on?
What did he say ``That's really getting on''?
What Walk ``Sydnee's a good boy''?
Who said, ``We project our character flaws on our pets''?
What did 27 say that Ms. was definitely feeling Ms. Walk?
What can run into the high hundreds?
What did O'Sullivan plan to repeat at home in Chinatown?
What was his owner called out as?
Where did O'Sullivan plan to repeat the treatment for Ike in Chinatown?
When was the inspiration?
Who is that still a small fraction of?
What did Lola cool her paws in?
What Walk ``He's a good boy''?
Who articulated the simple wish that had wrought such complicated ministrations?
What were his own Lourdes a circular pool of that might do what the operations, acupuncture and Bach flower essences had not: heal him?
Who 'ves got to give him a chance?
What did Ms. Watkins say ?
What do I 've even had clients project on them?
What did Fallek explain, ``a new owner and a home in the New Jersey suburbs told her''?
What did Jodi Richard's owner rush to him as soon as he left the pool to rest under a pink towel on?
Who had he been?
What do Dr. Michael Garvey 've even had clients project on them?
Who explained, ``Her psychic told her there might be trouble''?
When was it?
What was a female cat?
Whose patients were the few miles downtown?
What did Ms. Watkins say ``A friend of mine in California regularly does''?
Who was only?
What did Raclyn insert an acupuncture needle into the forehead of Spike with kidney problems in?
Who can you take to a canine massage therapist?
What certainly are not cheap?
What had taken everything that a greyhound could be expected to?
Who does the International Veterinary Acupuncture Society report?
If there has been tried on people, what is being tried on pets, and not just on the most common species?
What was his rump?
What is it also?
What are dogs?
Who did she say ``I want to get well''?
What was Duncan?
Who straps into a two-wheeled cart so Ike can still Ike's hind legs chase Frisbees?
Who did Fallek say declined to be interviewed for this article?
What had a condition known as degenerative myelopathy essentially paralyzed?
What arrived in the form of a new owner and a home in the New Jersey suburbs?
Who cautioned, ``The world is made up of a lot of very vulnerable and gullible people''?
What did they cede to Sydnee recovering from surgery for a ruptured disc?
When did the pet population grow only modestly?
Who did his owner rush to as soon as he left the pool to rest under a pink towel on the cushion of a lawn chair?
When is the International Veterinary Acupuncture Society founded?
What is a shivering knot of fur with limited mobility?
What did Alternative veterinary medicine begin to emerge as more than two decades ago?
What did Dr. Richard Swanson say ``That's really getting on''?
Who cast a more skeptical eye on homeopathy?
Who described it as a kind of cross-species psychological transference?
What does 27 live with her husband in?
What did Swanson cast on homeopathy?
What are treatments usually repeated over?
Who has performed acupuncture on iguanas with brittle bones?
What dipped into his own Lourdes in a back yard in Murray Hill?
What is Bonnie's K 9 Swim Therapy Center?
What do we project on them?
What is the brief poolside rest?
What had Al taken that a greyhound could be expected to?
Who was relaxed rather than bothered?
What is founded in 1974?
What do dogs and cats project on them?
Whose hind legs had a condition known as degenerative myelopathy essentially paralyzed?
Who can you take him to?
What 've got to give him a chance?
Whose business is but one example?
What are many with their own Internet sites?
What did Donna Watkins say around?
Whose rump was Al?
Whose K 9 is named for a new owner and a home in the New Jersey suburbs's German shepherd?
Who nearly fell asleep?
What was off now?
Who do I 've even had clients project their religion on?
What draws thousands of veterinarians around the country who either integrate alternative therapies into traditional veterinary practices or specialize in holistic approaches to healing?
What did she look like?
Who ceded the pool to Sydnee recovering from surgery for a ruptured disc?
Who said veterinary acupuncture has been around long enough that it is now being ventured on a wide variety of animals in addition to horses dogs and parrots?
If it has been tried on people, what is being tried on pets, and not just on the most common species?
What did Sydnee take?
What were horses?
What lives with her husband in Greenwich Village?
Who took a brief poolside rest?
Who was a spokeswoman for the society?
What did Ike receive massage therapy in?
What were Al's own Lourdes a circular pool of that might do what the operations, acupuncture and Bach flower essences had not: heal him?
What is this very much in?
Who did Ms. Watkins say ``regularly does turtles _ well''?
Whose owner straps into a two-wheeled cart so Ike can still Ike's hind legs chase Frisbees?
What was he still not he used to be?
Who said ``A friend of mine in California regularly does turtles _ well''?
Who project our behavior on them?
Who has complained of pain at his legs?
What needles into specific locations on Soto's legs and feet?
What are Health maintenance organizations starting to pay for?
Who did Kaiser spokeswoman Lila Petersen say ``More and more, are asking for alternative health care methods''?
What does the energy cause?
What does Soto also take?
What seem fuzzy?
What does Sterling say Kaiser spokeswoman Lila Petersen can feel the needle interact with on a hook?
Who said the HMO does offer acupuncture in its chronic pain management program to patients referred by their primary care physicians?
Whose hands does Sterling run down his legs?
What does Sterling run Kaiser spokeswoman Lila Petersen's hands down?
Who responds to Kaiser spokeswoman Lila Petersen's touch?
Who did she say ``More and more, are asking for alternative health care methods''?
What has Soto complained of pain at?
Who calls out ``Liver 8'' or ``Spleen 1'' _ points on Cheryl Sterling's ``channels'' that are blocked?
What are hospitals, medical centers and senior centers also seeking to explore?
What have some studies shown that there are _ including the release of the body's own natural painkillers suggesting there may be something more at work?
Who says Kaiser spokeswoman Lila Petersen can feel the needle interact with the qi on a hook?
What has the university begun a research study with breast cancer patients to look at in treating the side effects of chemotherapy?
What does Soto also avail himself of?
What _ A patch on Art Soto's abdomen continuously releases a morphine-like drug into his system to lessen the discomfort from his long battle with AIDS?
What has Soto complained of at Cheryl Sterling's legs?
What does she explain that as the energy is obstructed?
What did Cheryl Sterling say are starting to come down?
Who responds to her touch?
What have shown that there are physiological changes _ including the release of the body's own natural painkillers suggesting there may be something more at work?
What did Sterling say work by manipulating the patient's life energy, or ``qi''?
What are gently twisted?
Who runs her hands down his legs?
What is Cheryl Sterling?
What does Kaiser spokeswoman Lila Petersen call out ``Liver 8'' or ``Spleen 1'' _?
What does the National Council Against Health Fraud's position paper on acupuncture say remains unproven?
What are some of the needles then attached to?
What have some studies shown at?
Who are working to provide those services?
Who explains that as a result the energy is obstructed?
Whose touch does Cheryl Sterling respond to?
What does Sterling say she can feel the needle interact with the qi on?
What do its underlying mechanisms remain?
What does Sterling say Kaiser spokeswoman Lila Petersen can feel interact with the qi on a hook?
What are the treatments controversial in?
Who is Soto's acupuncturist?
Whose life energy, or ``qi'' did Sterling say?
What did Kaiser spokeswoman Lila Petersen say ``for''?
What does Kaiser spokeswoman Lila Petersen explain as?
Who said ``More and more, our patients are asking for alternative health care methods''?
Who are seeing more patients whose regimens include treatments such as acupuncture and Chinese herbs as a result?
Who are doctors seeing as a result?
What does Sterling say she can feel with?
What play on a cassette player nearby?
Who does Sterling say can feel the needle interact with the qi on a hook?
What does Sterling begin by asking about his health during the past week in an exam room at the American College of Traditional Chinese Medicine's Potrero Hill clinic?
What are controversial in some quarters?
What runs Kaiser spokeswoman Lila Petersen's hands down his legs?
What are also seeking to explore possible relationships?
What does Soto say?
Who says she can feel the needle interact with the qi on a hook?
What says its ``theory and practice are based on primitive and fanciful concepts of health and disease that bear no relationship to present scientific knowledge?''
What says it remains unproven?
What have some studies shown that there are physiological changes _ including suggesting there may be something more at work?
What does she call out ``Liver 8'' or ``Spleen 1'' _?
What is especially for pain management?
What have some studies shown that there are physiological changes _ including the release of the body's own natural painkillers suggesting there may be at work?
What are we working to provide?
What did Kaiser spokeswoman Lila Petersen say the HMO does offer in its chronic pain management program to patients referred by their primary care physicians?
Who does Soto also avail?
What is like a fish?
Who said, ``there's more of it''?
What does Kaiser spokeswoman Lila Petersen explain that as the energy is obstructed?
What does he respond to?
What does she call out?
What does she explain?
What do SAN FRANCISCO _ continuously releases a morphine-like drug into his system to lessen the discomfort from his long battle with AIDS?
What have some studies shown that there are physiological changes _ including the release of the body's own natural painkillers suggesting at?
Who does Cheryl Sterling now talk with?
What does Sterling say Kaiser spokeswoman Lila Petersen can feel the needle interact with the qi on?
What does Sterling say with?
Whose legs has Soto complained of pain at?
What did Sterling say?
Who has the university begun a research study with to look at the benefits of acupuncture in treating the side effects of chemotherapy?
What did the California Legislature send the governor a bill requiring workers ' compensation policies to cover?
What is the qi like?
What do gentle guitar music overlaid on the sounds of the ocean play on nearby?
Who says he feels more energized?
Who said, ``Careful scientific minds are looking at the data''?
What have some studies shown that there are suggesting there may be something more at work?
What are gently inserted?
What said, ``The trend is definitely going to this _ quote _ integrative care''?
When gave acupuncture a qualified endorsement for treating post-operative and dental pain, nausea from chemotherapy, and morning sickness?
What does Sterling begin Soto's treatment by asking about his health during the past week in?
What does she explain as?
What did Cheryl Sterling say?
What begins to subside?
What also takes acupuncture and Chinese herbs's regimens?
What already do?
What remain a mystery to western medicine?
Who does she now talk with?
What did Kaiser spokeswoman Lila Petersen say in?
Who explains that the channels lose their ``moisture'' because of the HIV infection?
What do SAN FRANCISCO _ A patch on Art Soto's abdomen continuously releases into his system to lessen the discomfort from his long battle with AIDS?
Who did Kaiser spokeswoman Lila Petersen say the HMO does offer acupuncture in its chronic pain management program to?
Who has complained of pain at Cheryl Sterling's legs?
What does Sterling say she can feel interact with the qi on a hook?
What do SAN FRANCISCO _ A patch on Art Soto's abdomen continuously releases a morphine-like drug into?
What does she explain that the channels lose?
Who undresses?
What have some studies shown that there are physiological changes _ including the release of the body's own natural painkillers suggesting there may be something more at?
What did Kaiser spokeswoman Lila Petersen say the HMO does offer acupuncture in to patients referred by their primary care physicians?
Who does Soto say feels more energized?
Who said the walls between western and alternative medicine are starting to come down?
Whose acupuncturist is Cheryl Sterling?
What is becoming more common?
What are doctors seeing more patients whose regimens include treatments such as acupuncture and Chinese herbs as?
What are then attached to a device that sends out an electrical current?
What are starting to pay for the ancient Chinese therapy?
What does the National Council Against Health Fraud's position paper on acupuncture say on?''
What did last year give?
What does she call out _ points on his ``channels'' that are blocked?
What has begun a research study with breast cancer patients to look at the benefits of acupuncture in treating the side effects of chemotherapy?
What do SAN FRANCISCO _ into?
Who said the therapies work by manipulating the patient's life energy, or ``qi''?
What is acupuncture especially for?
Who calls out ``Liver 8'' or ``Spleen 1'' _ points on his ``channels'' that are blocked?
What does Sterling run down his legs?
What has Soto complained of at his legs?
What happens while gentle guitar music overlaid on the sounds of the ocean play on a cassette player nearby?
What did she say ``for''?
Who now talks with the doctors of some of her patients about their care?
What has the university begun with breast cancer patients to look at the benefits of acupuncture in treating the side effects of chemotherapy?
What did Kaiser spokeswoman Lila Petersen say does offer acupuncture in its chronic pain management program to patients referred by their primary care physicians?
What does Sterling say Kaiser spokeswoman Lila Petersen can feel with?
What have some studies shown that there are physiological changes _ including the release of suggesting there may be something more at work?
What does Kaiser spokeswoman Lila Petersen call out _ points on Cheryl Sterling's ``channels'' that are blocked?
What did she say ``More and more, our patients are asking for''?
What does sterling and an assistant insert and twirl half a dozen needle into?
What does the National Council Against Health Fraud's position paper on acupuncture say?
What does Cheryl Sterling respond to?
What are more patients whose regimens include treatments such as acupuncture and Chinese herbs, which Soto also takes working to provide?
What does Kaiser spokeswoman Lila Petersen call out?
Who also avails himself of a much different painkiller: acupuncture?
What does Sterling say she can feel the needle interact with on a hook?
What sent the governor a bill requiring workers ' compensation policies to cover it?
What do the trend's underlying mechanisms remain?
What does the National Council Against Health Fraud's position paper on acupuncture say its ``theory and practice are based on?''
What does Sterling run her hands down?
What did Kaiser spokeswoman Lila Petersen say ``More and more, our patients are asking for''?
What causes pain?
What do we see from?
What see from this survey and many other indicators?
What did the survey reflect the growing acceptance of alternative medicine in?
Who is Haskell for Stanford in a major federally funded study of the effectiveness of complementary and\/or alternative medicine?
What is Haskell the principal investigator for Stanford in?
What did the random telephone survey of 1,000 people also show?
What did survey respondents say in on average?
What did participants in the study make four visits annually to a conventional doctor on?
What did the random telephone survey of 1,000 people also show that 56 percent of those interviewed believe?
What did the survey reflect the growing acceptance of in the United States?
What attended by more than 500 physicians and other health care professionals from across the nation?
What also showed that 56 percent of those interviewed believe their health plans should cover alternative care?
Who did participants in the study make four visits annually to on average?
What did Wes Alles of the Stanford Center for Research in Disease Prevention say public interest in alternative medicine presents?
What did William Haskell say ``from''?
Who are still skeptical of alternative medicine?
What were the findings released at?
What did the random telephone survey of 1,000 people also show that 56 percent of those interviewed believe their health plans should cover?
What did the random telephone survey of 1,000 people also show that 56 percent of those interviewed believe should cover alternative care?
What did Wes Alles of the Stanford Center for Research in Disease Prevention say presents some challenges and obligations for traditional physicians?
What was the survey conducted by?
How many people are also willing to pay for the random telephone survey of 1,000 people in their medical insurance premiums?
Who did William Haskell add, ``This places responsibility on both traditional care providers and health educators to ensure to''?
What are we talking about?
What offer complementary services in clinics alongside traditional medicine or reimburse patients for alternative treatments?
What did not include patient expenditures for alternative medicine?
Who said ``What 1,000 people see from this survey and many other indicators is that people generally want to take control of their own health''?
What are also willing to pay for the random telephone survey of 1,000 people in their medical insurance premiums?
Who are also willing to pay for it in their medical insurance premiums?
What did William Haskell say ``What 1,000 people see from this survey and many other indicators is that people generally want to take''?
Who is the principal investigator for Stanford in a major federally funded study of the effectiveness of complementary and\/or alternative medicine?
What did participants in the study make annually to a conventional doctor on average?
How many visits did participants in the study make annually to a conventional doctor on average?
What are many physicians?
What did William Haskell say ``What 1,000 people see from this survey and many other indicators is''?
Who added, ``This places responsibility on both traditional care providers and health educators to ensure that responsible information and advice are available to patients''?
What did a landmark survey by Harvard Medical School reveal that 1 in 3 Americans used?
What are also willing to pay for it in their medical insurance premiums?
What were released at a conference on alternative and complementary medicine held last week at Stanford Medical Center?
What did the survey reflect in the United States?
What reflected the growing acceptance of alternative medicine in the United States?
Where did the survey reflect the growing acceptance of alternative medicine?
What did a landmark survey by Harvard Medical School reveal?
Who see from this survey and many other indicators?
Who was William Haskell?
Who said ``What we see from this survey and many other indicators is that people generally want to take control of their own health''?
How many people see from this survey and many other indicators?
Who are talking about vitamins, yoga, acupuncture, massage or a variety of other practices?
What said roughly half the people who seek out alternative practitioners still rely on Western medicine for basic health care?
Who said public interest in alternative medicine presents some challenges and obligations for traditional physicians?
Who did he add, ``This places responsibility on both traditional care providers and health educators to ensure to''?
What spent $14 billion a year in treatments?
What are survey respondents talking about?
Who did the findings attend by from across the nation?
What was conducted by the Stanford Center for Research in Disease Prevention?
Who was a Stanford professor of medicine?
What do 1,000 people see from?
Who made four visits annually to a conventional doctor on average?
Who is Haskell the principal investigator for in a major federally funded study of the effectiveness of complementary and\/or alternative medicine?
What did William Haskell say ``What 1,000 people see from this survey and many other indicators is that people generally want to take control of''?
What did the Stanford findings not include?
What did William Haskell say ``What we see from this survey and many other indicators is''?
What did those surveyed say by?''
What are many physicians still skeptical of?
What did William Haskell say ``What we see from this survey and many other indicators is that people generally want to take control of''?
What did 1 in 3 Americans spend $14 billion a year in?
What did William Haskell say ``What we see from this survey and many other indicators is that people generally want to take''?
What revealed that 1 in 3 Americans used nontraditional medicine?
Who said they would be willing to spend an additional $15. 41 a month in health insurance for complementary services such as chiropractic, massage or acupuncture on average?
What was William Haskell a Stanford professor of?
When did Dr. David Eisenberg lead a survey that found a sharp increase in the use of alternative medicine by Americans to 1997?
After put the needles in, what did she stick a needle directly into my gum to see?
What did I feel?
What does Barice work part-time at in West Palm Beach?
Who did WEST PALM BEACH attack like one of her meanest karate opponents?
What does he work at St. Mary's Rehabilitation Center in?
What does the new Mind\/Body Institute offer alternative treatments from to acupuncture to therapeutic touch across the road from Jupiter Medical Center?
Who serves as medical director for the institute?
Who reviews most patient's cases for appropriate treatment?
Who does it's very gratifying for?
What attacked Esther Levow like one of her meanest karate opponents?
What does the new Mind\/Body Institute offer alternative treatments from hydrotherapy to acupuncture to across the road from Jupiter Medical Center?
What did Fritz admit it took some meeting of before the medical center's doctors were comfortable with the institute's offerings?
Who said, ``I never felt more than a bearable discomfort''?
Who do you 're working with?
What is Barbara Cottrill being treated for by Brett Ferrigan?
Who 're working with chronic pain patients?
What is she being treated for by Brett Ferrigan?
What is released?
What does Dr. Joan Barice's a longtime supporter of?
Right now, what are jumping on the bandwagon for a number of reasons?
Who's been terrified to take any pain relievers during medical procedures?
Right now, what are people jumping on for a number of reasons?
Who said I 've heard nothing but good things from patients?
Who works at St. Mary's Rehabilitation Center in West Palm Beach?
Who says ``Pain changes Brett Ferrigan''?
Who was an assistant professor of medicine at Harvard University?
What is a separate corporation?
Where does he work at St. Mary's Rehabilitation Center?
Who 've been treating VA patients more than a year with acupuncture?
What was the institute from Guy and Jackie Fiske?
Who thinks the new Mind\/Body Institute might make people more comfortable seeking alternative treatments?
Who works part-time at the Veteran's Administration Medical Center in West Palm Beach?
What is WEST PALM BEACH?
What did Fritz admit took some meeting of the minds before the medical center's doctors were comfortable with the institute's offerings?
What was Levow convinced she could use in her dentist's chair?
What does Ferrigan strategically place in her feet and hands to relieve her suffering?
What did Fritz admit appropriate treatment took some meeting of before the medical center's doctors were comfortable with the institute's offerings?
Who 're not always dealing with intractable pain?
What did Barbara Cottrill try?
What does it's almost?
After put the needles in, who stuck a needle directly into my gum to see what would happen?
Who likes working in a medical setting?
What were the medical center's doctors comfortable with?
Who was Dr. David Eisenberg?
What is the Palm Beach Post?
What do some say the movement toward so-called ``alternative'' treatments may be driven by?
What does Barbara Cottrill say ?
Who is not alone?
What does the new Mind\/Body Institute offer alternative treatments from hydrotherapy to acupuncture to therapeutic touch across?
Where does it's?
Whose Rehabilitation Center does Brett Ferrigan work at in West Palm Beach?
What has the American Academy of Medical Acupuncture seen its membership grow from 200 in 1991 to 1,550 today at?
What does Fritz think might make people more comfortable seeking alternative treatments?
Where does Brett Ferrigan work in West Palm Beach?
Who tried acupuncture when her doctor suggested it?
Who felt almost nothing?
Who says, ``I was impressed''?
Who does a medical setting's very gratifying for?
Who undergo CAT scans and other high-tech medical procedures at Jupiter Medical Center?
What does Barbara Cottrill let out?
Who has acute pain from an operation 10 years ago that was followed by a fall?
Who has been through many medical procedures for pain even nerve blocks?
Who does Barbara Cottrill say ``Pain changes''?
Who resorted to an unusual counterpunch recently when told she needed dental surgery: acupuncture?
Who said the institute offers programs for weight reduction, smoking cessation, and insomnia?
Who 'res working with chronic pain patients?
What want an increasing number of patients reporting pain, fear and experiences like hers?
Who said, ``Until not that long ago, doctors mistrusted chiropractors and were resisting things they did not know''?
What does WEST PALM BEACH's on?
Who is Medical Acupuncture a 12-year-old society of?
Who practices her skills on military veterans?
What's almost a shotgun marriage in a lot of places between alternative and traditional medicine?
Who did Levow get permission from to bring the acupuncturist to his office?
What has the center offered for more than a year?
What does Cottrill have?
What did Fritz admit it took before the medical center's doctors were comfortable with the institute's offerings?
When do I 've been treating VA patients more with acupuncture?
Who was fascinated?
Who was Levow convinced could use this alternative in her dentist's chair?
When has the American Academy of Medical Acupuncture seen its membership grow from 200 today at the same time?
What does Brett Ferrigan work at in West Palm Beach?
What is Medical Acupuncture?
Where does WEST PALM BEACH's?
What did Levow get permission from Delray Beach, Fla. dentist Dr. Hyman Friedman to bring to his office?
What does Carolyn Susman write for?
After put the needles in, what did she stick directly into my gum to see what would happen?
What did Fritz admit appropriate treatment took before the medical center's doctors were comfortable with the institute's offerings?
What does Fritz think it might make more comfortable seeking alternative treatments?
What were Levow?
Who do profit motivation, or patients want?
Who strategically places acupuncture needles in Barbara Cottrill's feet and hands to relieve her suffering?
Who's almost a shotgun marriage in a lot of places between alternative and traditional medicine?
Who admitted it took some meeting of the minds before the medical center's doctors were comfortable with the institute's offerings?
Who lets out an explosive sigh?
Who do profit motivation, or patients want an increasing number of?
Who was WEST PALM BEACH?
Who was convinced she could use this alternative in her dentist's chair?
Whose early 20s were Levow?
What is a 12-year-old society of medical doctors trained in acupuncture?
Who did Dr. Joan Barice say 've heard nothing but good things from patients?
After put the needles in, what did she stick a needle directly into?
Who sticks a needle in the big toe of her right foot?
What has really relieved that suffering?
What did Fritz say offers programs for weight reduction, smoking cessation, and insomnia?
What do I 've been treating VA patients more than a year with?
Whose chair was Levow convinced she could use this alternative in?
Who strategically places acupuncture needles in her feet and hands to relieve her suffering?
What does she say ?
What did Dr. Joan Barice say Brett Ferrigan 've heard?
What is trust?
What did Levow get from Delray Beach, Fla. dentist Dr. Hyman Friedman to bring the acupuncturist to his office?
What did she try?
Who is she being treated for her chronic pain by?
Whose doctors has Ferrigan started getting referrals from?
Who do Brett Ferrigan 've been treating more than a year with acupuncture?
What does Ferrigan strategically place in Barbara Cottrill's feet and hands to relieve her suffering?
Who is being treated for her chronic pain by Brett Ferrigan?
What does Barbara Cottrill say the acupuncture brings?
What did she say I 've heard?
Who says, ``I had my heart stop''?
What does an increasing number of patients reporting pain, fear and experiences like hers's almost?
Who is Levow?
What did Dr. David Eisenberg lead from 1990 to 1997?
Who was Guy and Jackie Fiske?
What are bastions of conventionality such as The American Medical Association taking seriously?
Who was area residents whose son is a cancer researcher at the University of Pittsburgh?
What do some say may be driven by economics?
What's very gratifying for me?
Who is Barbara Cottrill being treated for her chronic pain by?
What does she say?
When did Dr. David Eisenberg lead a survey that found a sharp increase in the use of alternative medicine by Americans from 1990?
What does a physician review most patient's cases for?
What does he work at in West Palm Beach?
What do Brett Ferrigan like working in?
What say the movement toward so-called ``alternative'' treatments may be driven by economics?
What is good supportive leaders?
Who does she say ``Pain changes''?
Where does he work in West Palm Beach?
Who is John Fritz?
Whose feet and hands does Ferrigan strategically place acupuncture needles in to relieve her suffering?
What does Ferrigan strategically place acupuncture needles in Barbara Cottrill's feet and hands to relieve?
Who is a licensed acupuncturist who is not a medical doctor, but is certified in Florida to perform the age-old treatment?
What do profit motivation, or patients want?
What has seen its membership grow from 200 in 1991 to 1,550 today at the same time?
Where do patients undergo CAT scans and other high-tech medical procedures?
When has the center offered alternative treatments?
Who was the institute a gift to the hospital from?
What does she say the acupuncture brings?
Who has Ferrigan started getting referrals from?
What has Ferrigan started getting from St. Mary's doctors?
What has the Palm Beach Gardens resident been through many medical procedures for pain?
What has the Palm Beach Gardens resident been through even nerve blocks?
Who writes for the Palm Beach Post?
What was Levow convinced in?
Who were Esther Levow's early 20s?
Who says ``Pain changes you''?
What is the institute?
Who are either referred by doctors or come in on their own?
Where does Barice work part-time at the Veteran's Administration Medical Center?
What did Fritz say the institute offers for weight reduction, smoking cessation, and insomnia?
Who does she's?
What is the institute part of?
What do Brett Ferrigan 've been treating VA patients more than a year with?
What does she say brings relief where conventional painkillers have not?
What does Barice work part-time at the Veteran's Administration Medical Center in?
What 're not always dealing with intractable pain?
What have local doctors become more open-minded about the blending of conventional and alternative therapies with?
Who have become more open-minded about the blending of conventional and alternative therapies with an increasing number of patients reporting pain, fear and experiences like hers?
What did Levow get permission from Delray Beach, Fla. dentist Dr. Hyman Friedman to bring the acupuncturist to?
What Dr. Joan Barice practices?
What's very gratifying for Brett Ferrigan?
What do the ama devoted the entire November issue of to alternative therapies?
Who is Brett Ferrigan?
What does Barbara Cottrill say ``changes Brett Ferrigan''?
Who said Brett Ferrigan 've heard nothing but good things from patients?
What do some say by?
What has offered alternative treatments for more than a year?
What does a physician review for appropriate treatment?
What was Levow convinced she could use this alternative in?
Who has started getting referrals from St. Mary's doctors?
When nearly died when a doctor gave her painkillers during an operation?
What has the American Academy of Medical Acupuncture seen its membership grow from in 1991 to 1,550 today at the same time?
What is Fla.?
What is it?
What varied?
Who 'ves been treating VA patients more than a year with acupuncture?
What does Barbara Cottrill say brings relief where conventional painkillers have not?
What do patients undergo CAT scans and other high-tech medical procedures at?
What's on the campus of St. Mary's Hospital?
What did Fritz admit with?
Who says, ``Over 300 medical institutions are employing mind\/body centers in this country''?
Who do I 've been treating more than a year with acupuncture?
Where does Brett Ferrigan work at St. Mary's Rehabilitation Center?
What is part of the hospital?
Who admitted appropriate treatment took some meeting of the minds before the medical center's doctors were comfortable with the institute's offerings?
Who were her early 20s?
What do patients undergo at Jupiter Medical Center?
Who says, ``People come primarily for pain''?
What did Levow resort to recently when told she needed dental surgery: acupuncture?
Who sticks a needle in the big toe of Barbara Cottrill's right foot?
Who does a physician serve as?
Whose chair was Levow convinced in?
Who like working in a medical setting?
Who were comfortable with the institute's offerings?
What AMA devoted the entire November issue of its journal to alternative therapies?
Who thinks it might make people more comfortable seeking alternative treatments?
What does Ferrigan stick?
Who is a third-degree karate black belt who otherwise is no shrinking violet?
What have local doctors become more open-minded about with an increasing number of patients reporting pain, fear and experiences like hers?
When has the American Academy of Medical Acupuncture seen its membership grow from 200 in 1991 to 1,550 at the same time?
Who got permission from Delray Beach, Fla. dentist Dr. Hyman Friedman to bring the acupuncturist to his office?
Who does Dr. Joan Barice's?
What has the American Academy of Medical Acupuncture seen from at the same time?
Who recalls, ``I did a test''?
What does Fritz think the new Mind\/Body Institute might make more comfortable seeking alternative treatments?
Right now, what are people jumping on the bandwagon for?
Who led a survey that found a sharp increase in the use of alternative medicine by Americans from 1990 to 1997?
Where do Brett Ferrigan like working?
What was Fla. _ Pain, tough for anyone to beat?
Who is administration?
What operates independently?
What do they 're not always dealing with?
Whose Administration Medical Center does Barice work part-time at in West Palm Beach?
What does she's a longtime supporter of?
What do the ama devoted to alternative therapies?
What does it's on?
Where does Barice work part-time in West Palm Beach?
What has the American Academy of Medical Acupuncture seen grow from 200 in 1991 to 1,550 today at the same time?
What does Fritz think?
Whose Rehabilitation Center does he work at in West Palm Beach?
What do I like working in?
When do Brett Ferrigan 've been treating VA patients more with acupuncture?
What drives many to seek alternative care?
What did Fritz say the institute offers programs for?
What is John Fritz executive director of?
Where do I like working?
Who says the acupuncture brings relief where conventional painkillers have not?
Who do Brett Ferrigan 're working with?
Who is executive director of the new institute?
Who did she say 've heard nothing but good things from patients?
What are taking alternatives seriously?
What was Dr. David Eisenberg an assistant professor of at Harvard University?
What does the new Mind\/Body Institute offer from hydrotherapy to acupuncture to therapeutic touch across the road from Jupiter Medical Center?
What does Brett Ferrigan work at St. Mary's Rehabilitation Center in?
What does Ferrigan strategically place acupuncture needles in her feet and hands to relieve?
What is West Palm Beach?
Who tried acupuncture when her doctor suggested WEST PALM BEACH?
What offers alternative treatments from hydrotherapy to acupuncture to therapeutic touch across the road from Jupiter Medical Center?
Who's a longtime supporter of alternative care?
What is growing?
What do the ama devoted the entire November issue of its journal to?
What do patients reporting pain, fear and experiences like hers 're not always dealing with?
What does she say ``changes you''?
What has nothing really relieved?
What want it?
What did WEST PALM BEACH attack Esther Levow like?
Who flinches again?
What is a precious commodity?
What was a gift to the hospital from Guy and Jackie Fiske?
What does Ferrigan strategically place acupuncture needles in to relieve her suffering?
What does Barbara Cottrill say?
What does it's boring?
What does plastic surgery use to cut the loose skin and fat off the face?
What does the treatment cost?
What is to help people balance their life of excesses __ stress to achieve a long, healthy life?
When does plastic surgery last?
How many weeks would acupuncture treatments take to show improvement?
Who is Graduate School of Journalism &LR; &QC;?
What do some acupuncturists prefer?
What is Prof. Wayne Svoboda Graduate School of?
Who is plastic surgery the best solution for?
What uses incisions to cut the loose skin and fat off the face?
What do some acupuncturists say is more stimulating treating patients to restore their health rather than enhance appearance?
When does it last?
What did Phyllis M. Shapiro say these needles are believed to produce tiny electric stimulation in anatomic points bringing to the surface?
What do they try?
What would acupuncture treatments take at least 10 weeks to show?
What do not assure a permanent physical change?
What is Acupuncture based on?
Who said face-lifts are ``like washing a car''?
What are creams?
What does plastic surgery use incisions to cut off the face?
What is Columbia University?
What do NEW YORK _ spend hundreds of dollars on skin-care products in attempts to regain a more youthful look and to smooth wrinkles?
What do NEW YORK _ Some people spend hundreds of on skin-care products in attempts to regain a more youthful look and to smooth wrinkles?
Who said, ``plastic surgery's not just stretching and pulling the skin''?
What is said to be the energy found in the heart and lungs?
Whose role is to help people balance their life of excesses __ stress to achieve a long, healthy life?
Who said, ``There's less diagnosis''?
What did Phyllis M. Shapiro say are believed to produce tiny electric stimulation in anatomic points bringing the blood to the surface?
What are excesses __ stress?
What do practitioners seek to restore this balance through?
What did Phyllis M. Shapiro say these needles are believed to produce tiny electric stimulation in anatomic points bringing the blood to?
What are 36-millimeter needles inserted into in an acupuncture face-lift?
Who said, ``there's not necessary to have a thorough interview'' with the patient if Phyllis M. Shapiro wants to tone up her face''?
What's boring work?
What do acupuncture treatments not assure?
What is the Jing responsible for?
What do many practitioners find?
Who try creams?
Who was Phyllis M. Shapiro?
What is New York?
What do NEW YORK _ Some people spend hundreds of dollars on skin-care products in?
Who prefer an in-depth diagnosis and a healing treatment?
What is health and well-being?
Who seek to restore this balance through Chi, or Qi, Shen and Jing?
Who say it is more stimulating treating patients to restore their health rather than enhance appearance?
What is Minas Constantinides?
Who are 36-millimeter needles inserted into facial muscles in?
What is face-lift surgery?
What _ Some people spend hundreds of dollars on skin-care products in attempts to regain a more youthful look and to smooth wrinkles?
What is moderation and harmony?
What is based on the Chinese philosophy called Dao?
What was the face?
What does Western Communities Family Practice Association in Florida's boring?
What lasts for years?
Who is believed to be directly related to health and well-being in mind and body?
What is plastic surgery for patients seeking a faster and more permanent alteration in their appearance?
What was the case?
Who was an acupuncturist licensed by New York State?
What do NEW YORK _ Some people spend hundreds of dollars on in attempts to regain a more youthful look and to smooth wrinkles?
What costs about $115 per session?
What is the best solution for patients seeking a faster and more permanent alteration in their appearance?
What does plastic surgery use incisions to cut the loose skin and fat off?
Who is plastic surgery often recommended for?
What is one of the least expensive ways to have a face-lift without spending time and going through surgery trying to look younger?
Who said, ``It's not just stretching and pulling the skin''?
What do some acupuncturists say?
Who said?
What is an operation that costs between $7,000 and $20,000?
What are connected through 12 main channels, or meridians, according to acupuncturists?
What is the soul manifested in?
What is the best solution for patients seeking a faster and more permanent alteration in face-lifts's appearance?
What is Acupuncture?
When would acupuncture treatments take to show improvement?
Who did Bishop say are ``like washing a car''?
What try creams?
What is often recommended for patients who are 45 or older?
What is development and reproduction?
Who were used for different treatments?
What is plastic surgery for patients seeking a faster and more permanent alteration in face-lifts's appearance?
What are vices?
What are the points connected through according to acupuncturists?
What are inserted into facial muscles in an acupuncture face-lift?
What is N. Y. 10027?
What is Journalism?
Who is the soul?
Who is responsible for growth?
Who said, ``It's not necessary to have a thorough interview'' with the patient if she wants to tone up her face''?
What will only some acupuncturists do?
What do practitioners seek to restore through Chi, or Qi, Shen and Jing?
Who is a plastic surgeon who works on face-lifts and is a member of the American Medical Association?
Who find the corrective work less professionally satisfying than treating diseases and other ailments?
What do NEW YORK _ on?
What would take at least 10 weeks to show improvement?
What is much cheaper?
What is Prof. Wayne Svoboda?
What is 2950 Broadway?
Who is manifested in personality, perception and awareness of self?
What do NEW YORK _ Some people spend on skin-care products in attempts to regain a more youthful look and to smooth wrinkles?
Who say Acupuncture is more stimulating treating patients to restore their health rather than enhance appearance?
Who will do this?
What has been used to improve appearance for at least two decades in this country?
What is growth?
What are ointments and herbs, as well as plastic surgery?
What do some people try?
What is Acupuncture one of?
Who said these needles are believed to produce tiny electric stimulation in anatomic points bringing the blood to the surface?
What is the 5,000-year-old Chinese healing practice?
What were acupoints used for?
What are bad diet __?
Who is the Shen?
What is a master's degree candidate at the Graduate School of Journalism at Columbia University?
Who is Columbia News Service?
What did Phyllis M. Shapiro say these needles are believed to produce bringing the blood to the surface?
What did Weil say?
How many participants hope to take the debate to other college campuses?
Who did Dr. Andrew Weil argue for their acceptance, and Dr. Arnold Relman, opposing into modern medicine?
Who are middle-age and socially established?
What did Rena Gordon say use alternative therapies in conjunction with conventional medicine?
Who do not talk about no one?
Who did Rena Gordon say have shown that most of those using alternative medicine are women?
What did Dr. Andrew Weil argue for their acceptance, and Dr. Arnold Relman, opposing the mainstreaming of these ancient medical treatments into?
What did Dr. Andrew Weil duked mainstream American medicine out in Friday night at the University of Arizona College of Medicine?
Who duked it out in a landmark debate Friday night at the University of Arizona College of Medicine?
Who do TUCSON tell to look for the data?
What say not enough considering the huge growing interest in alternative medicines?
Who added this is the future not only because practitioners do, too?
Who tell medical students to look for the data?
What did Relman reply like?
What did he say are ``based on wildly implausible theories'' at the debate?
Who said Studies have shown that most of those using alternative medicine are women?
What did one winner in this debate say, ``One winner in this debate _ about''?
What did Dr. Chris Shearer say spoke strongly Friday on their positions?
Where did Dr. Chris Shearer say both spoke strongly Friday?
What Have these alternative therapies earned their place in mainstream American medicine?
What did Dr. Chris Shearer say both spoke strongly Friday on?
Who may be looking for a different livelihood themselves?
Who was Richard L. Bourke?
Who was a health care business in the Valley?
Who was chairman of National Integrative Medicine?
What do only 4 percent use exclusively?
Who did Dr. Andrew Weil argue for TUCSON's acceptance, and Dr. Arnold Relman, opposing into modern medicine?
What do not talk about it?
What is the fact that the debate took place at all?
Whose therapies did he say are ``based on wildly implausible theories'' at the debate?
Who are unhappy spending less time with patients?
When did Dr. Chris Shearer say both spoke strongly on their positions?
Who want the whole picture?
Who said Weil's therapies are ``based on wildly implausible theories'' at the debate?
What do not reimburse?
What did he say, ``One winner in this debate _ about''?
What did he say Weil's therapies are ``based on wildly implausible theories'' at?
How many things as acupuncture are herbal therapies and hundreds of other therapies?
Who replied that the reason more doctors and medical students are interested in it is that medical care is being delivered like a business?
What did Weil say that powerful social and economic forces moving now are going to make?
What was Relman appalled by that idea that medical students should be taught?
Who replied that the reason more doctors and medical students are interested in this is that medical care is being delivered like a business?
What are more about such things as acupuncture?
Who disagreed?
What do many of there live in?
What is set up as a self-pay program because most HMOs do not reimburse?
What was Relman appalled by that idea?
Who was Dr. Chris Shearer?
What is the National Institutes of Health spending to $50 million on research on alternative therapies this year?
What do the two participants hope to take to other college campuses?
What have Weil and others been pushing to start requiring more medical students to learn more about such things as acupuncture?
Whose clinic at UA is unable to accommodate large numbers of patients?
What knows how many people go to alternative healers because they do not talk about it?
What do patients want?
What did Dr. Andrew Weil argue for TUCSON's acceptance, and Dr. Arnold Relman, opposing the mainstreaming of these ancient medical treatments into?
Who do we tell to look for the data?
What do we tell medical students to look for?
What was Carol Feingold faculty member of?
What want health care?
Whose responses want health care?
Who said that it would be better to have doctors trained than to just let it happen haphazardly?
What may individuals interested in a place on the waiting list call?
What did Weil say do not know how to sort out what works and what is cost-effective?
What are middle-age and socially established?
Where do many of there live?
What may TUCSON have deciding what type of massage therapy is good?
Who said more corporations are also interested in health plans that include alternative therapies?
Whose responses want the whole picture?
What did Rena Gordon say many use in conjunction with conventional medicine?
What do doctors not have?
What use alternative medicine exclusively?
Who argued for TUCSON's acceptance, and Dr. Arnold Relman, opposing the mainstreaming of these ancient medical treatments into modern medicine?
When did he add this is not only because patients want it?
Who argued for their acceptance, and Dr. Arnold Relman, opposing the mainstreaming of these ancient medical treatments into modern medicine?
Who do not talk about it?
What is the National Institutes of Health spending $40 million to $50 million on on alternative therapies this year?
What did Dr. Andrew Weil duked it out in Friday night at the University of Arizona College of Medicine?
What do TUCSON tell medical students to look for?
Who did he say to, ``You believe first''?
Who does no one know to?
What did she say use alternative therapies in conjunction with conventional medicine?
What want the whole picture?
Then who tries it?
What did Weil spar on with Relman, editor and chief emeritus at the New England School of Medicine?
Who was residency director at Phoenix Baptist Hospital and president of the Arizona Academy of Family Physicians?
What was National Integrative Medicine?
What did Rena Gordon say have at least some college?
What did the debate come on Relman wrote in the ``New'' ``Republic,'' in which he referred to Weil's methods as preposterous?
Who said both spoke strongly Friday on their positions?
Who may call 1-- 694-6555?
Who do not have the training or the time?
What did she say they use alternative therapies in?
What may TUCSON have HMOs deciding?
Who was a medical geographer affiliated with both the University of Arizona and Arizona State University?
Who did she say use alternative therapies in conjunction with conventional medicine?
What do they not talk about?
Who sparred on most points with Relman, editor and chief emeritus at the New England School of Medicine?
When did he add this is not only because practitioners do, too?
What did Weil say are also interested in health plans that include alternative therapies?
Where do many of them live?
What did Weil say more corporations are also interested in?
Who hope to take the debate to other college campuses?
Who did Rena Gordon say Studies have shown that most of those using alternative medicine are?
What is low?
What did Weil say more corporations do not know?
What is the clinic set up as because most HMOs do not reimburse?
Who said about 86 percent have at least some college?
Who said to Weil, ``You believe first''?
Who was faculty member of the UA College of Nursing?
What will work?
Who said more corporations do not know how to sort out what works and what is cost-effective?
What is the National Institutes of Health spending $40 million to on research on alternative therapies this year?
What did Dr. Andrew Weil duked mainstream American medicine out in a landmark debate Friday night at?
Who said that mainstream American medicine would be better to have doctors trained than to just let it happen haphazardly?
What are unhappy spending less time with patients?
Where is Weil?
What do alternative healers not talk about?
What is Weil on?
Who want health care?
What do TUCSON, Ariz. _ Acupuncture, therapeutic massage, herbal therapies and yoga: have earned their place in mainstream American medicine?
Who said, ``One winner in this debate _ that there needs to be more research about alternative therapies''?
What do TUCSON, Ariz. _ Acupuncture, therapeutic massage, herbal therapies and yoga: have these alternative therapies earned in mainstream American medicine?
What do TUCSON, Ariz. _ Acupuncture, therapeutic massage, herbal therapies and yoga: have in?
Who want this?
What may have HMOs deciding what type of massage therapy is good?
What was the first of what may be many discussions in the future that could affect every person's health?
Who said that powerful social and economic forces moving now are going to make alternative medicine even more widely used?
What do they want?
Who said many use alternative therapies in conjunction with conventional medicine?
What live in the West?
What did Dr. Andrew Weil duked it out in a landmark debate Friday night at?
What was Carol Feingold?
Where do the two participants hope to take the debate?
What do Dr. Relman's responses want?
Whose methods did the debate come on the wings of a scathing article in?
What did Rena Gordon say Studies have shown?
Who is on the cutting edge of what is new in alternative medicine?
What is Weil's clinic at UA?
What do TUCSON, Ariz. _ Acupuncture, therapeutic massage, herbal therapies and yoga: have these alternative therapies earned their place in?
Who are more medical students unhappy spending less time with?
What was it?
What did he add is the future not only because patients want it?
What are herbal therapies and hundreds of other therapies?
What may more medical students be looking for themselves?
What tell medical students to look for the data?
Who want it?
What is a teaching clinic?
What did Rena Gordon say about 86 percent have at?
What is an acknowledgment that the mainstream medical community is no longer ignoring alternative medicine?
What is the National Institutes of Health spending $40 million to $50 million on research on?
What may we have HMOs deciding?
When are they unhappy spending with patients?
Who are they unhappy spending less time with?
Who was Richard L. Bourke chairman of?
What did he say Weil's therapies are ``based on'' at the debate?
Who said?
What did Relman reply that the reason more doctors and medical students are interested in this is that medical care is being delivered like?
What did Dr. Andrew Weil argue for their acceptance, and Dr. Arnold Relman, opposing the mainstreaming of into modern medicine?
What was Relman appalled by that medical students should be taught alternative therapies?
Then what do you try?
Who was Rena Gordon?
Who added this is the future not only because patients want it?
What is unable to accommodate large numbers of patients?
What may they be looking for themselves?
Who did Weil spar on most points with?
What do the two participants hope to take the debate to?
Who said, ``Dr. Relman's responses were defined by traditional medicine''?
What did Relman reply that the reason more doctors and medical students are interested in it is like?
Who duked mainstream American medicine out in a landmark debate Friday night at the University of Arizona College of Medicine?
What was a time of breakthroughs?
What did she say they use in conjunction with conventional medicine?
What is spending $40 million to $50 million on research on alternative therapies this year?
Who said, ``Patients today are looking to physicians for answers and are not getting them''?
What did he add is the future not only because practitioners do, too?
What did Dr. Andrew Weil argue for TUCSON's acceptance, and Dr. Arnold Relman, opposing the mainstreaming of into modern medicine?
What did he say on at the debate?
Whose clinic at UA is a teaching clinic?
What is squarely from the mainstream medical community?
What did Relman reply that the reason more doctors and medical students are interested in this is like?
What did the debate come on the wings of a scathing article in?
Who was appalled by that idea that medical students should be taught alternative therapies?
Who said they use alternative therapies in conjunction with conventional medicine?
What did Rena Gordon say many use alternative therapies in?
What is Medicine squarely from?
Who do, too?
Whose therapies did he say on at the debate?
What may we have deciding what type of massage therapy is good?
Who said, ``Medical students want to know why they are not learning about herbal therapies''?
When are more medical students unhappy spending with patients?
What may be looking for a different livelihood themselves?
Who may have HMOs deciding what type of massage therapy is good?
What did Relman reply that the reason more doctors and medical students are interested in it is that medical care is being delivered like?
What do many say not enough considering?
Who have been pushing the nation's medical schools to start requiring more medical students to learn more about such things as acupuncture?
What do many of them live in?
What do ten treatments usually do?
What were best known for relieving pain?
What does the improvement show in by strengthening the muscles below the skin?
What does Woo cleanse again with alcohol after removing the needles, and massages the patient's face for about five minutes?
Who explains, ``two's the same pressure point used to stop a toothache or a headache''?
When not many acupuncturists offer it?
What seems like a better way to get rid of wrinkles right now because it's easy to keep up?
What did Woo need?
If Woo can put a surgical facelift off what does that's?
Who explains, ``It's the same pressure point used to stop a toothache or a headache''?
What is Anesthesia cream applied to to avoid discomfort?
What does maintenance visit once or twice a month PLACEHOLDER PLACEHOLDER?
What does the improvement show in by relaxing?
What recently now regulates needles just like surgical scalpels and hypodermic syringes?
Who does Woo treat in addition to cosmetic therapy?
What not many acupuncturists offer because of the time involved?
What does a consensus statement from the National Institutes of Health state by?
What does the skin help eliminate?
What ensures good manufacturing practices and high standards of sterility?
What's easy to keep up?
What gives Woo a better feeling just to know I do not have wrinkles?
What can vary from patient to patient?
Who is California?
What often fear needles?
Who explains that restoring the essential energy, or Qi, improves mood and increases a sense of well being?
What do Woo enjoy?
Who says, ``The needles bring more circulation to the area where they are inserted''?
What require as few as nine?
What nourishes the skin?
What does the Federal Food and Drug Administration recently now regulate just like surgical scalpels and hypodermic syringes?
What does acupuncture give Woo a better feeling just to know?
What do some require?
What visits once or twice a month renew the benefits?
Who brings more rejuvenating oxygen to the cells?
Who did NEEDLE placement After Woo cleans the patient's face with alcohol, uses tape to put pressure on the muscles?
Who uses techniques to ease their anxiety?
What takes about 15 minutes?
What keep expanding?
Who says, ``I 'm pleased''?
What does the Federal Food and Drug Administration recently now regulate needles just like?
What does Woo explain?
What does a Chinese cream restore?
What do I help patients overcome by first showing them that I use very fine, disposable needles made of steel?
If I can put it off what's a good idea?
Who says, ``The needles stimulate circulation and tone the muscles underneath the skin''?
What do I enjoy?
What are pain?
What does the FDA recommend?
What does Acupuncture seem like?
Who pay about $45 for each acupuncture treatment?
What does Woo treat a host of disorders with acupuncture in?
What do I help patients overcome their fear of needles by first showing them?
If I can put it off what does that's?
Whose face with alcohol did NEEDLE placement?
What rejuvenates the body's cells?
What does Woo use techniques to ease?
Who need 16 or so placed strategically around their face?
What does the needle at pointing toward the top of the head?
Who are my appearance and my mood important to?
What do the needles activate the fiber under too?
What has been established?
Who do not hurt?
What are bedwetting and even infertility?
What did I need?
What did NEEDLE placement?
What recognize the same credentialing exam?
How many minutes does this take?
What do the needles remain in?
What is the ancient technique of acupuncture now being used for?
What were acupuncture's uses in the West best known for?
What need further clarification?
What shows in the face by relaxing?
Who can the number of needles that Woo uses vary from patient to?
What seem to radiate in an all encompassing way for some patients?
What did Woo also inserts two needle into the hand to stimulate circulation to?
What does Woo bring to the cells?
What 'll I probably have?
What do I 'm most pleased about?
Who helps patients overcome their fear of needles by first showing them that I use very fine, disposable needles made of steel?
When does maintenance visit once or twice PLACEHOLDER PLACEHOLDER the benefits?
What have used acupuncture for the relief of pain, and many other conditions?
Who do the majority of states offer licensure or registration for?
Where is Anesthesia cream applied to avoid discomfort?
What does addition to cosmetic therapy rejuvenate?
What assert that lines around the eyes, and wrinkles that form around the mouth respond quickly to acupuncture treatments?
Who are Woo's appearance and my mood important to?
What did Woo also inserts two needle into to stimulate circulation to the face?
What do patients pay?
What does it give me a better feeling just to know?
What helps eliminate wrinkles?
What PLACEMENT After Woo cleans the patient's face with alcohol, he uses tape to put pressure on the muscles?
What seems?
What does a Chinese cream nourish?
What recently removed acupuncture needles from the category of ``experimental medical devices''?
What is now being used for cosmetic surgery?
What appeals to many?
Who 'm brighter?
What did the consensus panel conclude?
What does it rejuvenate?
Who 'll probably have a facelift like that?
What usually do the job?
What does the Federal Food and Drug Administration recently now regulate them just like?
What do not hurt?
What is this?
Whose face with alcohol does Woo clean?
What do all states recognize?
Who not offer it because of the time involved?
Who 'mes a preventive type person?
What does Woo use to ease their anxiety?
What did the Federal Food and Drug Administration recently remove from the category of ``experimental medical devices''?
Who says, ``Sometimes patients experience a momentary stinging or tingling sensation when needles are inserted''?
What did Woo also inserts two needle into the hand to stimulate to the face?
What needles at angles of less than 15 degrees, mostly pointing toward the top of the head?
What do I help patients overcome their fear of by first showing them that I use very fine, disposable needles made of steel?
What does Woo explain that restoring improves mood and increases a sense of well being?
Who do I help overcome their fear of needles by first showing them that I use very fine, disposable needles made of steel?
What does the field still remain relatively new to?
Who do Woo 'm?
What recently now regulates them just like surgical scalpels and hypodermic syringes?
What did NEEDLE placement After Woo cleans the patient's face with alcohol, he uses tape to put?
What does a consensus statement from the National Institutes of Health state that acupuncture has been used by?
What is a perker-upper?
What are weight problems?
How many treatments usually do the job?
Who says, ``Woo feel like I 'm brighter''?
Who needed a perker-upper?
What did the Federal Food and Drug Administration recently remove acupuncture needles from?
What is Huntington Beach?
What did NEEDLE placement After Woo cleans the patient's face with alcohol, he uses to put pressure on the muscles?
What do Acupuncture's positive effects seem to radiate in?
Who can the number of needles that Woo uses vary from to patient?
Who cleans the patient's face with alcohol?
What is it?
What still remains relatively new to the public?
What offer licensure or registration for acupuncturists?
Who 'mes most pleased about that?
What have thousands of physicians, dentists, and other practitioners used?
What does Woo bring more rejuvenating oxygen to?
What do issues such as training, licensure, and insurance coverage need?
Where do the needles remain?
What does Woo treat a host of in addition to cosmetic therapy?
What remain in place for about a half hour?
Who 'm a preventive type person?
What shows in the face by strengthening the muscles below the skin?
What are important to me?
Who enjoys the procedure?
What are addictions?
What does this show in?
Who cleanses the face again with alcohol after removing the needles, and massages the patient's face for about five minutes?
Who not offer the treatment because of the time involved?
Whose appearance and my mood are important to me?
What gives me a better feeling just to know I do not have wrinkles?
Who treats a host of disorders with acupuncture in addition to cosmetic therapy?
What recommends that the needles be used only once?
What do the majority of states offer for acupuncturists?
What does this ensure?
What shows in the face?
What do COSMETIC ACUPUNCTURE Practitioners assert to?
What do the needles activate under the skin too?
Who 'mes brighter?
What does Woo clean?
What states that acupuncture has been used by millions of Americans?
Who does the Federal Food and Drug Administration recently now regulate just like surgical scalpels and hypodermic syringes?
When not many acupuncturists offer the treatment?
What is applied to the sensitive lip area to avoid discomfort?
Who enjoy the procedure?
What are adult acne?
What concluded that further research is likely to uncover additional areas where acupuncture interventions will be helpful?
What needles into the hand to stimulate circulation to the face?
What activate the fiber under the skin too?
What do COSMETIC ACUPUNCTURE Practitioners assert that lines around the eyes, and wrinkles that form around the mouth respond quickly to?
If Woo can put a surgical facelift off what's a good idea?
When does this take?
What restores moisture?
Who do I 'm?
What 'll Woo probably have?
What do people often fear?
What does Woo cleanse the face again with after removing the needles, and massages the patient's face for about five minutes?
Who says, ``I feel like I 'm brighter''?
What did they also help me through?
What did the 35-year-old research assistant receive at the Center for Health & Well-Being at St. Luke's Hospital in Cedar Rapids while undergoing knee surgery at the hospital?
What had she taken only six of that had been prescribed?
What are many complementary-care clinics also moving beyond to address one of the biggest concerns in integrative medicine: the information shortfall?
What did Lasky get help in dealing with pain and recuperation _ and the news that she 'd need a second operation to remove from her lung in addition?
What do we see more and more consumers making for themselves?
Where did (She also have acupuncture treatments? )
What is chiropractic licensed in?
What did (She also have acupuncture treatments at? )
What have hospitals like Scripps set up classes to inform patients about with this in mind?
Who explained?
What share that information with other hospitals nationwide?
What did she begin at the three-year-old Center for Complementary Medicine at the University of Pittsburgh Medical Center Shadyside Hospital?
Who meant companies will pay for treatments that are cost-effective?
Who was director of the Center for Complementary and Alternative Medicine at the State University of New York?
Who said ``I did not want to feel powerless''?
What do we see more and more consumers making health-care decisions for?
What is licensed in all 50 states?
What did he mean they will pay for?
When did she 'd tossed her pain pills just one day after her surgery, she put away the crutches?
What did she leave in half the expected time?
Who was program director for the Pittsburgh medical center and the author of ``Coyote Medicine''?
What do virtually all of the centers share that information with nationwide?
What did (She also have at an unaffiliated center nearby? )
What did Dr. James N. Dillard say not _ at least, not right away?
What 'll you get?
What is what matters to patients not of course?
Who did she 'd tossed her pain pills just one day after her surgery, put away the crutches she 'd been given; by the third day?
What did Sharon Gretz Lasky leave in half the expected time?
What do Patients often use alternative therapies in?
Who was Cedar Rapids?
What 're seeing very few insurers paying for any alternative medical treatment beyond chiropractic?
Who began treatment at the three-year-old Center for Complementary Medicine at the University of Pittsburgh Medical Center Shadyside Hospital?
Who do we see more and more consumers making health-care decisions for?
What have also made research and analysis part of their standard operations?
What have many clinics also made?
Who treated my cancer?
What is the news positive in?
Who 'll get a discounted rate?
What did they treat?
What do virtually all of the centers share with other hospitals nationwide?
Who said probably not _ at least, not right away?
What are an ever-increasing number of conventional hospitals and health-care organizations setting up complementary-care centers across?
Who said, ``Everyone who worked with me _ the surgeons, the acupuncturist, the nutritionist and the rest _ were part of my health-care team''?
Whose cancer was diagnosed?
What are an ever-increasing number of conventional hospitals and health-care organizations setting up across the country?
Who do not evaluate the evidence with an objective eye?
What is on the complementary-care centers to track patient outcomes?
What was New York?
What should prompt companies to seek more and better services with which to attract?
Where is chiropractic licensed?
What are traditionally schooled physicians often unduly skeptical about?
Who was Dr. Lewis Mehl-Medrona?
Who was not ready to surrender to cancer?
What also included an acupuncturist, a massage therapist and other alternative practitioners?
What did the 35-year-old research assistant receive therapeutic touch and massage at the Center for Health & Well-Being at while undergoing knee surgery at the hospital?
Who said, ``they want to be healthy doing it''?
What had she taken?
What is not new?
Who have hospitals like Scripps set up classes to inform about various alternative therapies with this in mind?
What-- 282-942?
What did Sharon Gretz Lasky find out?
What is the fact that Lasky was able to get multifaceted treatment at a single facility?
Who definitely agreed?
Where is the pressure to track patient outcomes?
Who do we see making health-care decisions for themselves?
What are setting up complementary-care centers across the country?
What do we 're seeing very few insurers paying for any alternative medical treatment beyond?
What should an expected squeeze in the labor market in the next several years prompt companies to seek with which to retain employees?
What Will the fact that so many hospitals are bringing complementary therapies under one roof mean less out-of-pocket costs for consumers?
Who said, ``they 're going to demand it right in the hospital they 're using''?
Who was Dr. Samuel Benjamin?
What did Sharon Gretz Lasky begin treatment at at the University of Pittsburgh Medical Center Shadyside Hospital?
What did Dr. James N. Dillard mean for?
What do we 're seeing paying for any alternative medical treatment beyond chiropractic?
Who found out she had melanoma last August?
Who see more and more consumers making health-care decisions for themselves?
What are many complementary-care clinics also moving beyond patient care to address?
Who did Tracy Cunning 'd tossed her pain pills just one day after her surgery, put away the crutches she 'd been given; by the third day?
What have many clinics also made research and analysis part of?
What was Iowa?
What do many complementary-care clinics 're seeing very few insurers paying for beyond chiropractic?
What did Dr. James N. Dillard say, ``they 're going to demand it right in the hospital''?
What do many complementary-care clinics not evaluate with an objective eye?
Where did (Tracy Cunning also have acupuncture treatments? )
What are many complementary-care clinics also moving beyond patient care to address one of?
What do demographics support?
When did she 'd tossed her pain pills just, she put away the crutches she 'd been given; by the third day?
What is positive in that respect?
Who got help in dealing with pain and recuperation _ and the news that she 'd need a second operation to remove a spot from her lung in addition?
What Will OPTIONAL SIDEBAR FOLLOWS THE INSURANCE QUESTION the fact that so many hospitals are bringing complementary therapies under one roof mean?
What do we not evaluate the evidence with?
Who was up?
Who often use alternative therapies in a smorgasbord-like way?
Who was Dr. James N. Dillard?
Who recalled, ``Everyone was very supportive''?
What also helped me through my fears?
What is what matters to patients not hard-core data but real-life outcomes of?
What did I sail through?
What do virtually all of the centers track?
Who are often unduly skeptical about complementary approaches?
When did Tracy Cunning 'd tossed her pain pills just, she put away the crutches she 'd been given; by the third day?
What is the fact that Lasky was able to get multifaceted treatment at a single facility indicative of?
Who thinks the care I was given made a big difference?
When did Tracy Cunning 'd tossed her pain pills just one day after her surgery, she put away the crutches she 'd been given;?
What do not evaluate the evidence with an objective eye?
What did Sharon Gretz Lasky begin at the three-year-old Center for Complementary Medicine at the University of Pittsburgh Medical Center Shadyside Hospital?
Who was able to get top-notch conventional and alternative care under one roof?
What treated my cancer?
Who are many of these facilities fully staffed with?
Who said, ``Baby boomers are hearing that they could live to 80 or 90 or 100''?
What did her treatment consist not only of surgery to remove from her thigh and lymph nodes, but also of acupuncture, craniosacral therapy, hypnosis and biofeedback?
What should an expected squeeze in the labor market in the next several years prompt to seek more and better services with which to attract?
Who received therapeutic touch and massage at the Center for Health & Well-Being at St. Luke's Hospital in Cedar Rapids while undergoing knee surgery at the hospital?
What do I think?
What should an expected squeeze in the labor market in the next several years prompt to seek more and better services with which to retain employees?
What have hospitals like Scripps set up to inform patients about various alternative therapies with this in mind?
Who did Tracy Cunning 'd tossed her pain pills just one day after her surgery, she put away the crutches 'd been given; by the third day?
What should prompt companies to seek more and better services with which to retain employees?
What did he mean will pay for treatments that are cost-effective?
What is indicative of a growing trend in health care: the integrative medicine facility?
What did Lasky get help in dealing with pain and recuperation _ and the news that she 'd need to remove a spot from her lung in addition?
What track patient outcomes?
Who (also had acupuncture treatments at an unaffiliated center nearby? )
What did Tracy Cunning 'd tossed just one day after her surgery, she put away the crutches she 'd been given; by the third day?
What 'll Dr. James N. Dillard get?
Where did she begin treatment at the University of Pittsburgh Medical Center Shadyside Hospital?
Who did the same health-care network that featured her oncologist and plastic surgeon for tissue reconstruction also include?
What are also moving beyond patient care to address one of the biggest concerns in integrative medicine: the information shortfall?
What should an expected squeeze in the labor market in the next several years prompt companies to seek with which to attract?
What was Dr. Samuel Benjamin director of at the State University of New York?
What have hospitals like Scripps set up classes to inform patients about various alternative therapies with this in?
Where is the pressure to prove to insurers that alternative treatments work as well as _ or better than _ conventional treatments in managing disease and keeping costs down?
Who did the tissue in her lung prove?
Who did the tissue in Sharon Gretz Lasky's lung prove?
Who had taken only six of the 30 that had been prescribed?
Who did he mean will pay for treatments that are cost-effective?
Who said but chiropractic is the one treatment that most of these centers have the hardest time offering?
What did the 35-year-old research assistant receive therapeutic touch and massage at at St. Luke's Hospital in Cedar Rapids while undergoing knee surgery at the hospital?
Who 're seeing very few insurers paying for any alternative medical treatment beyond chiropractic?
What did (Tracy Cunning also have acupuncture treatments at? )
What did (Tracy Cunning also have at an unaffiliated center nearby? )
What did Weeks say, ``Baby boomers are hearing to''?
What did she 'd tossed just one day after her surgery, she put away the crutches she 'd been given; by the third day?
What is the pressure on to track patient outcomes?
What had Tracy Cunning taken?
What did Tracy Cunning 'd tossed her pain pills just one day after her surgery, she put away she 'd been given; by the third day?
What proved noncancerous?
When did she leave the hospital?
What can you not present without being thrown out of the room, ``As a physician''?
Who also helped me through my fears?
What should an expected squeeze in the labor market in the next several years prompt companies to seek more and better services with to attract?
Who did they also help through my fears?
What do we not evaluate with an objective eye?
Who cannot present anecdotes without being thrown out of the room, ``As a physician''?
What did the 42-year-old mother of three say ?
Who did the 42-year-old mother of three say ``did not want to feel powerless''?
What should an expected squeeze in the labor market in the next several years prompt companies to seek more and better services with to retain employees?
Who said, ``Baby boomers want to be healthy doing the notion that these centers are here to stay''?
Who did Sharon Gretz Lasky find out had melanoma last August?
What did she begin treatment at at the University of Pittsburgh Medical Center Shadyside Hospital?
Where did Sharon Gretz Lasky begin treatment at the University of Pittsburgh Medical Center Shadyside Hospital?
What did Lasky get help in dealing with pain and recuperation _ and the news that she 'd need a second operation to remove a spot from in addition?
What have set up classes to inform patients about various alternative therapies with this in mind?
What did Dr. James N. Dillard mean will pay for treatments that are cost-effective?
Who said, ``Patients are going to demand more complementary medicine''?
Who offer individual therapies such as therapeutic touch or guided imagery to patients who ask for it?
What had Tracy Cunning taken only six of that had been prescribed?
Who sailed through surgery?
What support the notion that these centers are here to stay?
What was diagnosed?
What do Patients often use in a smorgasbord-like way?
When did Sharon Gretz Lasky leave the hospital?
What do many complementary-care clinics 're seeing very few insurers paying for any alternative medical treatment beyond?
What do I think the care I was given made?
What did he mean for?
What is not hard-core data but real-life outcomes of course?
What was Stony Brook?
Who was medical director for alternative medicine at Oxford Health Plans in New York City?
What have hospitals like Scripps set up classes to inform patients about various alternative therapies with in mind?
Who cannot stand up, ``As a physician''?
What did she 'd tossed her pain pills just one day after her surgery, she put away she 'd been given; by the third day?
What do we 're seeing very few insurers paying for beyond chiropractic?
Who left the hospital in half the expected time?
When did Tracy Cunning 'd tossed her pain pills just one day after her surgery, she put away the crutches?
Where did the 35-year-old research assistant receive therapeutic touch and massage at St. Luke's Hospital in Cedar Rapids while undergoing knee surgery at the hospital?
Who did she 'd tossed her pain pills just one day after her surgery, she put away the crutches 'd been given; by the third day?
When did she 'd tossed her pain pills just one day after her surgery, she put away the crutches she 'd been given;?
Who should an expected squeeze in the labor market in the next several years prompt companies to seek more and better services with which to retain?
Who did the same health-care network that featured Sharon Gretz Lasky's oncologist and plastic surgeon for tissue reconstruction also include?
What are fully staffed with medical doctors and alternative practitioners who work together to determine each patient's course of treatment?
Who meant they will pay for treatments that are cost-effective?
What did she begin treatment at the three-year-old Center for Complementary Medicine at?
What do I think made a big difference?
What did Lasky get help in dealing with pain and recuperation _ and the news from in addition?
What do many complementary-care clinics not evaluate the evidence with?
What did Sharon Gretz Lasky begin treatment at the three-year-old Center for Complementary Medicine at?
Who 'd tossed her pain pills just one day after her surgery, she put away the crutches she 'd been given; by the third day?
What do many complementary-care clinics 're seeing paying for any alternative medical treatment beyond chiropractic?
What did Dr. James N. Dillard mean companies will pay for?
Who was supervisor of criminal justice services at the Tarzana Treatment Center?
What did he say has kept him away from drugs?
Who are you guys trying to get them in?
What did the self-described alcoholic say Wayne Haradin, 37, of Tujunga tried _ once his drink of choice _ after an acupuncture session?
Who did the self-described alcoholic say tried drinking scotch _ once his drink of choice _ after an acupuncture session?
What did another parolee say Wayne Haradin, 37, of Tujunga too was hooked on the program after?
When does the Van Nuys program last?
Who did the 39-year-old Panorama City man say has a wine cellar at home that he now does not want to touch?
Who was the unit supervisor?
What do the 39-year-old Panorama City man drink now?
Who are the acupuncture treatment?
What did the self-described alcoholic say he tried _ once his drink of choice _ after an acupuncture session?
What does endorphins promote?
Who said, ` Wait a minute?
Who said it allows some people to decrease their anxiety?
Who do Mike d'Agostine believe?
What did Chaney say, ``there 've found''?
Who are you guys trying to get needles in?
Who said the man has a wine cellar at home that he now does not want to touch?
What did d'Agostine say allows some people to relax more?
What did he say the man has that he now does not want to touch?
What did Wayne Haradin of Tujunga say acupuncture has pierced his addiction to?
Who 're more aware?
What do Wayne Haradin, 37, of Tujunga have?
Who do we 've got a dedicated group of?
What's getting back to normal?
What did he say it has kept him away from?
Who believe I saw a benefit to some of the clients at the Tarzana center?
Who has no cravings?
What did Wayne Haradin of Tujunga say to?
Who drank like a fish?
What are you guys trying to get in the 39-year-old Panorama City man?
Who has been on parole and sober for four months?
When did the parolee decline to give his name for fear of hurting the night clubs?
Who said but the Van Nuys program is the only one of its kind within the parole division of the Department of Corrections in California?
What did the 39-year-old Panorama City man say, ``In my house, I have every type of cognac and liquor''?
What do they believe?
What did the parolee decline to give Wayne Haradin, 37, of Tujunga's name for he has owned for 28 years throughout the Valley?
Whose drink of choice _ after an acupuncture session?
What do I not know of?
When did the parolee decline to give his name for fear of hurting the night clubs he has owned throughout the Valley?
What did Joseph Acquah say we 're helping to keep out?
What works out pretty good?
What is Free of charge to parolees?
Who was Roy Chaney?
What do the 39-year-old Panorama City man not know of?
Who was the district parole administrator for the Valley?
Who have no cravings?
Who did he say have also been treated with acupuncture for substance abuse?
What really helped him out a lot?
Who said he too was hooked on the program after his first few sessions?
What did Mike d'Agostine say some of the clients at the Tarzana center have also been treated with for substance abuse?
Who has acupuncture meant can hold down a job, sleep through the night without drugs and improve his relationship with his family for Ruiz?
Who did the 39-year-old Panorama City man say a week has kept away from drugs?
What has acupuncture meant can hold down a job, sleep through the night without drugs and improve his relationship with his family for Ruiz?
What was he always sick if he did not have?
Who said it's proving to be a viable treatment?
What is the 39-year-old Panorama City man jabbed with?
What did he say away from?
What does the Van Nuys program require parolees to attend in conjunction with the acupuncture?
Who do Mike d'Agostine believe saw a benefit to some of the clients at the Tarzana center?
What did the parolee decline to give for fear of hurting the night clubs he has owned for 28 years throughout the Valley?
What was not for that program?
Who did he say it has kept away from drugs?
Who do I believe saw a benefit to it?
What do advocates believe?
What did the parolee decline to give his name for he has owned for 28 years throughout the Valley?
What did the acupuncture really help him out?
What will be evasive?
Who would drive down the road?
What do you have?
What did Wayne Haradin, 37, of Tujunga say did not come in right?
Whose name did the parolee decline to give for fear of hurting the night clubs he has owned for 28 years throughout the Valley?
What did the self-described alcoholic say he tried after?
What did he say, ``In my house, I have every type of cognac and liquor''?
What can &LR; NORTH HOLLYWOOD's wife vouch for?
What does endorphins help curb?
What are you guys trying to get in me?
Who was the acupuncturist and Oriental medical doctor who treats parolees throughout the San Fernando Valley?
What promotes relaxation?
What did the 39-year-old Panorama City man say the man has a wine cellar at home?
What requires parolees to attend a drug counseling program in conjunction with the acupuncture?
Usually, what have to chase people down?
Usually, what do needles have to chase down?
What did Wayne Haradin of Tujunga say acupuncture has pierced to pain pills and stimulants?
What has Wayne Haradin, 37, of Tujunga doubled his productivity at work from three days to six to seven days of work per week as?
What are drug cravings?
Who did Chaney say often were convicted of other crimes?
Who said the self-described alcoholic did not come in right?
What do they 've been testing free and clear of?
Who are trying to get them in me?
Who said, ``In my house, I have every type of cognac and liquor you could dream about''?
What 've been testing free and clear of drugs and alcohol?
What do his drink of choice _ after?
What are parolees?
Who is jabbed with five acupuncture needles in each ear?
What is a pilot program at the Department of Corrections ' Van Nuys office that Chaney started in May?
Who said some of the clients at the Tarzana center have also been treated with acupuncture for substance abuse?
What would I drive down?
Who said acupuncture has pierced his addiction to pain pills and stimulants?
What did Wayne Haradin of Tujunga say has pierced his addiction to pain pills and stimulants?
What did the 39-year-old Panorama City man say a week has kept him away from?
What helps curb drug cravings?
What did Chaney say often the parolees were convicted of?
What are withdrawals?
What do advocates say the treatment triggers?
What do we 've got?
Who did Mike d'Agostine say have also been treated with acupuncture for substance abuse?
Who has doubled his productivity at work from three days to six to seven days of work per week as a tub and spa installer?
What was &LR; NORTH HOLLYWOOD not for?
What is a miracle?
Usually, who have to chase people down?
Who said but other forms of treatment are also needed in conjunction with the acupuncture?
What was CALIF. _ Frank Ruiz on?
What lasts for at least 12 weeks?
What did the parolee decline to give his name for fear of hurting the night clubs he has owned for 28 years throughout?
What did I drink like?
Who said while being treated last week, ``This is a miracle''?
What do I drink a lot of now?
Who say the treatment triggers the release of chemicals including endorphins?
What did d'Agostine say it allows to decrease their anxiety?
Who said often the parolees were convicted of other crimes?
What did another parolee say on?
Who 'res more aware?
What did d'Agostine say allows some people to decrease their anxiety?
What do advocates believe works?
What did the self-described alcoholic say Wayne Haradin, 37, of Tujunga tried after?
What _ after an acupuncture session?
What can his wife vouch for?
Who said, ``After the third session, I was hooked''?
Who said a week has kept him away from drugs?
When did the 39-year-old Panorama City man say has kept him away from drugs?
What is this?
What has meant &LR; NORTH HOLLYWOOD can hold down a job, sleep through the night without drugs and improve his relationship with his family for Ruiz?
What did Ivory Roberts say a dedicated group of parolees's proving to be?
Who was Ivory Roberts?
Who did another parolee say too was hooked on the program after his first few sessions?
What did he say did not come in right?
What did Wayne Haradin, 37, of Tujunga drink like?
Who said some of the clients at the Tarzana center allows some people to relax more?
What do advocates say the treatment triggers the release of including endorphins?
What did d'Agostine say it allows to relax more?
Who declined to give Wayne Haradin, 37, of Tujunga's name for fear of hurting the night clubs he has owned for 28 years throughout the Valley?
What is more clear?
Who said a dedicated group of parolees's proving to be a viable treatment?
What was Mike d'Agostine supervisor of at the Tarzana Treatment Center?
Who was 37?
Who are you guys trying to get in me?
Who did Joseph Acquah say 're helping to keep them out?
What have jails and clinics throughout the nation used to successfully treat substance abusers?
Who 've got a dedicated group of parolees?
What did d'Agostine say some of the clients at the Tarzana center allows to decrease their anxiety?
Who was on parole for possession of heroin, cocaine and guns?
What do I believe I saw?
Who did the acupuncture really help out a lot?
Who does the Van Nuys program require to attend a drug counseling program in conjunction with the acupuncture?
What has he doubled his productivity at work from three days to six to seven days of work per week as?
What did he say the man has a wine cellar at home?
What do they believe works?
Who said Wayne Haradin, 37, of Tujunga too was hooked on the program after his first few sessions?
Who said it has kept him away from drugs?
What did the 39-year-old Panorama City man say the man has that he now does not want to touch?
What believe it works?
Who said it allows some people to relax more?
What did another parolee say Wayne Haradin, 37, of Tujunga too was hooked on after his first few sessions?
When did the parolee decline to give Wayne Haradin, 37, of Tujunga's name for fear of hurting the night clubs he has owned throughout the Valley?
Who drink a lot of milk now?
When is really different?
Who did d'Agostine say allows some people to relax more?
Who was Mike d'Agostine?
Who believes I saw a benefit to it?
Who declined to give his name for fear of hurting the night clubs he has owned for 28 years throughout the Valley?
What was Wayne Haradin?
Who does not know of any other programs working with outpatient parolees to keep them out of jail?
Who said?
Who did Joseph Acquah say we 're helping to keep out?
What's clear?
What do I drink now?
What would Wayne Haradin, 37, of Tujunga drive down?
What was bitter, spicier?
What did Mike d'Agostine say some of the clients at the Tarzana center have also been treated with acupuncture for?
What is really different?
Who was &LR; NORTH HOLLYWOOD?
What did d'Agostine say it allows some people to decrease?
When has Wayne Haradin, 37, of Tujunga doubled his productivity at work as a tub and spa installer?
Who believe it works?
Who's not down?
What has meant he can hold down a job, sleep through the night without drugs and improve his relationship with his family for Ruiz?
What did not taste the same?
Who said some of the clients at the Tarzana center allows some people to decrease their anxiety?
Who was trying to get away from needles?
Who 've been testing free and clear of drugs and alcohol?
Who have jails and clinics throughout the nation used the ancient Chinese practice to successfully treat?
What has he doubled his productivity at from three days to six to seven days of work per week as a tub and spa installer?
Who did the parolee decline to give his name for fear of hurting the night clubs has owned for 28 years throughout the Valley?
What said he tried drinking scotch _ once his drink of choice _ after an acupuncture session?
What did Ivory Roberts say's proving to be a viable treatment?
What did the self-described alcoholic say after?
What did d'Agostine say some of the clients at the Tarzana center allows to relax more?
Who was only focused on where I was going and now?
Who said, ``there 've found that people have no more cravings for the drugs''?
What did another parolee say he too was hooked on the program after?
Usually, what do we have to chase down?
What did Ivory Roberts say it's proving to be?
What do Wayne Haradin, 37, of Tujunga's drink of choice _ after?
Who do Mike d'Agostine believe I saw?
What do advocates say triggers the release of chemicals including endorphins?
What do I believe?
What was CALIF. _ Frank Ruiz?
What did it not taste?
When works out pretty good?
What did another parolee say he too was hooked on after his first few sessions?
What did the 39-year-old Panorama City man say away from?
What was Joseph Acquah?
What does the Van Nuys program require parolees to attend a drug counseling program in?
What did the self-described alcoholic not taste?
Who are trying to get needles in the 39-year-old Panorama City man?
When has he doubled his productivity at work as a tub and spa installer?
What do advocates say?
What did he say some of the clients at the Tarzana center have also been treated with acupuncture for?
Who do not know of any other programs working with outpatient parolees to keep them out of jail?
Who was always sick if he did not have what he needed?
Who did he say has a wine cellar at home that he now does not want to touch?
What began?
What works?
What said Wayne Haradin, 37, of Tujunga tried drinking scotch _ once his drink of choice _ after an acupuncture session?
Who has acupuncture meant &LR; NORTH HOLLYWOOD can hold down a job, sleep through the night without drugs and improve his relationship with his family for?
Who can vouch for that?
What have used the ancient Chinese practice to successfully treat substance abusers?
Who said we 're helping to keep them out?
Who said, ``We 've found that people have no more cravings for the drugs''?
Who did d'Agostine say allows some people to decrease their anxiety?
What did he say some of the clients at the Tarzana center have also been treated with for substance abuse?
What did Chaney say, ``We 've found''?
What did d'Agostine say some of the clients at the Tarzana center allows some people to decrease?
What was it not for?
Who has acupuncture meant he can hold down a job, sleep through the night without drugs and improve his relationship with his family for?
Who said it did not come in right?
What has he doubled at work from three days to six to seven days of work per week as a tub and spa installer?
Who believe the treatment works?
What do the 39-year-old Panorama City man drink a lot of now?
What has acupuncture meant without for Ruiz?
Who drinkes a lot of milk now?
What was shocked when his parole officer told him he could stay sober with needles?
When did the parolee decline to give Wayne Haradin, 37, of Tujunga's name for fear of hurting the night clubs?
When has Ruiz been on parole and sober?
What were patients compared to?
What does _ consist of the treatment _ depending on the amount of wrinkles?
What does acupuncture relax?
What do acupuncturists believe that the body's energy, or chi, takes?
What does licensed acupuncturist and traditional-Chinese-medicine practitioner Phyllis Olson say Cosmetic acupuncture works in?
When did a follow-up study find that the treatment brought relief to more than half of the migraine sufferers who tried it?
Who says aside from the momentary stings, acupuncture is really quite relaxing?
What is available at most large and medium-size hospitals?
What do acupuncturists believe?
What did &QL; &UR; Copyright 2000 Rodale Press Inc. &ql; at www. healthyideas. com?
What does Kenet say's why we get smile lines and crow's- feet?
Who were compared to 7 percent of those given a placebo?
What can be performed 48 hours after a heart attack?
What is the face?
Who have shown the value of acupuncture in lowering blood pressure?
What will begin moving into these areas on the body after 10 weekly sessions?
What have practitioners of this Chinese therapy shown in relieving pain?
What does acupuncture boast as a healing technique?
What does _ consist of about 20 to 25 superfine needles being inserted into the face the treatment _ depending on?
What is ear or hand?
What have practitioners of this Chinese therapy shown the value of in lowering blood pressure?
What will the body's energy begin moving into these areas on the body after?
Who says that's why acupuncturists get smile lines and crow's- feet?
What have practitioners of this Chinese therapy shown in lowering blood pressure?
How many hours can the technique be performed after a heart attack?
What do acupuncturists say that their services can also erase?
Who says?
What &QL; &UR;-0- &QL; &UR; Visit Prevention's Healthy Ideas Web site at www. healthyideas. com?
What did researchers find that the medication eased pain within 15 minutes for 36 percent of patients in?
Who is Dr. Barney Kenet?
What do acupuncturists say that their services can also erase signs of?
What runs from $60 to $100 per session?
What Can &UR; COSMETIC ACUPUNCTURE &LR; &QL; you smooth wrinkles with?
What do facial muscles relax during?
Who found that the medication eased pain within 15 minutes for 36 percent of patients in a study at the Southern California Permanente Medical Group in Woodland Hills?
What does the price run from?
What Can you smooth wrinkles with Chinese therapy?
What is MPI available at?
What did researchers find that the medication eased within 15 minutes for 36 percent of patients in a study at the Southern California Permanente Medical Group in Woodland Hills?
What relax during the treatment which lessens the appearance of wrinkles?
What promotes circulation and healing?
Who is Dr. Morris Maizels?
What boasts an impressive track record as a healing technique?
What will probably give you a temporary rosy complexion _ something you do not want if you have an inflammatory condition such as acne or rosacea?
What relaxes the muscles?
When can Improvement after the first treatment last about?
What will the body's energy begin moving into on the body after 10 weekly sessions?
What Can &UR; COSMETIC ACUPUNCTURE &LR; &QL; you smooth with Chinese therapy?
What will begin moving into these areas on its own after 10 weekly sessions?
What did a follow-up study find that the treatment brought within 30 minutes to more than half of the migraine sufferers who tried it?
When did researchers find that the medication eased pain in a study at the Southern California Permanente Medical Group in Woodland Hills?
What does licensed acupuncturist and traditional-Chinese-medicine practitioner Phyllis Olson say works in a variety of ways?
Who says, ``The best candidates for lidocaine are those who have occasional migraines''?
Who have shown the value of acupuncture in relieving pain?
Who says that's why we get smile lines and crow's- feet?
What does _ consist of about 20 to 25 superfine needles being inserted into the face _ depending on the amount of wrinkles?
What says Cosmetic acupuncture works in a variety of ways?
What is next to the sun, contraction of facial muscles?
What-- 282-942?
What did &QL; &UR; Copyright 2000 Rodale Press Inc. &ql; &UR;-0- &QL; &UR; Visit Prevention's Healthy Ideas Web site at?
What can last about a week?
What do acupuncturists say?
What does acupuncture boast an impressive track record as?
What have practitioners of this Chinese therapy shown in easing nausea?
What can you expect?
What does Kenet say's why acupuncturists get smile lines and crow's- feet?
What can the technique be performed 48 hours after?
What does this promote?
Who is lead study author and a family-practice doctor at Permanente?
When can the technique be performed after a heart attack?
Who can move the energy where it's needed to speed healing or eliminate damage?
What is relatively harmless?
What will the body's energy begin moving into these areas on its own after?
Who say that their services can also erase signs of aging?
What may &UR; NOSE DROPS EASE MIGRAINE PAIN &LR; &QL; Lidocaine nose drops offer from a migraine headache?
What may &UR; NOSE DROPS EASE MIGRAINE PAIN &LR; &QL; Lidocaine nose drops offer the fastest relief from?
What consists of about 20 to 25 superfine needles being inserted into the face the treatment _ depending on the amount of wrinkles?
What will the body's energy begin moving into on its own after 10 weekly sessions?
Who can move the energy where this's needed to speed healing or eliminate damage?
What did a follow-up study find that the treatment brought relief within 30 minutes to?
What have practitioners of this Chinese therapy shown the value of in relieving pain?
Who have shown the value of acupuncture in easing nausea?
What may offer the fastest relief from a migraine headache?
When did a follow-up study find?
What does Olson say aside from, acupuncture is really quite relaxing?
Next to the sun, what is contraction of facial muscles the major cause of?
What does Olson say aside from the momentary stings, is really quite relaxing?
Who is a dermatologic surgeon at New York Presbyterian Hospital\/Cornell Medical Center?
Who believe that the body's energy, or chi, takes certain pathways?
What will the body's energy begin moving into these areas on after 10 weekly sessions?
When did researchers find in a study at the Southern California Permanente Medical Group in Woodland Hills?
What found that the treatment brought relief within 30 minutes to more than half of the migraine sufferers who tried it?
Next to the sun, what is the major cause of wrinkling?
What have practitioners of this Chinese therapy shown the value of in easing nausea?
What can an acupuncturist move?
What does it's not anyone has used the treatment for substance abuse?
What was based on guidelines?
What does the latest work suggest that acupuncture helps for cocaine?
What watched relaxing videos?
What does Margolin note that the effect of acupuncture was as good as that from?
What is Barbara Mitchell, the licensed acupuncturist and executive director of the Acupuncture and Oriental Medicine Alliance in Olalla?
How many weeks of standard addiction acupuncture therapy did the first receive from the National Acupuncture Detoxification Association?
What does it's not the first time anyone has used?
What do many insurance companies now reimburse for when the National Institutes of Health held a consensus conference to discuss the scientific validity of needle therapy?
What does Dr. Michael Smith say indeed, worldwide offer the needle therapy for the symptoms of cocaine withdrawal?
What did the study look at?
Who is Dr. Michael Smith?
What was standard addiction acupuncture therapy based on?
Who says however, acupuncture does have a key advantage over counseling?
What might the work be?
What does Smith say tests show that the needles restore balance to?
What does Mitchell say that report found that acupuncture helped from dental procedures, menstruation and other conditions?
What appears in the latest issue of the Archives of Internal Medicine?
What does the finding's based on from a major American medical school?
Who says?
What does it's not the first time?
What did Margolin and Dr. Michael Smith's colleagues split into three groups?
What does a new study by Yale University researchers say is an effective treatment for cocaine abuse?
What is the field well on its way to becoming mainstream on with an estimated 15,000 licensed acupuncturists in the United States?
What may want to turn to needles for help?
What was cocaine-free urine compared with?
Who says indeed, some 1,000 clinics worldwide offer the needle therapy for the symptoms of cocaine withdrawal?
What received eight weeks of standard addiction acupuncture therapy from the National Acupuncture Detoxification Association?
Who calls the Yale research ``a very well-documented report with high standards that shows that acupuncture helps reduce the craving for cocaine?''
What does Smith say show that the needles restore balance to the body's electrical currents?
What was led by Yale psychologist Arthur Margolin?
What suggests that acupuncture helps control cravings for cocaine?
Who says, ``Quite honestly, we do not know why it works''?
Who says, ``This is a treatment that helps a person participate in all the other treatments we have,'' such as counseling and group therapy''?
What does the latest work suggest for?
What did the third group watch relaxing?
What does a report on the finding appear in?
What WORKS STILL A MYSTERY While the latest work suggests that acupuncture helps control cravings for cocaine, it does not say anything about why it succeeds?
How many clinics does Dr. Michael Smith say indeed, worldwide offer the needle therapy for the symptoms of cocaine withdrawal?
What was compared with 23 percent of those in the sham needle group and only 9 percent of those who watched videos?
What does Barbara Mitchell, a licensed acupuncturist and executive director of the Acupuncture and Oriental Medicine Alliance in Olalla say to?
Who is the field well on its way to becoming mainstream on the other hand with?
When did nearly 54 percent of the patients in the acupuncture group have cocaine-free urine?
Who is a pioneer in the field?
Who had cocaine-free urine by the last week of the trial?
What does Smith say tests show to?
When did the treatment get a major shot in the arm?
Who says that report found that acupuncture helped control pain from dental procedures, menstruation and other conditions?
What's based on a well-controlled clinical study from a major American medical school?
What did Margolin and his colleagues split into three groups?
Who admits?
What now reimburse for the treatment when the National Institutes of Health held a consensus conference to discuss the scientific validity of needle therapy?
Who split the subjects into three groups?
What is well on its way to becoming mainstream on the other hand with an estimated 15,000 licensed acupuncturists in the United States?
What's not the first time anyone has used the treatment for substance abuse?
What were taken three times a week over the trial's two-month period?
What says acupuncture is an effective treatment for cocaine abuse?
What did the first receive eight weeks of from the National Acupuncture Detoxification Association?
What does the finding's based on a well-controlled clinical study from?
What did nearly 54 percent of the patients in the acupuncture group have by the last week of the trial?
What does Smith say however, acupuncture does have?
Who WORKS STILL A MYSTERY While the latest work suggests that acupuncture helps control cravings for cocaine, it does not say anything about why it succeeds?
What does iT work STILL A MYSTERY While the latest work suggests that acupuncture helps control cravings for cocaine, it does not say?
What does Mitchell say that report found from?
Who agree that acupuncture alone is not a sufficient treatment for addiction?
If addicts refuse to acknowledge their drug cravings, who have little recourse to treat them?
What calls for three to five needles placed at specific points in the outer ear?
What does the work's not the first time anyone has used?
Who says, ``This was a highly active placebo arm''?
Who notes that the effect of acupuncture was as good as that from drug treatment for cocaine addiction?
What does nearly 54 percent of the patients in the acupuncture group work STILL A MYSTERY for?
What does the work's not the first time has used the treatment for substance abuse?
What does the latest work suggest that acupuncture helps control cravings for?
What does Smith say however, does have a key advantage over counseling?
Who says the Yale research lends an extra measure of credibility to the practice?
What got a major shot in the arm in 1997?
When were urine tests for cocaine taken three times a week?
What does Margolin note as?
What does a new study by Yale University researchers say?
What does it's based on from a major American medical school?
What had sham needles placed in non-therapeutic sites on the ear?
What looked at the effectiveness of acupuncture in 82 heroin and cocaine addicts who were getting methadone for the first habit but nothing for the second?
When did the first receive from the National Acupuncture Detoxification Association?
What do Margolin and Smith agree?
What do Margolin and Smith agree that acupuncture alone is not?
What does a new study by Yale University researchers say acupuncture is?
What can addicts get treated without losing face with?
What is the field well on on the other hand with an estimated 15,000 licensed acupuncturists in the United States?
What does the work's not anyone has used the treatment for substance abuse?
What does Mitchell say found that acupuncture helped control pain from dental procedures, menstruation and other conditions?
What might be the first large, controlled trial of acupuncture for cocaine addiction?
What does Smith say to?
What does Mitchell say that report found that acupuncture helped control pain from?
Who says, ``we still found an effect over and above that''?
Who says tests show that the needles restore balance to the body's electrical currents?
What does it's not the first time has used the treatment for substance abuse?
Who was the study led by?
What does iT work STILL A MYSTERY While the latest work suggests for, it does not say anything about why it succeeds?
Who is Smith?
What did the first receive eight weeks of standard addiction acupuncture therapy from?
What might the work be the first large, controlled trial of?
If addicts refuse to acknowledge their drug cravings, what do therapists have?
What does iT work While the latest work suggests that acupuncture helps control cravings for cocaine, it does not say anything about why it succeeds?
What did Margolin and his colleagues split the subjects into?
What does Barbara Mitchell, a licensed acupuncturist and executive director of the Acupuncture and Oriental Medicine Alliance in Olalla say the Yale research lends to the practice?
Who can get treated without losing face with acupuncture?
What may &UR; &LR; &QL; Cocaine addicts looking to get clean want to turn to?
Who is a Cornell University psychiatrist who has been practicing acupuncture at Lincoln Hospital in the Bronx for nearly two decades?
What does the National Acupuncture Detoxification Association call for?
What did the treatment get in 1997?
Who say?
What does the work's not the first time?
What does Margolin note that the effect of acupuncture was as good as from drug treatment for cocaine addiction?
What did Margolin and Dr. Michael Smith's colleagues split the subjects into?
What does iT work STILL A MYSTERY While the latest work suggests that acupuncture helps control cravings for cocaine, does not say anything about why it succeeds?
What does Smith say tests show that the needles restore to the body's electrical currents?
What does iT work STILL A MYSTERY for?
Who is Wash.?
What does it's based on a well-controlled clinical study from?
What did the second group have placed in non-therapeutic sites on the ear?
What: Here is MONDAY 'S package of Medical News Today health stories and features prepared by HealthScout. com and distributed to clients by The New York Times Syndicate?
What-- are based on primary sources: reports in refereed medical journals and interviews with the medical researchers who authored them?
What is a California consumer group not just taking with these claims?
What affects weight-bearing joints that include the knee and hip?
What do please call at 212-499-3331 or e-mail vancepwnytimes. com for questions and comments?
Who comes that's right?
What Here's a history topic you do not see with much regularity: constipation?
Whose medical writers and editors-- have previously worked at many of the nation's most respected newspapers and magazines?
Who say and the lack of specialized help contributes to the increased behavioral and social problems among autistic adults living outside their family homes?
What is----- ABOUT HEALTHSCOUT: HealthScout a service of?
What is Rx Remedy, Inc. , the leader in the field of health information and publisher of REMEDY Magazine?
What do BRAIN-OSTEOARTHRITIS-MED _ In?
What appears in the latest issue of the Archives of Internal Medicine?
What does the finding's based on from a major American medical school?
What does SHOES-MAGNETS-MED _ Florsheim say can ease pain and make your legs and back less tired?
Who is James Whorton?
What does a new study by Yale University researchers say is an effective treatment for cocaine abuse?
What does the most common type affect?
What do please call The New York Times Syndicate at 212-499-3331 or e-mail vancepwnytimes. com for?
Whose Scientific Advisory Board-- includes leading authorities in more than a dozen disciplines?
What does CONSTIPATION-HISTORY-MED _ Here's a history topic you do not see with?
What call The New York Times Syndicate at 212-499-3331 or e-mail vancepwnytimes. com for questions and comments?
What do please call The New York Times Syndicate at for questions and comments?
What is not just taking issue with these claims?
What does a new study say fall far short of fulfilling their needs today?
What is unique because it can be so prolonged and difficult to manage?
What does a report on the finding appear in?
What does SHOES-MAGNETS-MED _ Florsheim say?
What is suing the company for touting them as remedies?
What do BRAIN-OSTEOARTHRITIS-MED _ In that's efforts to better understand the nature of knee pain caused by osteoarthritis, researchers are setting?
What is James Whorton author of?
Where are-- All of HealthScout's original stories based?
Who says the lack of specialized help's magnet-laden shoes can ease pain and make your legs and back less tired?
What's based on a well-controlled clinical study from a major American medical school?
What is a degenerative disease of the soft and bony tissues?
What are-- All of HealthScout's original stories based on?
What is Osteoarthritis a degenerative disease of?
What is a California consumer group suing for touting these claims as remedies?
What do BRAIN-OSTEOARTHRITIS-MED _ In, researchers are setting their sights a bit higher-- on the brain?
What says acupuncture is an effective treatment for cocaine abuse?
What does the finding's based on a well-controlled clinical study from?
What can be so prolonged and difficult to manage?
What does CONSTIPATION-HISTORY-MED _ Here's a history topic with?
What is a prize-winning health publication read in 2. 2 American homes?
What-- includes leading authorities in more than a dozen disciplines?
Whose work on sensitive stories do fact-checkers independently confirm?
Who says its magnet-laden shoes can ease pain and make your legs and back less tired?
What is Osteoarthritis the most common type of?
What says aUTISTIC-ADULTS-MED _ Support services for people with autism fall far short of fulfilling their needs today?
What does a new study by Yale University researchers say?
What does it's based on from a major American medical school?
What do BRAIN-OSTEOARTHRITIS-MED _ In their efforts to better understand the nature of knee pain caused by osteoarthritis, researchers are setting?
What does CONSTIPATION-HISTORY-MED _ Here's you do not see with much regularity: constipation?
Who does CONSTIPATION-HISTORY-MED _ Here's a history topic do not see with much regularity: constipation?
What does a new study by Yale University researchers say acupuncture is?
What is a service of Rx Remedy, Inc. , a leader in the field of health information and publisher of REMEDY Magazine?
What is it suing for touting them as remedies?
Who may want to turn to needles for help?
Who-- have previously worked at many of the nation's most respected newspapers and magazines?
What is the most common type of arthritis?
Who say?
What does-- HealthScout's Scientific Advisory Board include?
What does the complete archival guide to the most basic of bodily functions come's right?
What may COCAINE-ACUPUNCTURE-MED _ Cocaine addicts looking to get clean want to turn to?
What have-- HealthScout's medical writers and editors previously worked at?
What do fact-checkers independently confirm?
Who is author of ``Inner Hygiene,'' just published by Oxford University Press?
What is----- ABOUT HEALTHSCOUT: HealthScout?
What is Osteoarthritis?
What independently confirm reporters ' work on sensitive stories?
What is suing the company for touting these claims as remedies?
What does it's based on a well-controlled clinical study from?
What _ In their efforts to better understand the nature of knee pain caused by osteoarthritis, researchers are setting their sights a bit higher-- on the brain?
What is a California consumer group not just taking issue with?
What do experts on drug abuse say?
What appears in the August issue of the journal Archives of Internal Medicine?
Who was Dr. Herbert Kleber?
Who can the department of psychiatry at Yale's medical school and lead author of the report be offered to unlike pharmaceutical treatments?
Who was Dr. Arthur Margolin?
What do the findings suggest that with we can conduct rigorous trials of complementary or alternative therapies?
What has been linked to the release of opioids for example?
What did the Yale researchers insert along the rim of the ear?
What did Margolin say that there were a variety of?
What has acupuncture been linked to the release of opioids for?
What did Margolin say that scientists did not yet understand?
What might stimulate the vagus nerve that runs through the center of the ear?
What does the report appear in?
What did Dr. Arthur Margolin say that among were its low cost and lack of side effects?
What have been inconclusive?
What do experts on drug abuse say cocaine addiction is one of to treat?
What tested free of the drug during the final week of the study in comparison?
What are the stimulation points used in the study associated with in Chinese medicine?
What might the procedure stimulate?
How many men and women in the New Haven area who were addicted to both heroin and cocaine were receiving methadone treatment for the heroin addiction?
Who might help reduce the craving for cocaine?
Who tested free of cocaine at the end of the eight-week study period in the Yale study?
What has one obstacle that has confronted researchers trying to determine whether acupuncture works been?
How many times a week were urine samples taken to test for cocaine use?
How many men and women in the New Haven area who were addicted to both heroin and cocaine did the study involve?
Who said, ``acupuncture appears to be a useful adjunct for decreasing dependence''?
What can it be offered to pregnant women unlike?
Who said, ``This is a pretty good either metaphorical or literal description of a cocaine-addicted individual''?
What are opioids?
Who does Acupuncture appear to help escape their dependence on the drug?
What was financed by the National Institute on Drug Abuse?
Who cautioned that the study was relatively small?
What did Dr. Arthur Margolin say that among the benefits of acupuncture were?
Who suggest that with the proper groundwork we can conduct rigorous trials of complementary or alternative therapies?
What were they still using regularly?
What was the study financed by?
What is familiar with the study?
Who was the medical director of the National Center on Addiction and Substance Abuse in New York and a professor of psychiatry at Columbia University?
Who are the body's natural painkillers?
What have been using acupuncture for some time?
What did Dr. Arthur Margolin say among?
How many men and women in the New Haven area who were addicted to both heroin and cocaine were still using cocaine regularly?
What did Margolin say that there were?
What were taken three times a week to test for cocaine use?
What might opioids help reduce for cocaine?
What suggest that with the proper groundwork we can conduct rigorous trials of complementary or alternative therapies?
Who cautioned that more research needed to be done to confirm the results?
What did they also say with?
What also said that acupuncture was not a panacea and suggested that it should be used along with other therapies like counseling?
Who said that there were a variety of theories?
What were the needles inserted for about 45 minutes per session?
What were receiving methadone treatment for the heroin addiction?
What appears to help some cocaine addicts escape their dependence on the drug?
What do they suggest with?
When were the needles inserted five times a week?
What might opioids help reduce the craving for?
Who also said that acupuncture was not a panacea and suggested that it should be used along with other therapies like counseling?
Who can it be offered to unlike pharmaceutical treatments?
What are associated with a diagnosis called ``empty fire'' in Chinese medicine?
Who added?
What has been the difficulty of finding convincing ``placebo'' treatments to act as scientific controls?
Who said that scientists did not yet understand how acupuncture might work to curb addiction?
What do experts on drug abuse say is one of the most difficult forms of drug dependency to treat?
What were still using cocaine regularly?
Who inserted four needles along the rim of the ear?
What do the findings suggest that with the proper groundwork we can conduct?
Who said that among the benefits of acupuncture were its low cost and lack of side effects?
What involved 82 men and women in the New Haven area who were addicted to both heroin and cocaine?
What do the findings suggest with?
How many times a week were the needles inserted for about 45 minutes per session?
What did the researchers caution?
What does Acupuncture appear to help some cocaine addicts escape?
What is Columbia University familiar with?
Who were receiving methadone treatment for the heroin addiction?
What did the researchers call promising?
Who said, ``These are a difficult group of people to deal with''?
What do experts on drug abuse say cocaine addiction is to treat?
What were dropped from the study after missing sessions?
How many needles did the Yale researchers insert along the rim of the ear?
Who was a research scientist in the department of psychiatry at Yale's medical school and lead author of the report?
What also received psychotherapy as part of the treatment program?
What were urine samples taken to test for cocaine use?
Who said, ``We do not have medicine for treating cocaine addiction''?
What can the department of psychiatry at Yale's medical school and lead author of the report be offered to pregnant women unlike?
Who did the study involve?
What did researchers at Yale University also say with?
What were thirty of the subjects dropped from after missing sessions?
What do they suggest that with the proper groundwork we can conduct rigorous trials of?
What do the findings suggest that with the proper groundwork we can conduct rigorous trials of?
What did all the subjects in the study also receive psychotherapy as?
What are the stimulation points used in the study associated with a diagnosis called ``empty fire'' in?
When did 23. 5 percent of control subjects given ``sham'' acupuncture treatments and 9. 1 percent of subjects who watched relaxation videos test free of the drug in comparison?
What works?
What were inserted five times a week for about 45 minutes per session?
What were used to control for the possibility that simply sitting quietly for 45 minutes in a darkened room might itself produce an effect?
Who called the findings promising?
Who said, ``researchers at Yale University do not have medicine for treating cocaine addiction''?
What was Dr. Herbert Kleber the medical director of?
What has acupuncture been linked to for example?
What were 82 men and women in the New Haven area who were addicted to both heroin and cocaine still using regularly?
What can be offered to pregnant women unlike pharmaceutical treatments?
What do they suggest that with we can conduct rigorous trials of complementary or alternative therapies?
What do they suggest that with the proper groundwork we can conduct?
What did the Yale researchers insert four needles along?
Who say cocaine addiction is one of the most difficult forms of drug dependency to treat?
Who were still using cocaine regularly?
What did Margolin say?
What can good curative effects meet?
What did Zhang Wenkang tell the conference on TCM that the SBTCM plans to choose five prescriptions of with good curative effects?
What has become more popular in world markets in recent years due to few side-effects?
When was a national conference in Beijing told?
What are about 500 million US dollars the year?
What is to develop scientifically-based treatments within the next five years to meet world criteria?
What do chinese acupuncture and moxibustion enjoy?
How many US dollars a year in the world market is China's export volume of TCM only?
What was May 15-- Scientifically-based treatments?
What did Zhang Wenkang say in?
Who told the conference on TCM that the SBTCM plans to choose five prescriptions of Chinese traditional medicine with good curative effects?
What is China's export volume of TCM only?
When was BEIJING?
What is only about 500 million US dollars a year in the world market?
How many US dollars the year are a very small share?
What have also explained why acupuncture can kill pain?
What enjoy a legal status in medical treatment in many developed countries due to efforts by Chinese scientist?
What was told today?
What was Zhang Wenkang director of?
What did Zhang Wenkang tell that the SBTCM plans to choose five prescriptions of Chinese traditional medicine with good curative effects?
What did Zhang Wenkang say that the bureau will conduct a quality standard study of 80 kinds of commonly-used TCM in?
How many prescriptions of Chinese traditional medicine did Zhang Wenkang tell the conference on TCM that the SBTCM plans to choose with good curative effects?
What has chinese traditional medicine become more popular in?
What are a very small share?
What can good curative effects meet the demands of?
What did Zhang Wenkang tell the conference on TCM that the SBTCM plans to choose with good curative effects?
What did he say that the bureau will conduct a quality standard study of 80 kinds of commonly-used TCM in?
Who was director of the State Bureau of Traditional Chinese Medicine?
What is to develop them within the next five years to meet world criteria?
Who was Zhang Wenkang?
What did Zhang Wenkang tell the conference on TCM that the SBTCM plans to choose five prescriptions of Chinese traditional medicine with?
What did Zhang Wenkang tell the conference on TCM with?
What did he say in?
What can meet the demands of the world market?
Who have also explained why acupuncture can kill pain?
What did some Wall Street economists cut estimates for 1998 economic growth by?
Who cut estimates for 1998 economic growth by 0. 5 percentage point or more?
What did some Wall Street economists cut by 0. 5 percentage point or more?
Whose visit to China did the therapy move toward the mainstream in the nation only after in 1972?
What did the committee also say in that acupuncture also is effective in some patients for tennis elbow, muscle pain and menstrual cramps?
What was Medical Acupuncture?
When was WASHINGTON?
Who was a medical doctor who uses Chinese medicine in her practice?
Who did the committee also say in a report that acupuncture also is effective in?
When is acupuncture a major part of an Asian tradition of medicine?
What also said in a report that acupuncture also is effective in some patients for tennis elbow, muscle pain and menstrual cramps?
What involves sticking thin, sharpened needles into specific nerve junction points on the body?
What does the practice of the therapy involve sticking into specific nerve junction points on the body?
What did the 12-member committee selected by the National Institutes of Health say after?
Who did the committee also say in a report in?
What moved toward the mainstream in the nation only after late U. S. President Richard Nixon's visit to China in 1972?
What have chinese practitioners long offered in the U. S.?
What did the therapy move toward only after late U. S. President Richard Nixon's visit to China in 1972?
Who have long offered acupuncture in the U. S.?
What is a major part of an Asian tradition of medicine with a history of more than 2,000 years?
What did today endorse?
What is acupuncture with a history of more than 2,000 years?
Who was Medical Acupuncture an organization of certified to perform acupuncture?
When endorsed Chinese traditional needle therapy acupuncture as part of the mainstream American medicine?
What did Dr. Helga Well-Apelt say, ``For the first time there is a public statement from the Health and Human Services''?
What often are rotated or electrically stimulated?
What did the therapy move toward the mainstream in the nation only after in 1972?
What was November 5-- A U. S. medical expert committee?
Who was president of the American Academy of Medical Acupuncture?
Who was Dr. Bradley J. Williams?
What have chinese practitioners long offered acupuncture in?
When did the therapy move toward the mainstream in the nation only after late U. S. President Richard Nixon's visit to China?
What did the 12-member committee selected by the National Institutes of Health say that ``clear evidence'' has been found after?
What does the practice of the therapy involve sticking thin, sharpened needles into?
Who was Dr. Helga Well-Apelt?
What is acupuncture a major part of with a history of more than 2,000 years?
What was an organization of about 3,000 doctors certified to perform acupuncture?
What was Dr. Bradley J. Williams president of?
What has NEW YORK-- A U. S. National Institutes of Health sponsored panel concluded for?
What said in a press release that it is pleased about the conclusions made by the NIH Consensus Development Conference?
What did the Los Angles-based American Academy of Medical Acupuncture say in a press release about?
What did the Los Angles-based American Academy of Medical Acupuncture say in a press release that it is pleased about?
What did the panel call for significant funding for research in to see how medical acupuncture can best be integrated into the American healthcare system?
What is November 5?
What did the panel acknowledge that a growing number of physicians are recognizing?
When did the Los Angles-based American Academy of Medical Acupuncture announce?
What did AAMA say, ``The NIH-sponsored panel pointed out into''?
What called for significant funding for research in all disciplines of acupuncture to see how medical acupuncture can best be integrated into the American healthcare system?
What did the panel acknowledge that a growing number of physicians are recognizing the effectiveness of?
Who did the panel acknowledge?
What acknowledged that a growing number of physicians are recognizing the effectiveness of acupuncture?
What has concluded that acupuncture merits inclusion in the comprehensive treatment for certain common conditions, and called for further research in its application?
What announced this today?
What did the panel call for in all disciplines of acupuncture to see how medical acupuncture can best be integrated into the American healthcare system?
What did the Los Angles-based American Academy of Medical Acupuncture say in that it is pleased about the conclusions made by the NIH Consensus Development Conference?
What did the panel call for significant funding for research in all disciplines of acupuncture to see into?
When is NEW YORK?
How many diseases did it announce that one branch has published a guidebook on herbal medicines in 1980?
What are now selling 10 to 15 billion U. S. dollars worth?
What does this trade amount to?
What are two to three times the 1990 figure?
What did Prof. Zhang tell a national medical symposium today about?
When did it announce 43 diseases that it considered suitable for treatment by acupuncture and moxibustion?
What announced 43 diseases that it considered suitable for treatment by acupuncture and moxibustion in 1980?
What are BEIJING now selling?
When did it announce 43 diseases that one branch has published a guidebook on herbal medicines?
How many traditional medicine centers has the WHO has also put traditional medicine development on its agenda and built?
What did it announce 43 diseases that it considered suitable for by acupuncture and moxibustion in 1980?
What did Prof. Zhang tell a national medical symposium today that one of the reasons for the increasing popularity is about?
What is May 30-- Chinese herbal medicines?
What amounts to 10 to 15 percent of the world's total?
What did it announce that it considered suitable for treatment by acupuncture and moxibustion in 1980?
What has the WHO has also put traditional medicine development on its agenda and built?
Who is director of a traditional medicine institute in Tianjin?
When are 10 to 15 billion U. S. dollars worth?
What is that new medicines need a lot of time and money to develop?
What announced 43 diseases that one branch has published a guidebook on herbal medicines in 1980?
When is BEIJING?
What has built 26 traditional medicine centers?
What did it announce 43 diseases that one branch has published in 1980?
How many times the 1990 figure are 10 to 15 billion U. S. dollars worth?
What is Prof. Zhang Boli director of?
How many diseases did it announce that it considered suitable for treatment by acupuncture and moxibustion in 1980?
What is another reason?
What is another reason that new medicines need to develop?
How many U. S. dollars worth are BEIJING now selling?
How many U. S. dollars worth are two to three times the 1990 figure?
What did it announce that one branch has published a guidebook on herbal medicines in 1980?
When is another reason that new medicines need a lot to develop?
Who is Prof. Zhang Boli?
What did it announce 43 diseases for in 1980?
What did it announce 43 diseases in 1980?
What did it announce 43 diseases that it considered suitable for treatment by in 1980?
What are some derived from centuries-old spiritual and healing traditions of non-Western societies?
How many visits did participants in the study make annually to a conventional doctor on average?
What do LOS ANGELES now turn to alternative forms of medicine to cure when regular medicine has failed?
What does ``alternative medicine'' cover a range of products and treatment as new and high-tech as?
What did the random telephone survey of 1,000 people find that 56 percent of those surveyed believe their health plans should cover?
What did the random telephone survey of 1,000 people find that 56 percent of those surveyed believe?
What are products and treatment some derived from centuries-old spiritual and healing traditions of?
What alone decided this year to cover acupuncture and traditional Chinese medicine?
When did the Stanford University Medical Center open a similar patient-care program?
What still rely on Western medicine for basic health care?
What are also willing to pay for it in their medical insurance premiums?
What are particularly chronic diseases?
How many major health insurance firms in California alone decided this year to cover acupuncture and traditional Chinese medicine?
What now turn to alternative forms of medicine to cure their illness when regular medicine has failed?
What did the random telephone survey of 1,000 people find that 56 percent of those surveyed believe should cover alternative care?
What was the random telephone survey conducted by?
What reflected the growing acceptance of alternative medicine in the United States?
What did the Stanford survey reflect the growing acceptance of in the United States?
What will Americans spend 3. 65 billion dollars on this year?
When is LOS ANGELES?
What did participants in the study make four visits annually to a conventional doctor on?
What did a landmark survey by Harvard Medical School reveal?
What did the random telephone survey of 1,000 people find?
What are also willing to pay for a recent nationwide survey in their medical insurance premiums?
When did a medical center in Los Angeles open its integrative medicine program?
What are non-Western societies?
What is September 21-- Almost 70 percent of Americans?
What takes the lead in this trend?
What are others?
What did the Stanford survey reflect the growing acceptance of alternative medicine in?
What did a Los Angeles Times report say that alternative medicine is now edging into the U. S. mainstream?
Whose disease is arthritis and chronic pain?
Where did the Stanford survey reflect the growing acceptance of alternative medicine?
What did the Stanford survey reflect in the United States?
What opened a similar patient-care program in April?
Who did participants in the study make four visits annually to on average?
What opened its integrative medicine program in May?
What has made considerably less progress against lingering health problems such as Alzheimer's disease?
How many people are also willing to pay for a recent nationwide survey in their medical insurance premiums?
What did six major health insurance firms in California alone decide this year to cover?
What does California take?
What did a medical center in Los Angeles open in May?
What is arthritis and chronic pain?
What are certain health problems?
What was conducted by the Stanford Center for Research in Disease Prevention?
What did a Los Angeles Times report say into?
What revealed that one in three Americans used non-traditional or non-Western medicine?
What did the Stanford University Medical Center open in April?
What does ``alternative medicine'' cover as new and high-tech as pressurized oxygen chambers?
What found that 56 percent of those surveyed believe their health plans should cover alternative care?
Who made four visits annually to a conventional doctor on average?
What spent 14 billion dollars a year in treatment?
What did one in three Americans spend 14 billion dollars a year in?
What are products and treatment?
When did six major health insurance firms in California alone decide to cover acupuncture and traditional Chinese medicine?
Who will spend 3. 65 billion dollars on herbal remedies this year?
What does ``alternative medicine'' cover a range of as new and high-tech as pressurized oxygen chambers?
What do LOS ANGELES now turn to to cure their illness when regular medicine has failed?
What covers a range of products and treatment as new and high-tech as pressurized oxygen chambers?
What do half the people who seek out alternative practitioners still rely on?
What did a landmark survey by Harvard Medical School reveal that one in three Americans used?
What has western medicine made against lingering health problems such as Alzheimer's disease?
What is Alzheimer's disease?
Who are also willing to pay for it in their medical insurance premiums?
What said that alternative medicine is now an 18-billion-dollar industry edging into the U. S. mainstream?
What did the survey respondents say in on average?
What did participants in the study make annually to a conventional doctor on average?
Who were more than four out of 10?
What said the Washington Post Wednesday by quoting studies published in the Journal of the American Medical Association?
Who did a new survey by a Harvard research team say used some form of alternative medical treatment last year?
What said an estimated 83 million American adults used some form of alternative medical treatment last year?
What were among the fastest growing therapies?
Who said that visits to practitioners have increased 47 percent since 1990?
How many estimated American adults said that visits to practitioners have increased 47 percent since 1990?
When did they say that visits to practitioners have increased 47 percent?
Who have expressed concern that herbal products may carry dangerous impurities?
Who said, ``WASHINGTON is the beginning of the beginning of acceptance of some forms of 1998 alternative medicine into mainstream medicine in the United States''?
Who was George Lundberg?
Who said, ``It is the beginning of the beginning of acceptance of some forms of 1998 alternative medicine into mainstream medicine in the United States''?
How many estimated American adults did a new survey by a Harvard research team say used some form of alternative medical treatment last year?
What was George Lundberg editor of?
What said that visits to practitioners have increased 47 percent since 1990?
When did they say?
What do herbal products not have to meet?
When did an estimated 83 million American adults say?
What were herbal remedies, massage, megavitamins, relaxation techniques and ``spiritual healing'' among?
What was November 11-- The number of Americans who are using alternative treatments such as herbal supplements, massage therapy and megavitamins is increasing dramatically?
What were the estimated 83 million American adults?
When did an estimated 83 million American adults say that visits to practitioners have increased 47 percent?
What did they say that visits to practitioners have increased since 1990?
What were the estimated 83 million American adults more than four out of?
What have some medical experts expressed that herbal products may carry dangerous impurities?
How many estimated American adults were more than four out of 10?
What have some medical experts expressed concern?
Who was WASHINGTON?
What do not have to meet any official government purity or manufacturing standards?
What have some medical experts expressed concern that herbal products may carry?
What did an estimated 83 million American adults say that visits to practitioners have increased since 1990?
Who was editor of the JAMA?
What have Japan, the United States, and the Republic, also established to explore?
What have Japan, the United States, and the Republic, also established special organizations to popularize?
Who is vice president of the Chinese Acupuncture Society?
What is effective with 98. 56 percent of the cases treated?
What is invented by professor Shi Xueming?
Who has the hospital working with Shi set up some ten centers across China to train in the practice of this therapy?
What has the treatment also been adopted in to treat apoplexy?
What have created?
What has already been listed as one of the top-ten traditional medical achievements this year?
When is TIANJIN?
What does the cure rate reach?
What have also established special organizations to explore?
When has the therapy already been listed as one of the top-ten traditional medical achievements?
What has the hospital working with Shi set up to train medical workers in the practice of this therapy?
What are ready to popularize an acupuncture therapy for apoplexy?
What is professor Shi Xueming vice president of?
What has set up some ten centers across China to train medical workers in the practice of this therapy?
What has the hospital working with Shi set up some ten centers across China to train medical workers in?
What is the method effective with treated?
What is May 15-- Chinese medical workers?
When reaches 59. 27 percent?
What has the therapy already been listed as this year?
What has also been adopted in more than 80 countries to treat apoplexy?
Who is professor Shi Xueming?
What have also established special organizations to popularize this method?
What have Japan, the United States, and the Republic, also established to popularize this method?
Who is the therapy invented by?
What have China and the World Health Organization made achievements in in a bid to introduce?
What did Shen Zhixiang note that traditional Chinese medicine has been exported to?
What did Shen point out that by 1998, China had conducted governmental level exchanges and cooperation on traditional Chinese medicine with?
Who was Shen Zhixiang?
Who noted that traditional Chinese medicine has been exported to over 130 countries and regions?
What did an official of the State Administration of Traditional Chinese Medicine here Saturday say BEIJING-- The efficacy of traditional Chinese medicine is now being acknowledged by?
How many foreigners from over 130 countries and regions in traditional Chinese medicine in the past decade has China trained worldwide?
What has trained nearly 15,000 foreigners from over 130 countries and regions in traditional Chinese medicine in the past decade worldwide?
How many US dollars were a figure expected to grow each year?
Who was an official with the State Administration of Traditional Chinese Medicine?
What do most countries and regions worldwide have devoted to traditional Chinese medicine?
Who were 600 million US dollars?
What worldwide have various kinds of clinics and research centers devoted to traditional Chinese medicine?
When was BEIJING?
What do most countries and regions worldwide have various kinds of devoted to traditional Chinese medicine?
What has sent several hundred medical teams and over 10,000 doctors to foreign countries?
What did an official of the State Administration of Traditional Chinese Medicine here Saturday say is now being acknowledged by more and more people around the world?
When did Shen point out?
What was April 23?
What has China sent several hundred medical teams and over 10,000 doctors to?
Who said BEIJING-- The efficacy of traditional Chinese medicine is now being acknowledged by more and more people around the world?
Who has China trained worldwide?
How many medical teams and over 10,000 doctors has China sent to foreign countries?
What were a figure expected to grow each year?
What did Shen Zhixiang note to?
What extends the influence of this method of treatment?
What are especially developing countries?
What has China sent to foreign countries?
What does traditional Chinese medicine extend the influence of?
What does traditional Chinese medicine extend?
What are foreign countries?
What have China and the World Health Organization made achievements in in a bid to promote traditional Chinese medicine to the world?
