How many endangered Mexican gray wolves have been freed to-- roam the Apache National Forest?
What was Dave Parsons?
Who can track them?
What can biologists track?
What can hunters distinguish from coyotes, and radio transmitters so biologists can track them?
What is the first of their breed released this year in efforts to restore the animals in their natural habitat?
What did the program get off to?
What call for another 11 wolves to be put into the wild this spring during the breeding season?
What is the Apache National Forest?
What did he say ?
What do plans call for another 11 wolves to be put into this spring during the breeding season?
What is pending?
Who said ``It gives us a chance to put wolves in a much more remote area''?
Who can biologists track?
What will have fluorescent collars?
What are the wolves native to?
What has the federal and state wolf program changed its approach in its second year after?
When have two other adults been free?
Who can distinguish them from coyotes, and radio transmitters so biologists can track them?
Who can track fluorescent collars?
When has five of 11 animals released been released?
What-- roam the Apache National Forest?
Who can hunters distinguish from coyotes, and radio transmitters so biologists can track them?
What has changed its approach in its second year after criticism from ranchers and other local residents?
How many males whose first mates were among the five killed were recaptured?
When were two adults and two pups born last year released after spending two months in an acclimation pen at Turkey Creek?
When has one been released?
What do plans call for to be put into the wild this spring during the breeding season?
When do plans call for another 11 wolves to be put into the wild this spring?
How many other adults have been free since December?
What were fairly anxious to run free?
What is presumed dead?
What will now be more remote?
Who said?
Who was head of the U. S. Fish and Wildlife Service's Mexican gray wolf recovery program?
Where are the wolves native?
What got off to a rocky start in 1998 when five of 11 animals released were shot to death?
What does that include?
What could the biologists retreat from?
What is missing?
What are native to Arizona, New Mexico and northern Mexico?
What were returned to captivity?
What can hunters distinguish fluorescent collars from so biologists can track them?
Who can distinguish fluorescent collars from coyotes, and radio transmitters so biologists can track them?
What is the first of four endangered Mexican gray wolves have been freed to's breed released this year in efforts to restore the animals in their natural habitat?
How many other females were returned to captivity?
What has been released a second time?
How many adults and two pups born last year were released Monday after spending two months in an acclimation pen at Turkey Creek?
What were three other females returned to?
What did Dave Parsons say ?
When do plans call for another 11 wolves to be put into the wild during the breeding season?
What is the Apache National Forest the first of?
What have been made?
Who were released Monday after spending two months in an acclimation pen at Turkey Creek?
What did Dave Parsons say ``gives two adults and two pups born last year a chance to put wolves in a much more remote area''?
What do-- Four endangered Mexican gray wolves have been freed to roam?
What has the federal and state wolf program changed in its second year after criticism from ranchers and other local residents?
Who could retreat from the pen?
Who have been free since December?
What were recaptured?
What did he say ``gives us a chance to put wolves in a much more remote area''?
What was Dave Parsons head of?
What can hunters distinguish them from so biologists can track them?
What includes a pair that will be carried by pack mules in specially built crates in mid-April into the Blue Range Primitive Area in eastern Arizona?
What will all the animals being released have?
When has the federal and state wolf program changed its approach after criticism from ranchers and other local residents?
What do Wildlife officials follow?
What were shot?
What is the adult male and female?
Who was director of natural resources for the Arizona Cattlemen's Association?
What were trapped to near extinction by the 1970s?
What are in eastern Arizona's wilderness as part of the reintroduction program?
What were killed?
Where do officials hope to relocate the pack?
Where are five packs with more than two dozen wolves as part of the reintroduction program?
What is the food source instead of?
Who was a spokesman for the Apache-Sitgreaves National Forest?
When did federal wildlife officials say they have confirmed two attacks on calves Sunday?
Who said, ``an experiment in that location did not work''?
Who said, ``Wildlife officials 're responding''?
Where are mexican gray wolves native?
When have Wildlife officials tracked the pack?
What did federal wildlife officials say on Thursday?
What are mexican gray wolves native to?
Who do officials hope to catch?
What-- is being relocated?
Who was C. B. Lane?
What are native to Arizona, New Mexico and northern Mexico?
Who said, ``it did not work''?
What was C. B. Lane director of for the Arizona Cattlemen's Association?
Who were recently captured?
What do officials hope to relocate to an area free of livestock?
Who was Bob Dyson?
What did federal wildlife officials say have confirmed two attacks on calves Sunday on Thursday?
What opposes the reintroduction program?
Who were re-captured?
What did Federal officials say?
What were poisoned?
What is instead of deer, elk and other wildlife?
What get used to livestock as a food source?
Who hope to intercede before the pups get used to livestock as a food source?
Who said they have confirmed two attacks on calves Sunday on Thursday?
Who said, ``they 're responding''?
What have Wildlife officials tracked for two weeks?
What did Bob Dyson say there is?
What were mexican gray wolves trapped to by the 1970s?
Who said, ``Wildlife officials tried an experiment in that location''?
Who said, ``They tried an experiment in that location''?
Who did federal wildlife officials say have confirmed two attacks on calves Sunday on Thursday?
Who hope to catch the adult female and her pups?
What do officials hope to relocate the pack to?
What do the pups get used to livestock as?
Who follow complaints from ranchers in the Apache National Forest?
Who said there have been other instances where wolves chased cattle but were driven off by people?
How many packs with more than two dozen wolves are in eastern Arizona's wilderness as part of the reintroduction program?
Who is a female yearling and an unknown number of pups?
When were mexican gray wolves trapped to near extinction?
What did Bob Dyson say?
What do the pups get used to as a food source?
What are five packs with more than two dozen wolves in as part of the reintroduction program?
Who hope to relocate the pack to an area free of livestock?
What does the Arizona Cattlemen's Association oppose?
What are five packs with more than two dozen wolves in eastern Arizona's wilderness as?
How many captive-born wolves released last year were killed?
Who said there is speculation that pups may have seen?
Who have tracked the pack for two weeks?
What did Federal officials say there have been?
What do ranchers and state farm bureaus say the wolves endanger?
Who did a federal appeals court rule Thursday that hundreds of transplanted Canadian wolves can remain in the northern Rockies?
What did Van Putten say there is a thriving population of as a result of the reintroduction program?
Who stayed his ruling pending the decision by the federal appeals court?
What does Jon Robinett say Mark Van Putten's livestock has been attacked repeatedly by wolves at about 40 miles from Yellowstone?
Who also claim that the program is unnecessary because there is already a viable wolf population in the area?
What did a federal appeals court rule Thursday in?
What did U. S. District Judge William Downes stay his ruling pending?
What did environmental groups that joined Interior Secretary Bruce Babbitt and other government agencies in the appeal of the Wyoming ruling say Thursday's decision sets?
What did the appeals court say were intended to allow the Interior Department flexibility in its approaches to the goals of preserving and recovering threatened animals?
What said Thursday's decision sets an important precedent?
What did environmental groups point out by?
What did Van Putten say there is a thriving population of about 300 wolves in Yellowstone and central Idaho as?
What called the decision ``a ringing endorsement to our wolf reintroduction program?''
What are native wolves covered by?
What said the reintroduction program violates the Endangered Species Act by providing different protections to the native and the reintroduced wolves?
What did Mark Van Putten say, ``I just do not think to''?
What did Van Putten say as?
What reversed a 1997 decision by a Wyoming federal judge who ruled that a government wolf reintroduction program in Yellowstone National Park and central Idaho was illegal?
What do they also claim?
What did Babbitt call to environmental groups's wolf reintroduction program?''
What was a decision?
What deny that, and say there may be only a few lone native wolves?
What did Van Putten say there is as a result of the reintroduction program?
What did the appeals court say?
What does Jon Robinett say Mark Van Putten's livestock has been attacked repeatedly by at his ranch in Dubois about 40 miles from Yellowstone?
Who did he say, ``I just do not think to''?
When did a federal appeals court rule that hundreds of transplanted Canadian wolves can remain in the northern Rockies environmentalists hailed as a boon for species recovery efforts nationwide?
What said a limit to that flexibility ``ignores biological reality and misconstrues the larger purpose'' of the law?
What are the groups suing over the program?
What did he say, ``I just do not think to''?
Who says Mark Van Putten's livestock has been attacked repeatedly by wolves at his ranch in Dubois about 40 miles from Yellowstone?
Who was Wyo.?
Who was president of the National Wildlife Federation?
What called the decision ``a ringing endorsement to environmental groups's wolf reintroduction program?''
What are covered by the Endangered Species Act?
What did they point out by?
Who said there is a thriving population of about 300 wolves in Yellowstone and central Idaho as a result of the reintroduction program?
What say the wolves endanger livestock?
What do they say endanger livestock?
What was the northern Rockies?
What are the American Farm Bureau Federation and state chapters in Wyoming, Montana and Idaho?
What did a federal appeals court rule Thursday that hundreds of transplanted Canadian wolves can remain in environmentalists hailed as a boon for species recovery efforts nationwide?
Who did the farm groups say to?
What does Jon Robinett say Mark Van Putten's livestock has been attacked repeatedly by wolves at his ranch in Dubois from?
What also claim that the program is unnecessary because there is already a viable wolf population in the area?
Who did Mark Van Putten say, ``I just do not think to''?
What did U. S. District Judge William Downes order removed?
What do the government and environmental groups deny that, and say?
What did Babbitt call to our wolf reintroduction program?''
Whose livestock does Jon Robinett say has been attacked repeatedly by wolves at his ranch in Dubois about 40 miles from Yellowstone?
Who oppose the 5-year-old program because they say the wolves endanger livestock?
What does Jon Robinett say has been attacked repeatedly by wolves at his ranch in Dubois about 40 miles from Yellowstone?
What does Jon Robinett say his livestock has been attacked repeatedly by at his ranch in Dubois about 40 miles from Yellowstone?
Who did the 10th U. S. Circuit Court of Appeals reverse a 1997 decision by?
Who said, ``The practical effect is that the wolves are here to stay''?
What did environmental groups that joined Interior Secretary Bruce Babbitt and other government agencies in the appeal of the Wyoming ruling say sets an important precedent?
What was Mark Van Putten president of?
What did Mark Van Putten say, ``The practical effect is''?
What was Dubois?
Who ordered the reintroduced wolves removed?
Who say the wolves endanger livestock?
What does Jon Robinett say his livestock has been attacked repeatedly by wolves at about 40 miles from Yellowstone?
What did Babbitt call the decision ``a ringing endorsement to?''
Who said, ``I just do not think environmental groups paid close enough attention to what was presented to them''?
What do they say the wolves endanger?
What did the farm groups say the reintroduction program violates by providing different protections to the native and the reintroduced wolves?
What does Jon Robinett say by?
What did U. S. District Judge William Downes stay pending the decision by the federal appeals court?
What do ranchers and state farm bureaus also claim?
Who was disappointed with the ruling?
What did the appeals court say a limit to that flexibility ``ignores biological reality and misconstrues the larger purpose'' of?
Who was Mark Van Putten?
What ruled Thursday that hundreds of transplanted Canadian wolves can remain in the northern Rockies environmentalists hailed as a boon for species recovery efforts nationwide?
What did the farm groups say violates the Endangered Species Act by providing different protections to the native and the reintroduced wolves?
What do ranchers and state farm bureaus oppose because they say the wolves endanger livestock?
Who says his livestock has been attacked repeatedly by wolves at his ranch in Dubois about 40 miles from Yellowstone?
What was Jon Robinett disappointed with?
What did environmental groups that joined Interior Secretary Bruce Babbitt and other government agencies in the appeal of the Wyoming ruling say?
Whose livestock does Jon Robinett say by?
Who said, ``I just do not think they paid close enough attention to what was presented to them''?
What do ranchers and state farm bureaus say endanger livestock?
What does Jon Robinett say his livestock has been attacked repeatedly by wolves at his ranch in Dubois from?
What has resulted in more than 300 wolves in Wyoming, Idaho and Montana?
What did she say the increase in the number of wolves will allow her agency to structure wolf recovery to meet?
What reflects the success of wolf recovery programs?
What is the gray wolf currently classified as?
Where has the reintroduction of wolves in Yellowstone resulted in more than 300 wolves?
What does the proposal reflect the success of?
What would the Interior Department proposal classify most of as threatened rather than endangered?
What did Bob Ferris of Defenders of Wildlife say the Interior Department proposal's?
What would the wolves be removed from?
What did they say those include vast areas of?
What did she say the increase in the number of wolves will allow her agency to structure to meet the needs of the species and those of the people?
What do they continue to be under?
What continue to be under the threat of extinction?
What would the Interior Department proposal classify as threatened rather than endangered?
Who was director of the U. S. Fish and Wildlife Service?
What do endangered gray wolves continue to be under?
What did she say the increase in the number of wolves will allow her agency to structure wolf recovery to meet the needs of?
Who was Jamie Rappaport Clark?
What would the U. S. Fish and Wildlife Service establish four distinct population segments in which the wolves are found or are expected to migrate under?
What said those include vast areas of the West and even parts of New England?
What did Jamie Rappaport Clark say the recovery of the gray wolf was?
What did all those except the Mexican gray wolf in the Southwest say those include?
Who continue to be under the threat of extinction?
What did she say will allow her agency to structure wolf recovery to meet the needs of the species and those of the people?
What does that mean authorities would have in developing management plans that take into account concerns from private landowners?
What did Bob Ferris of Defenders of Wildlife say it's a mixture of?
What did he say to?
What has the reintroduction of wolves in Yellowstone resulted in more than 300 wolves in?
How many distinct population segments would the U. S. Fish and Wildlife Service establish in which the wolves are found or are expected to migrate under the proposal?
What to expand into areas in which they currently are not found?
Who said the increase in the number of wolves will allow her agency to structure wolf recovery to meet the needs of the species and those of the people?
What does that mean would have greater leeway in developing management plans that take into account concerns from private landowners?
What did Jamie Rappaport Clark say the recovery of the gray wolf was story?
What does the proposal reflect?
What did Bob Ferris of Defenders of Wildlife say to?
Who said?
What did Jamie Rappaport Clark say an endangered species success story?
What did all those except the Mexican gray wolf in the Southwest say those include vast areas of?
What did they say those include?
What did Jamie Rappaport Clark say the increase in the number of wolves will allow her agency to structure wolf recovery to meet?
What has the reintroduction of wolves in Yellowstone resulted in in Wyoming, Idaho and Montana?
Who said the Interior Department proposal's a mixture of good news and bad?
What did she say?
What wolf populations to expand into in which they currently are not found?
What did all those except the Mexican gray wolf in the Southwest say include vast areas of the West and even parts of New England?
What did Jamie Rappaport Clark say was an endangered species success story?
What did Jamie Rappaport Clark say the increase in the number of wolves will allow her agency to structure wolf recovery to meet the needs of?
What does that mean?
What may wolves be given?
What did she say the increase in the number of wolves will allow to structure wolf recovery to meet the needs of the species and those of the people?
What would the U. S. Fish and Wildlife Service establish in which the wolves are found or are expected to migrate under the proposal?
What would classify most of the wolves as threatened rather than endangered?
What did Bob Ferris of Defenders of Wildlife say it's?
What also may be captured or killed if they threaten livestock or fall under another less restrictive provision of a formal wolf management plan?
What did Jamie Rappaport Clark say will allow her agency to structure wolf recovery to meet the needs of the species and those of the people?
What is currently classified as endangered throughout the country except in Alaska and in Minnesota-- where it has a threatened classification?
What has the recovery of the wolves been impressive across?
What did Jamie Rappaport Clark say?
What brought mixed response from conservation groups with some praising the move and others expressing concern that the lesser protection might endanger attempts to expand the wolf's range?
Who said those include vast areas of the West and even parts of New England?
What would be removed from all Endangered Species protection in all or part of 30 states where wolf introduction is unlikely?
Who said the recovery of the gray wolf was an endangered species success story?
What means authorities would have greater leeway in developing management plans that take into account concerns from private landowners?
What said while the proposal reflects the success of wolf recovery programs?
What was Jamie Rappaport Clark director of?
What may wolves be given somewhat lower levels of?
Who said it's a mixture of good news and bad?
What may be given somewhat lower levels of protection?
What did Bob Ferris of Defenders of Wildlife say the Interior Department proposal's a mixture of?
What did they say include vast areas of the West and even parts of New England?
What did Bob Ferris of Defenders of Wildlife say's a mixture of good news and bad?
What would establish four distinct population segments in which the wolves are found or are expected to migrate under the proposal?
What eclipses previous habitat planning reviews in both depth and scope?
What do _ Almost two-thirds of the plans fail to show that the improvements minimize as much as is practicable?
What have negotiated or are working on agreements that would effect about 11 million acres in Washington, Oregon California, Idaho and Montana?
What is seeking shorter duration and more clauses that would force landowners to tighten safeguards if new species problems developed?
What follows mounting criticism from other quarters?
What did he say is spurring his agency to rewrite guidelines for habitat planning?
What have Interior Department officials been working on to require plans to have clear monitoring programs?
Who was Peter Kareiva the University of who supervised the study?
What does the Clinton administration contend?
Who are timber companies in the Northwest?
What do 208 of 227 habitat plans 've got?
What were pure science?
What is the draft study performed by 119 independent scientists with funding?
What includes one quarter of non-federal commercial timberland in the region?
What is what 208 of 227 habitat plans have to do see if there are lessons?
What has a broad new study found has often relied on shaky science?
What did Interior Secretary Bruce Babbitt say?
Who have been working on language to require plans to have clear monitoring programs?
What did he say ?
What does the Clinton administration contend get owners of private land to preserve or improve habitat that otherwise might be lost?
What has the administration fequently substituted for bans on disturbing species protected by the Act?
What do the areas covered by the habitat conservation plans range from to the red-cockaded woodpecker's longleaf pine forests in North Carolina?
What fail to show that the improvements minimize damage to the species as much as is practicable?
What is look at all of them?
What did one notable exception to the environmental group critics say ?
What do _ Almost two-thirds of the plans fail to show?
What is performed by 119 independent scientists with National Science Foundation funding?
What did the White House announce in February?
Who 've got a couple hundred HCPs?
What does that land include?
What requires?
What expands on findings reported in December?
What is Michael Bean of the Environmental Defense Fund on on U. S. wildlife law?
What said ``HCPs have the potential to produce results that are far better than some of those complaints could otherwise expect''?
When has _ The agency been negotiating plans that last?
What did Interior Secretary Bruce Babbitt say?''
What was the study coordinated by the National Center for Ecological Analysis and Synthesis at the University of California at Santa Barbara with?
What contends the plans get owners of private land to preserve or improve habitat that otherwise might be lost?
How many scientists warned they ``have the potential to become habitat giveaways that contribute to threats to listed species and their habitats''?
Who evaluated 208 of 227 habitat plans?
Who noted that the plans cannot be delayed for perfect data and are negotiated compromises?
What stem?
Who is the Environmental Defense Fund?
What are owners of private land the site of?
What is currently sufficient to support recovery of the species or what cumulative impacts would result from piecemeal loss of habitat?
What did she say?
Who said he welcomed the study as ``innovative'' and ``helpful?''
What were compromises?
What did the White House announce in February it intends to improve?
Who have negotiated or are working on agreements that would effect about 11 million acres in Washington, Oregon California, Idaho and Montana?
What did he say ``have the potential to produce results that are far better than we could otherwise expect''?
What fail to assess whether habitat is currently sufficient to support recovery of the species or what cumulative impacts would result from piecemeal loss of habitat?
What do they allow the landowners to develop log _ or otherwise use _?
What did Interior Secretary Bruce Babbitt say he welcomed as ``innovative'' and ``helpful?''
Who 're spreading rapidly?
What is what we have to do look at?
What did Interior Secretary Bruce Babbitt say is spurring his agency to rewrite guidelines for habitat planning?
What did the White House announce in February intends to improve HCP guidelines?
When did Peter Kareiva say, ``There are a huge number of Habitat Conservatin Plans that probably should not have been written''?
When is the government seeking?
What did he say ``HCPs have''?
What is go back?
Who could not be reached for comment on the latest version of the report?
Who said suburban sage-scrub brush of gnatcatchers in Southern California is spurring his agency to rewrite guidelines for habitat planning?
What did Babbitt dismiss many of as necessary growing pains for a new program in a recent interview?
What did Laverne Smith decline to respond to?
What does that land include one quarter of?
What supported some of those complaints?
Who declined to respond to any of the draft's specific criticisms?
What does the study follow mounting?
What dismissed many of the problems as necessary growing pains for a new program in a recent interview?
What have the plans reshaped?
What do the landowners agree to make in return?
Who do they allow _ their property?
What said, ``we 're cutting it out of whole cloth''?
What said, ``208 of 227 habitat plans 're cutting this stuff out of whole cloth''?
What has fequently more than 200 Habitat Conservation Plans substituted for bans on disturbing species protected by the Act?
What was the draft obtained by?
What does Bean agree?
What highlights scientific weaknesses in more than 200 Habitat Conservation Plans?
Who allow the landowners to develop log _ or otherwise use _ their property?
What do they allow?
What was ``especially common?''
Who agrees that some of the plans are ``lousy,'' but says they can produce net gains?
What does the study conclude?
What have large landowners come to enthusiastically embrace?
What are large landowners?
What announced in February it intends to improve HCP guidelines?
What do more than 200 Habitat Conservation Plans allow?
What was the study coordinated by with financial assistance from the National Science Foundation and the American Institute for Biological Sciences?
What does the study conclude that the plans often lack scientific support for conclusions that they would help?
What did a draft of the new study support?
What has the administration fequently more than 200 Habitat Conservation Plans substituted for?
What did Laverne Smith say is being drafted?
What does the draft study highlight?
What do we 've got?
What is a highly regarded expert?
Who are the site of 80 percent of endangered species habitat?
What are owners of private land?
What did 167 scientists warn?
Who was Laverne Smith?
What said, ``Obviously, this stuff is all new''?
Who do more than 200 Habitat Conservation Plans allow _ their property?
What did he say it is spurring to rewrite guidelines for habitat planning?
What do the areas covered by the habitat conservation plans range from suburban sage-scrub brush of gnatcatchers in Southern California to?
What are clear monitoring programs?
What do the scientists from eight universities evaluate?
How many scientists complained about the plans ' lack of independent scientific review?
What says that the estimates of the plans ' impact on senstivie species are?
What did Federal officials note for?
What does the study say?
What have also raised concerns?
What 're spreading rapidly?
Who said a formal response is being drafted?
Who have come to enthusiastically embrace the plans?
Who is the draft study performed by with National Science Foundation funding?
What does the draft study expand on?
What was Laverne Smith chief of?
What are agreements between landowners and the federal government?
Who does the Clinton administration contend the plans get to preserve or improve habitat that otherwise might be lost?
Who was chief of Interior's Division of Endangered Species?
What do the landowners agree to make habitat improvements that lessen the harm to the endangered plants or animals in?
What have the plans drawn in recent years?
What does the study conclude that the plans often lack scientific support for conclusions?
What is one notable exception to the environmental group critics Michael Bean of on on U. S. wildlife law?
When did the White House announce it intends to improve HCP guidelines?
What has found the Clinton Administration's trademark new approach to enforcing the Endangered Species Act on millions of acres of private lands has often relied on shaky science?
What is what we have to do see if there are lessons?
What was obtained by the Post-Intelligencer?
What was Peter Kareiva?
What is see if there are lessons we can learn?
What did Babbitt dismiss as necessary growing pains for a new program in a recent interview?
What did he say?
What do more than 200 Habitat Conservation Plans allow the landowners to develop log _ or otherwise use _?
What range from suburban sage-scrub brush of gnatcatchers in Southern California to the red-cockaded woodpecker's longleaf pine forests in North Carolina?
When have the plans drawn mounting criticism from environmental groups and some conservation biologists?
What are measurable biological goals and more public review?
Who warned they ``have the potential to become habitat giveaways that contribute to threats to listed species and their habitats''?
What did a draft of the new study support some of?
What has _ The agency been negotiating as long as 100 years?
What did Babbitt dismiss many of the problems as necessary growing pains for a new program in?
Who is one notable exception to the environmental group critics on on U. S. wildlife law?
What did Laverne Smith say?
What do the scientists from eight universities evaluate 208 of?
Who did Interior Secretary Bruce Babbitt say welcomed the study as ``innovative'' and ``helpful?''
What allow the landowners to develop log _ or otherwise use _ their property?
What did 167 scientists complain about?
What could Kareiva not be reached for?
What does the study conclude that the plans often lack that they would help at-risk species?
What has been negotiating plans that last as long as 100 years?
What concludes that the plans often lack scientific support for conclusions that they would help at-risk species?
Who said ``HCPs have the potential to produce results that are far better than we could otherwise expect''?
What does the study eclipse?
Who said, ``There are a huge number of Habitat Conservatin Plans that probably should not have been written'' at that time?
What 've got a couple hundred HCPs?
What did Interior Secretary Bruce Babbitt say suburban sage-scrub brush of gnatcatchers in Southern California is spurring to rewrite guidelines for habitat planning?
Who agree to make habitat improvements that lessen the harm to the endangered plants or animals in return?
Who was the University of Washington ecologist who supervised the study?
What have drawn mounting criticism from environmental groups and some conservation biologists in recent years?
What is lacking?
What have reshaped the way the Endangered Species Act is enforced on about 5 million acres of state and private land?
What did she say is being drafted?
What did Babbitt dismiss many of the problems as in a recent interview?
Who complained about the plans ' lack of independent scientific review?
What have several environmental groups and members of congress also raised?
What do _ About 25 percent of the plans fail to assess?
Who said it is spurring his agency to rewrite guidelines for habitat planning?
What did one notable exception to the environmental group critics say ``HCPs have''?
What are the plans?
What said the changes would not lessen the likelihood that wolf packs would continue to thrive and to extend into new territories in interviews?
What are willing to support easing the protection?
What do the wolves eat?
When reflects their important ecological role as a top predator?
What did Mark Van Putten say ?
What did Department officials say they believed?
What are increasingly safe from extinction?
What were the wolves once hunted almost to?
What do proponents believe?
What does WASHINGTON _ The Interior Department will announce on Monday in?
What did it turn over to the states?
What did officials say in?
What did Department officials say they believed it was?
What would be among the gray wolf's prey in the Northeast?
Who say that the change will make it easier to convince farmers and ranchers that the wolves can expand into new areas without threatening their livelihoods?
What did Babbitt and Jamie Rappaport Clark say in interviews?
When has the Interior Department listed gray wolves as an endangered species through most of the lower 48 states?
When does Babbitt plan to explain the policies while visiting a wildlife science center in Minnesota where the animals are held captive to help rebuild their numbers?
What has been drafted for the Northeast?
What is classified as endangered?
What was Babbitt and Jamie Rappaport Clark the director of?
What apply?
What did Mark Van Putten say ``the rugged canines with the haunting howl think WASHINGTON is''?
Who was Babbitt and Jamie Rappaport Clark?
What might be reclassified from endangered to threatened?
What have cracked open?
What does they reflect?
What will the new policy not affect the protection of?
What do proponents believe that the Adirondacks and Maine provide?
When does WASHINGTON _?
What did Mark Van Putten say ``the rugged canines with the haunting howl think''?
What might planning be possible for?
What did Babbitt say, ``I think''?
What has the Interior Department listed gray wolves as an endangered species through since 1973?
Where would moose and white-tail deer be among the gray wolf's prey?
What does WASHINGTON _ will announce on Monday that it is considering the relaxation of federal protection for gray wolves in the Rocky Mountains and near the Great Lakes?
What are not likely to occur before 1999?
What did Babbitt and Jamie Rappaport Clark say the changes would not lessen the likelihood that wolf packs would continue to thrive and to extend into new territories in?
What did officials say?
What could be reclassified from endangered to the less-dire category of threatened increase?
What said, ``I think it is important to acknowledge success''?
What might it be possible for?
What did Department officials say?
What are these wolf populations increasingly safe from?
Where did it turn over the authority to manage the wolves?
Who reflects their important ecological role as a top predator?
When will formal proposals be published?
What may now begin?
What has the Interior Department listed gray wolves as through most of the lower 48 states since 1973?
What has no wolf recovery plan been drafted for?
Who said?
What reflects their important ecological role as a top predator?
What will be published in a few months?
What has listed gray wolves as an endangered species through most of the lower 48 states since 1973?
Who believe that the Adirondacks and Maine provide suitable conditions?
What was the director of the U. S. Fish and Wildlife Service?
Who did Mark Van Putten say ``think it is the right thing for the wolves''?
What does Babbitt plan to explain on Monday while visiting a wildlife science center in Minnesota where the animals are held captive to help rebuild their numbers?
What have never been listed as endangered or threatened?
What did it turn over to the authority to manage the wolves?
What eat anything from small animals like mice and rabbits to larger species like sheep and cattle?
What reflects conservation groups's important ecological role as a top predator?
What does the rugged canines with the haunting howl reflect?
What does WASHINGTON _ The Interior Department will announce on Monday that it is considering in the Rocky Mountains and near the Great Lakes?
Who would moose and white-tail deer be among in the Northeast?
Who said, ``Part of the vision for the grand Laurentian forest from the Adirondacks up to Maine is to bring back the wolves''?
What did Mark Van Putten say ``We think''?
What did WASHINGTON turn over to the states?
What have the rugged canines with the haunting howl recaptured?
What would moose and white-tail deer be among the gray wolf's prey in?
What will not affect the protection of wolves that were reintroduced to Yellowstone National Park and central Idaho even though these populations might be reclassified from endangered to threatened?
Who was president of the National Wildlife Foundation?
Who said the department's intentions were unlikely to change?
What did Babbitt and Jamie Rappaport Clark say would not lessen the likelihood that wolf packs would continue to thrive and to extend into new territories in interviews?
What were once widely reviled?
Who have recaptured a revered status among conservation groups?
Who said ``We think it is the right thing for the wolves''?
What did Department officials say they believed WASHINGTON was?
What does WASHINGTON _ The Interior Department will announce on Monday that it is considering the relaxation of in the Rocky Mountains and near the Great Lakes?
What have the rugged canines with the haunting howl loped through just as they prowl the human psyche in myth, folk tale and nursery rhyme?
What was Mark Van Putten president of?
What have loped through primeval forests just as they prowl the human psyche in myth, folk tale and nursery rhyme?
What did Mark Van Putten say ``the rugged canines with the haunting howl think is the right thing for the wolves''?
What has the Interior Department listed as an endangered species through most of the lower 48 states since 1973?
What is the move by the Clinton administration to emphasize the successes of the Endangered Species Act by taking species off the protected list as their numbers increase?
What does today reflect?
What do proponents of relaxing the protections for wolves say into?
What plans to explain the policies on Monday while visiting a wildlife science center in Minnesota where the animals are held captive to help rebuild their numbers?
Who called the new plan a step forward for the wolves?
What did Mark Van Putten say ``think WASHINGTON is the right thing for the wolves''?
What did officials say were unlikely to change?
What have recaptured a revered status among conservation groups?
What could much smaller populations in Montana, Wyoming and Idaho be reclassified from?
Where did officials say?
What do proponents of relaxing the protections for wolves say that the change will make it easier to convince farmers and ranchers into?
What has been detected?
What is far from committing to a reintroduction of the wolves?
Where did WASHINGTON turn over the authority to manage the wolves?
When reflects conservation groups's important ecological role as a top predator?
What turned over to the states the authority to manage the wolves?
What did Mark Van Putten say ``We think it is''?
What were once hunted almost to extinction?
What have long been contentious?
What might be possible for wolves to move naturally back into the Northeast from Canada?
What did Babbitt and Jamie Rappaport Clark say the changes would not lessen in interviews?
What have they recaptured?
What did Mark Van Putten say ``We think is the right thing for the wolves''?
Who was Mark Van Putten?
What did WASHINGTON turn over to the authority to manage the wolves?
What are more likely to resist reintroduction?
What will the new policy not affect?
Who said ``the rugged canines with the haunting howl think WASHINGTON is the right thing for the wolves''?
What were sent to experts for examination?
What was a small wolf?
What are the wolves a recent reintroduction to?
What was an endangered species?
What have some of the wolves shown in the wild?
Who said, ``The whole hillside was torn up''?
What should this be to hunters _ especially for small-game stuff?
What should it be to hunters _ especially for small-game stuff?
What was that determined?
Where did Miles work?
What do the various units work?
Who did the camper say killed the animal after it attacked his dog?
What would be to capture it?
What will it give?
What was this?
What was determined that probably was not the case?
What was shot by a camper?
What will suffocate when the back of the neck attacks?
Who does it's too bad had to die?
What did it put up?
What attacked this small female's dog?
What should have been?
Who had to determine whether a crime had been committed?
What does it's against the law to kill?
Who were allowed to examine the scene?
What will it be more basic for?
What's against the law to kill a member of an endangered species?
What did Miles work in?
What did the animal attack?
What will this give?
What was the wolf?
What did it apparently happen during?
When might you have read about an endangered Mexican gray wolf that was found dead in the White Mountains near the carcass of an elk calf?
What may biologists try to provide for the motherless pup?
What could be figured out completely?
Who said a similar Internet page was developed there and became the most popular part of the region's Web site?
Who was &UR; John &UR; Phelps?
Who may try to provide food for the motherless pup?
What can a pack of wolves challenge?
What did Miles say?
What was that determined that probably was not?
What will the information be compiled from the reports of wildlife managers in?
Who said he killed the animal after it attacked his dog?
What was this not typical of?
What will be excluded?
What will suffocate when it attacks?
What did &UR; John &UR; Phelps say ?
What will break it or grab the throat?
What are a recent reintroduction to Arizona?
What was treated as a crime scene?
What was it determined?
Who said, ``That's the kind of wolf you 'd like out there''?
What are the wolves to Arizona?
What did it attack?
What would be to raise it in captivity?
What would be to raise this small female in captivity?
What should be a tremendous help to hunters _ especially for small-game stuff?
What work the field in those areas?
What did the camper say he killed after it attacked his dog?
Who said that appears?
What probably had never encountered a lion?
What would be to capture this small female?
What will grab the back of the neck?
What would an individual wolf not do that _ especially?
Who was furbearer specialist for the Arizona Game and Fish Department?
What will be more basic for big game?
What did this put up?
What will not prosecute the camper?
What will a lion grab the back of?
What may biologists try to provide food for?
Who said it appears?
What was this small female the mother of that still was there?
What did the camper say killed the animal after it attacked his dog?
What were raised in captivity?
What was the mother of the only pup born in the wild that still was there?
What did the camper say?
What will give them a general place to start?
What does it's too bad?
What will break the back of the neck or grab the throat?
What is the most formidable killer in the state?
Who worked in the Tucson region?
What will be compiled from the reports of wildlife managers in the various units?
What put up a good fight?
Who might have read last week about an endangered Mexican gray wolf that was found dead in the White Mountains near the carcass of an elk calf?
When is about Sept. 1?
What would not do that _ especially a small female like that?
What also will be available in hard copy at Game and Fish's regional offices free of charge?
Who is the mountain lion?
What did &UR; John &UR; Phelps say ``was ripped out''?
Who can be reached at 602-444-8454 or at barry. burkhartpni. com via e-mail?
Who were the wolf's remains sent to?
What did federal agents have to determine?
What can challenge a lion?
What attacked his dog?
What did the death of the female wolf apparently happen during?
What did Phelps say, ``That's the kind of wolf''?
What will give good access information?
When is Target date about?
What may biologists try to attempt to keep in the wild?
What may biologists try to attempt to keep it in?
What will a lion grab?
What will the information also be available in?
What have shown signs of their inexperience in the wild?
Who said ``A chunk of its side was ripped out''?
What did Phelps say appears?
Who was this small female?
What may biologists try to attempt to keep food in?
Who will the U. S. Fish and Wildlife Service not prosecute?
What seems more compelling because it apparently happened during a conflict with another predator _ namely a mountain lion?
Who said, ``This is not an attempt to tell hunters which rocks to hunt under''?
What did the camper say this small female killed after it attacked his dog?
Who should this be a tremendous help to?
What might you have read last week about?
What was not typical of a lion kill?
Who may try to attempt to keep it in the wild?
What was it determined that probably was not?
What apparently happened during a conflict with another predator _ namely a mountain lion?
What were the wolves raised in?
What have some of the wolves shown signs of in the wild?
What have some of the wolves shown signs of their inexperience in?
Who said this small female killed the animal after it attacked his dog?
Who may try to attempt to keep food in the wild?
Where are the wolves a recent reintroduction?
What does it's against the law to kill a member of?
Who was another wolf shot by?
Who should it be a tremendous help to?
What does it's against to kill a member of an endangered species?
What had the dead wolf probably never encountered?
What's too bad she had to die?
What was the place of her death treated as?
What had been committed?
What will this be more basic for?
Who obviously was aggressive?
What did Miles say was developed there and became the most popular part of the region's Web site?
What will the information be compiled from in the various units?
What would an individual wolf not do?
Who has been solved in this small town on the northern edge of Yellowstone National Park?
What does not slow you down much in a park that has a 45-mile-per-hour speed limit on the most open roads?
What did they eat?
What did I feel?
What sat around together?
What disappeared?
Who noticed a road sign for something called Blacktail Plateau Drive less than halfway from Gardiner to the place I had in mind near Slough Creek Road?
What was the tributary?
What will a grizzly that stays in view of one of the park's paved roads stop in both directions for a couple of miles?
Who does a six mile dirt-road detour not slow down much in a park that has a 45-mile-per-hour speed limit on the most open roads?
Who watched wolves for an hour?
What has GARDINER been solved in on the northern edge of Yellowstone National Park?
What watched wolves for an hour?
What did a very large coyote run across in front of the car halfway down the dirt?
Who had not seen a wolf in my life like the elk?
What did you learn on about wolves?
What did a series of ``toos'' add up to?
Who ate it?
When did no more than four cars stop to not dance with the wolves?
What will a grizzly that stays in view of one of the park's paved roads stop traffic in both directions for?
What has more to do with human ability than actual wolf presence?
Who sat around together?
Who would be advised exactly where to look?
Who felt a gentle nudge?
What got up?
What are less traveled by automobiles?
Who can see a wolf a lot easier through clear air than through lodgepole pine trees?
What is prairie-like for the most part, not forested?
Who did I notice a road sign for something called Blacktail Plateau Drive less than halfway from Gardiner to the place had in mind near Slough Creek Road?
Who do not have small litters of pups in Yellowstone?
What had I not seen a wolf in my life like?
What did the remaining two do?
What is not a good idea to make a major expedition with the effort expended?
What is this in?
What is it not just?
What is television not just?
How many cars stopped to not dance with the wolves in the entire hour?
How many miles in length was the one-way dirt road?
Who did the brain take around?
Who departed?
What is Gardiner at?
How many pups have some of them had?
What ignored each other?
What is the hardest thing to find in Montana?
What are the lower Yellowstone and Lamar valleys less traveled by?
What lay down?
What were a happy few?
What does a six mile dirt-road detour not slow you down much in?
What is it good to be flexible even with?
Where has GARDINER been solved in this small town?
What did the brain also remark?
What had I not seen in my life like the elk?
Who is Montana _ One of the most persistent problems in Western tourism?
What took a timeout: too huge around?
Where will a grizzly that stays in view of one of the park's paved roads stop traffic for a couple of miles?
What did a second sign explain was a one-way dirt road?
When was young?
What was mind?
Who can get cool rare, warm rare and medium rare at Red's?
What are the wolves thriving on?
What are thriving on a diet of extremely rare elk chops?
What is what my brain said: ``Big coyote?''
What do they know?
How many pups have some of there had?
What know what rare means?
What does the reason have more to do with?
What stopped?
What did two or three ignore?
What 'd I seen unlike the elk?
What is the major expedition?
Who got out with their binoculars?
What was the Lamar Valley?
What is that?''
What stopped to not dance with the wolves in the entire hour?
What has GARDINER been solved in this small town on?
What had been the Yellowstone River valley below the falls and over on a tributary basin?
What do one of the most persistent problems in Western tourism know?
What had the best country for wolves this summer been below the falls and over on a tributary basin?
Where does a six mile dirt-road detour not slow you down much?
What have had as many as eight and 10 pups?
Who supposes?
What 'd I seen a couple running around a cage in the London Zoo unlike?
What will a grizzly that stays in view of one of the park's paved roads stop traffic in for a couple of miles?
What did a very large coyote run across the road in halfway down the dirt?
Who just walked up to that elk?
What is a grizzly that stays in view of one of the park's paved roads not?
What have some of them had?
What is GARDINER?
What was six miles in length?
What were a long way behind, two or three football fields away, up on a bench?
What is not just the Alpha female who gets to have pups?
What are remarkable?
What did actually watch for an hour?
What was a civil small crowd?
Who remarked, ``that these wolves were not just oversized coyotes, ``That elk had no idea''?
What ate it?
What do the wolves not have?
Who is sure that as long as the wolves were visible, someone was there to watch them do their wolf act?
What is good to be flexible even with a plan?
What is unheard of?
What is this so putting a couple of out in the middle of a few hundred thousand elk who have?
What was enormously satisfying?
What do not move as much, but mainly because the grizzly bear can do whatever it darn well pleases?
When was it?
What were we?
What had the best country for wolves this summer been the Yellowstone River valley below?
Who 'd seen a couple running around a cage in the London Zoo unlike the elk?
When did we watch wolves?
What did they ignore?
What did a second sign explain it was?
What was it?
Who got up?
What departed?
What did no more than four cars stop to not dance with in the entire hour?
What do not have small litters of pups in Yellowstone?
What sat down?
What did you learn on television about?
When did actually watch wolves?
What did we watch for an hour?
What also remarked that those had not been dogs barking?
Who learned on television about wolves?
What is what happens in Yellowstone when anyone sees anyone else peering through lenses at the distant vistas?
What was not as good as watching them eat an elk, I suppose?
When was a large carnivore in Yellowstone?
What is true?
What do they not have small litters of?
Who sat down?
What were two or three?
What did interesting wolf things?
What have some of there had?
What did a very large coyote run across the road in front of the car halfway down?
What did I notice less than halfway from Gardiner to the place I had in mind near Slough Creek Road?
What's fly-fishing or wolf-watching?
What will stop traffic in both directions for a couple of miles?
Who lay down?
What is the major expedition the price of?
Who ignored each other?
What is it not?
What is the landscape prairie-like for?
What was the one-way dirt road?
What is this so putting out in the middle of a few hundred thousand elk who have?
Who sat up?
What sat up?
What do the wolves not have small litters of?
What did a man and a woman get out with?
What was not as good as it was enormously satisfying?
What explained it was a one-way dirt road?
What did they just walk up to?
What ran across the road in front of the car halfway down the dirt?
What had I not seen a wolf in like the elk?
What is a steak cooked the way you want it?
What was in the days when people fed the bears at the roadside?
Who know what rare means?
What added up to wolf?
What is a wolf a lot easier good to be flexible even with?
What can you see a wolf a lot easier through than through lodgepole pine trees?
What were wolves?
What do they not have?
What was the Lamar River?
What can you see through clear air than through lodgepole pine trees?
What so is putting a couple of dozen wolves out in the middle of a few hundred thousand elk who have?
What just walked up to that elk?
What was each other?
What is the price of disappointment increases?
What did I notice a road sign for something called Blacktail Plateau Drive less than halfway from Gardiner to the place I had in?
Who is at Red's Blue Goose Saloon and Barbeque?
Who were a happy few?
What did Babbitt say, ``I do not think the facts support any inference''?
What was a heavy steel cage?
Who said, ``It are afraid to turn themselves in after witnessing his public crucifixion''?
What did G. J. of Tucson say he believes is possible that the three wolves shot in August, October and earlier this month may also have been killed legitimately?
What are the wolves being returned to?
What was Sagi the former editor of?
Who can be reached at steve. yozwiakpni. com via e-mail?
What did the interior secretary say?
What did G. J. of Tucson say he believes?
Who said he closed shop because of the harassment he's suffered while sticking up for Humphrey?
What did he say are up to law enforcement agents?
What can Steve Yozwiak be reached at?
Who did Sagi say closed shop because of the harassment he's suffered while sticking up for Humphrey?
What did Sagi say because of?
What did the former Arizona governor promise to provide to?
What did he promise to provide to?
Who did Babbitt meet Monday morning in Albuquerque with from Arizona and New Mexico?
What said the wolf program goes beyond building bridges with the local community?
When can the killing of an endangered animal result?
What are being returned to the wild in an effort to increase their numbers ecosystems that will help ensure populations of other animals are kept in check?
Who heads the U. S. Fish and Wildlife Service?
What did sheep and cattle ranchers fear?
What did he say remains true that there is no documented case of a healthy wild wolf in North America this century ever attacking a human being?
What did G. J. of Tucson say he believes it is possible?
What was Inside?
What did Babbitt say, ``who heads the U. S. Fish and Wildlife Service do not think the facts support any inference''?
Who promised to provide whatever resources are needed to bring the killer or killers to justice?
What did Babbitt say with?
Who said, ``The wolf is here to stay''?
What did he say it remains true?
What did he say to?
What did Babbitt also leave open?
What said he believes it is possible that the three wolves shot in August, October and earlier this month may also have been killed legitimately?
Who said it remains true that there is no documented case of a healthy wild wolf in North America this century ever attacking a human being?
What did Sagi say to?
What have the wolves not killed?
What did Interior Secretary Bruce Babbitt carry two burdens Monday into Under crystal skies?
What did he say?
What did the former Arizona governor say to?
What did the former Arizona governor say are up to law enforcement agents?
What did Babbitt meet Monday morning in with state and federal law enforcement officers from Arizona and New Mexico?
What did G. J. of Tucson say?
What did Sagi say he closed because of the harassment he's suffered while sticking up for Humphrey?
What did sheep and cattle ranchers fear would be decimated?
What did the interior secretary say there is?
Who carried two burdens Monday into the pine-studded forests of eastern Arizona Under crystal skies?
What can result in a year in prison and a $100,000 fine?
When did Babbitt meet in Albuquerque with state and federal law enforcement officers from Arizona and New Mexico?
Who feared their herds would be decimated?
What did Babbitt return to where in January he took part in the release of the first 11 wolves into the wilds of the Southwest in nearly three decades?
What did Sagi say he closed shop because of?
Who was the second?
Who was Sagi?
When was a message for those who in recent weeks have gunned down three of the rare lobos in half a century?
What was a hunting enthusiast who has acted as a spokesman for Humphrey?
What does the interior secretary head?
What did he say it remains true that there is?
Who was Tucson?
Who did G. J. of Tucson say believes it is possible that the three wolves shot in August, October and earlier this month may also have been killed legitimately?
What is posted for information leading to the arrest of the wolf killers?
Who was the former editor of a newsletter called ``Outdoor News''?
Who said whoever killed the wolves recently should consult an attorney and turn themselves in to the authorities?
Who said there is no evidence that Humphrey or any member of his family was under attack?
What did Babbitt say goes beyond building bridges with the local community?
Who said, ``It's just incomprehensible that people would view this as a threat, and that they would resort to this kind of violence''?
What did the former Arizona governor say decisions in the case involving retired postal worker Richard Humphrey are up to?
Where did Babbitt meet Monday morning with state and federal law enforcement officers from Arizona and New Mexico?
What was one?
What did Babbitt meet Monday morning in Albuquerque with state and federal law enforcement officers from?
What was one of two endangered Mexican gray wolves delivered Monday to the wilds of the Apache and Gila national forests?
What is a reward of $30,000 posted for leading to the arrest of the wolf killers?
What met Monday morning in Albuquerque with state and federal law enforcement officers from Arizona and New Mexico?
What did he say decisions in the case involving retired postal worker Richard Humphrey are up to?
What did he say it remains true that there is no documented case of this century ever attacking a human being?
What did Interior Secretary Bruce Babbitt carry two burdens Monday into the pine-studded forests of eastern Arizona Under?
What have not killed any livestock?
Who said decisions in the case involving retired postal worker Richard Humphrey are up to law enforcement agents?
What was Inside one of?
What did the boy sink down in in his mother's office?
What was Andy taken from his mother because child welfare officials said?
What do some who already have jobs in Phoenix say 're so worn out that they welcome all the help they can get?
What look at who's hiring them and how it works out?
What is that the same amount for?
What cannot-wait feeling hundreds of teenagers and young adults 're jittery with a?
What is the same amount the federal government and environmentalists are offering for information leading to the arrest of the wolf killer or killers?
What do &QL; &QL; GOODYKOONTZ-COLUMN _ may argue over where the original Thanksgiving was held?
Whose office did the boy sink down in a cushioned chair in?
What did &QL; &QL; NURSES-SHORTAGE- The promise of sunny skies, a casual lifestyle and friendly people lure Barbara Griffin from to Arizona this year?
What is that the same amount the federal government and environmentalists are offering for leading to the arrest of the wolf killer or killers?
What are part of the scene to some degree?
What will Story move?
Who did Alumnus James Rogers on Tuesday become?
What did federal officials say Tuesday, the fifth lobo killed since the wolves were brought back to the wild this year &QL; WOLF KILLED-ARIZONA- Someone killed yet?
What did Alumnus James Rogers on Tuesday donate $100 million to?
What do &QL; &QL; GOODYKOONTZ-COLUMN _?
What MAUREEN WEST?
What cannot-wait feeling they 're jittery with a?
What find their way to the site by dialing up a recorded message or clicking on a Web site?
If that occurs, what will be one of the five largest gifts in American academic history?
Who does the latest killing have?
What did he get home from spending half a year in?
What &ql; &QL; WELFARE2WORK- Desperate for workers to fill jobs in their booming companies?
What are hospitals in Phoenix and Tucson offering?
Who averts his eyes when he talks about what happened to him in that shelter in Mesa in late 1996 and 1997?
What moved in the L' ' category?
How many young people find a's way to the site by dialing up a recorded message or clicking on a Web site?
What are drugs part of?
Who can rave not-wait feeling 're jittery with a?
What is Pima County Presiding Judge Michael Brown considering to?
What is the kaleidoscopic tangle dressed like sci-fi conventiongoers on?
Who had the law school named after him last week?
What do some small businesses &ql; to fill jobs in their booming companies?
If that occurs, what will it be?
Who were sexually abused while in foster care over a decade?
What has becomes more slick, commercial and global in its reach?
Who did VAN DER werf by?
Where has it becomes more slick, commercial and global?
What can rave not-wait feeling 're jittery with a?
What are offering free trips to Hawaii, signing bonuses of up to $6,000 and other incentives to attract nurses willing to work long hours under stressful conditions?
What did a member of the president's cabinet fly in to the area to draw to the case?
What did MONTINI Story move in the ``A'' and ``K'' categories by?
What does Andy avert when he talks about what happened to him in that shelter in Mesa in late 1996 and 1997?
What do some small businesses &ql; &QL; WELFARE2WORK- Desperate for workers to fill?
What does every victim's family dream about &QL; &QL; MONTINI-COLUMN- The government is going after the killer with?
What were the wolves brought back to this year?
What did Story move in?
What has it becomes more slick, commercial and global in?
What can rave not-wait hundreds of teenagers and young adults 're jittery with a?
Who sank down in a cushioned chair in his mother's office?
What is Ariz.?
What do at least 1,000 young people find by dialing up a recorded message or clicking on a Web site?
What is being offered for information leading to the arrests of the killer or killers?
What JAYE BEELER?
What can rave not-wait feeling hundreds of teenagers and young adults 're jittery with?
What does every victim's family dream about is going after the killer with a vehemence?
What can rave not-wait feeling they 're jittery with?
What is dressed like sci-fi conventiongoers on their way to an all-night slumber party?
Who lured Barbara Griffin from Pittsburgh to Arizona this year?
What does new evidence say has been posted for the wolves ' slaughter?
What has environmentalists calling for FBI and National Guard intervention?
What will move in the ``A'' category?
Who donated $100 million to the UA law school?
What did &QL; &QL; NURSES-SHORTAGE- The promise of sunny skies, a casual lifestyle and friendly people nudge closer to overcoming a shortage of up to 10,000 nurses?
Who does every victim's family dream about &QL; &QL; MONTINI-COLUMN- The government is going after with a vehemence?
How many Arizona children were sexually abused while in foster care over a decade?
What is not changed?
Who did Alumnus James Rogers on Tuesday become one of?
What dreams about &QL; &QL; MONTINI-COLUMN- The government is going after the killer with a vehemence?
Who do some who already have jobs in Phoenix say 're so worn out that they welcome all the help they can get?
What did child welfare officials say was too filthy?
What says a $35,000 bounty has been posted for the wolves ' slaughter?
Who is a wolf in this case?
What will move in the ``F'' category?
What did Thirteen-year-old Andy get home from half a year in foster care?
What does by maureen?
Who became one of the largest benefactors in the history of higher education?
What is a $30,000 reward being offered for leading to the arrests of the killer or killers?
How many young people find their way to the site by dialing up a recorded message or clicking on a Web site?
What did child welfare officials say?
Who was taken from his mother because child welfare officials said their house was too filthy?
What _ They may argue over where the original Thanksgiving was held?
What did the boy sink down in a cushioned chair in?
Who said their house was too filthy?
What did Alumnus James Rogers on Tuesday donate to the UA law school?
Who is considering whether to grant class action status to the lawsuit?
When were as many as 250 Arizona children sexually abused while in foster care?
Whose family dreams about &QL; &QL; MONTINI-COLUMN- The government is going after the killer with a vehemence?
What WERF by MARTIN?
If that occurs, what will it be one of?
What did a member of the president's cabinet fly in to to draw attention to the case?
Where did a member of the president's cabinet fly in to draw attention to the case?
What find a's way to the site by dialing up a recorded message or clicking on a Web site?
What are drugs?
Who was Andy taken from because child welfare officials said their house was too filthy?
Where did &QL; &QL; NURSES-SHORTAGE- The promise of sunny skies, a casual lifestyle and friendly people lure Barbara Griffin from Pittsburgh this year?
What _ by may argue over where the original Thanksgiving was held?
What were brought back to the wild this year?
What nearly close enough?
What say they 're so worn out that they welcome all the help they can get?
What is that the federal government and environmentalists are offering for information leading to the arrest of the wolf killer or killers?
What will move inthe ``A'' category?
What did MONTINI Story move in by E. J.?
What did he get home from half a year in foster care?
What moved in the ``A'' and ``K'' categories by E. J.?
What JANE LARSON?
What flew in to the area to draw attention to the case?
What do some who already have jobs in Phoenix say?
Who will sit on the board of the foundation that will administer his gift?
Who nudged the state closer to overcoming a shortage of up to 10,000 nurses?
What did Thirteen-year-old Andy get home from spending half a year in?
What does new evidence say a $35,000 bounty has been posted for?
Who is the kaleidoscopic tangle dressed like on their way to an all-night slumber party?
What are turning to that once-shunned group: welfare recipients?
What will Rogers sit on?
What can rave not-wait they 're jittery with a?
Who do &QL; &QL; GOODYKOONTZ-COLUMN _ may argue over where the original Thanksgiving was held?
What did Rogers have?
What did &QL; &QL; NURSES-SHORTAGE- The promise of sunny skies, a casual lifestyle and friendly people lure Barbara Griffin from Pittsburgh to this year?
What does new evidence say for?
What is the victim a wolf in?
Who got home from spending half a year in foster care?
What will Story move in?
What did a member of the president's cabinet fly in to the area to draw attention to?
When were the wolves brought back to the wild?
What are some small businesses turning to?
What is the victim in this case?
What is Mesa?
What is that the same amount are offering for information leading to the arrest of the wolf killer or killers?
What were shot?
What do government biologists admit?
Who does the latest wolf death have?
Who was Caren Cowen?
Who also has called on Babbitt to bring in the FBI?
What did Tom Bauer say like four others, appeared to have been shot?
Who was Phoenix?
Who was between Show Low and Springerville?
What may government biologists not have pulled?
What did a spokeswoman for Interior Secretary Bruce Babbitt call?
Who admit that Monday's a failure?
What is running free?
Who said since all the wolves have been rounded up?
What did Babbitt say there is?
Who said, ``That's laughable''?
Who called the wolf killings ``beyond comprehension?''
What were recaptured for their own protection?
What has environmentalists calling for FBI intervention?
What did Barbara Marks say?
When will four more wolf packs arrive?
What do they admit that it's?
Who was on the Fort Apache Indian Reservation?
What is Hitt of?
What may they not have pulled?
Who said none is running wild?
What are we pursuing our case through?
Who was spokesman for the U. S. Fish and Wildlife Service in Albuquerque?
What did Marks say's been a cruel experiment?
What was Hawley Lake on?
What was the 76-year-old retired computer systems analyst that led the decadelong charge to return the wolves?
Who can be reached at 444-8810 or at steve. yozwiakpni. com via e-mail?
Who lives in the isolated Blue Primitive Area release area?
When will those four wolves be released?
How many more wolf packs will arrive this winter?
What _ also is presumed dead in addition?
Who did Tom Bauer say like, the wolf appeared to have been shot?
When did Barbara Marks say now is?
When did Marks say's been a cruel experiment?
Who was Barbara Marks?
What were the wolves brought back to this year?
What will be released in about two months?
What is presumed dead?
What did Bobbie Holaday of Phoenix call ``beyond comprehension?''
What did Holaday say, ``It's so. . . difficult to think. . . to do such atrocious acts''?
What did Marks say Monday's been?
What did both Marks and Cowen say there is doubtful on?
Who did both Marks and Cowen say it is doubtful ranchers are graze livestock on public lands?
What do the two surviving males from the original group of 11 brought to the wilds of Arizona in January _ _ were recaptured this week?
What are we pursuing through the courts?
What has Hitt also called on to bring in the FBI?
Who has been the primary wolf?
What did Babbitt say more federal officers are already assigned to?
If the help of other federal agencies is needed, what will he call for?
Who was Tom Bauer?
Where was Hawley Lake?
Who did Babbitt say are already assigned to the case?
What has Patricia Wolff really gone off the deep end?
What were three recaptured for?
What did Barbara Marks say is running wild?
What do they admit?
Who said Monday's been a cruel experiment?
What remain?
What did the latest wolf killing occur near?
If the help of other federal agencies is needed, who will call for it?
What did she repeat Babbitt's vow last week?
What has Blue Primitive Area been?
Who said Tuesday someone has shot dead yet another endangered Mexican gray wolf in eastern Arizona killed since the wolves were brought back to the wild this year?
What said more federal officers are already assigned to the case?
Who called the latest killing ``incomprehensible''?
What do government biologists admit that Monday's?
What did both Marks and Cowen say on?
What is missing?
What does Marks live in?
What said there is no need to involve the FBI?
Who was executive secretary of the New Mexico Cattle Growers Association?
Who said, ``It's so. . . difficult to think that there are people with so much hate in their lives. . . to do such atrocious acts''?
What did Marks say it's been?
Where does Marks live?
What occurred near Hawley Lake?
What has Patricia Wolff really gone off this time?
If the help of other federal agencies is needed, what will Caren Cowen call for?
What did Babbitt say?
What admit that it's a failure?
Who found the dead wolf Monday?
Who admit that it's a failure?
What did both Marks and Cowen say it is doubtful on?
What will arrive this winter?
Who may not have pulled the actual trigger?
What _ the first wild wolves in the Southwest in 28 years _ were recaptured this week?
How many wolves will be released in about two months?
Who is of Forest Guardians?
Who was Hawley Lake between?
Who are pursuing our case through the courts?
What did both Marks and Cowen say there is doubtful ranchers are on?
What were brought back to the wild this year?
Who said like four others, the wolf appeared to have been shot?
What _ also is missing in addition?
What was eastern Arizona?
When do some ranchers say now is?
What do the two surviving males from the original group of 11 brought to the wilds of Arizona in January _?
Who said it's been a cruel experiment?
Who did both Marks and Cowen say there is doubtful ranchers are graze livestock on public lands?
What has Hitt also called on Babbitt to bring in?
Who say now is a good time to abandon the experiment?
What was the fifth one?
What did both Marks and Cowen say it is doubtful ranchers are on?
What are offering for information leading to the arrest of the wolf killer or killers?
What are the federal government and environmentalists offering for leading to the arrest of the wolf killer or killers?
What did Bobbie Holaday of Phoenix call the wolf killings ``beyond?''
Who said but by creating this anti-wolf climate up there, they have encouraged whoever did it?
What may not have pulled the actual trigger?
Who has really gone off the deep end this time?
Who said now is a good time to end the program?
Who was a rancher and spokeswoman for the Arizona Cattlemen's Association?
When were the wolves brought back to the wild?
What did Babbitt say to?
Who found it dead several days later near the White Mountain Apache Indian Reservation in Arizona?
What do not know who's doing this in no way condone the needless and senseless shooting of animals for any reason, and no?
What are these killings going forward with?
What do we not know in no way condone the needless and senseless shooting of animals for any reason, and no?
What is the Mexican gray wolf, or ``lobo,'' as a reward of $35,000 is regionally known, ?
What are we going forward with?
What did Jimerfield say a reward of $35,000 has been offered by for information leading to the arrest of whoever is killing the wolves?
Who do not know who's doing this in no way condone the needless and senseless shooting of animals for any reason, and no?
What did Babbitt say, ``these killings are committed to the recovery of the Mexican wolf and the goals of the Endangered Species Act'' in?
What said, ``these killings are committed to the recovery of the Mexican wolf and the goals of the Endangered Species Act'' in a written statement?
Where did trackers find it dead several days later near the White Mountain Apache Indian Reservation?
Who was the group's program director?
What is a $100,000 fine and up to six months in prison?
When have two sub-species of gray wolf been reintroduced in Yellowstone National Park and wilderness areas of Idaho?
Who found the transmission from the collar dead several days later near the White Mountain Apache Indian Reservation in Arizona?
What did trackers find the transmission from the collar dead several days later near the White Mountain Apache Indian Reservation in?
What did Ms. Cowan say?
What are necropsy reports expected to determine the cause of?
Who did the Albuquerque Journal report with?
What said, ``We are committed to the recovery of the Mexican wolf and the goals of the Endangered Species Act'' in a written statement?
When was his mother shot?
Where have two sub-species of gray wolf been reintroduced in the past decade?
What's laughable?
What have been reintroduced in Yellowstone National Park and wilderness areas of Idaho in the past decade?
What did Jimerfield say has been offered by wildlife organizations and the government for information leading to the arrest of whoever is killing the wolves?
Who brought the animals to extinction around the end of the 18th century and beginning of the 19th century?
Who said, ``The notice letter underscores the fact that Colorado's bounty presents a political impediment to wolf restoration in the region''?
What are going forward with the program?
Who said a reward of $35,000 has been offered by wildlife organizations and the government for information leading to the arrest of whoever is killing the wolves?
What did trackers find it dead several days later near the White Mountain Apache Indian Reservation in?
What was it?
Who say it has not been uncommon in the Southwest for ranchers to offer a bounty for predators such as mountain lions?
Who say the Albuquerque Journal has not been uncommon in the Southwest for ranchers to offer a bounty for predators such as mountain lions?
Who said, ``We really do not have''?
What was accounted for when a camper said he mistook the wolf for a coyote that was endangering his family?
What are expected to determine the cause of death of the other animals?
Where did Interior Secretary Bruce Babbitt go to the remote Gila National Forest to show support for the recovery program?
What is an endangered species?
What is presumed dead since the rapid beeping of a radio collar on the yearling male wolf a few weeks ago's mother was shot in August?
Who did a radical environmental group accuse?
What is the Mexican gray wolf, or ``lobo,'' as it is regionally known, ?
What do Wildlife activists say it has not been uncommon in?
Who was Caren Cowan?
What did ranchers bring to extinction around the end of the 18th century and beginning of the 19th century?
What do we not know who's doing this in for any reason, and no?
When was the rapid beeping of a radio collar on the yearling male wolf a few weeks ago's mother shot?
What did the rapid beeping of a radio collar on the yearling male wolf a few weeks ago signal the end of for now?
What is the punishment for killing one?
What did the transmission from the collar indicate?
What do these killings not know who's doing this in for any reason, and no?
How many sub-species of gray wolf have been reintroduced in Yellowstone National Park and wilderness areas of Idaho in the past decade?
What did Babbitt say, ``We are committed to the recovery of the Mexican wolf and the goals of the Endangered Species Act'' in?
What did the rapid beeping of a radio collar on the yearling male wolf a few weeks ago signal for now?
What is missing?
Who was executive secretary of the New Mexico Cattle Growers Association?
What do Wildlife activists say in?
What did Interior Secretary Bruce Babbitt go to the remote Gila National Forest on to show support for the recovery program?
What did ranchers bring the animals to extinction around?
What do Wildlife activists say has not been uncommon in the Southwest for ranchers to offer a bounty for predators such as mountain lions?
What did Jimerfield say by?
What did Interior Secretary Bruce Babbitt go to the remote Gila National Forest on the border of New Mexico and Arizona to show?
Who said, ``a wildlife activist do not know any rancher that's got the time or the money to do this if somebody was that misguided''?
What did ranchers bring the animals to around the end of the 18th century and beginning of the 19th century?
What do these killings not know in no way condone the needless and senseless shooting of animals for any reason, and no?
What was the transmission from the collar?
Who signaled the end of Mexican gray wolves in the wild _ for now?
What is presumed dead since his mother was shot in August?
Who went to the remote Gila National Forest on the border of New Mexico and Arizona to show support for the recovery program?
What have two sub-species of gray wolf been reintroduced in in the past decade?
What did Interior Secretary Bruce Babbitt go to on the border of New Mexico and Arizona to show support for the recovery program?
Who are going forward with the program?
Where did trackers find the transmission from the collar dead several days later near the White Mountain Apache Indian Reservation?
What do Wildlife activists say the Albuquerque Journal has not been uncommon in?
What did trackers find dead several days later near the White Mountain Apache Indian Reservation in Arizona?
What do these killings not know who's doing this in no way condone the needless and senseless shooting of animals for?
What was reported?
Who was Nancy Kaufman?
What are necropsy reports expected to determine?
What was Nancy Kaufman regional director of?
Who was shot in August?
Who was regional director of the wildlife office?
What accused livestock owners of getting a fund for a bounty to do this?
Who did the Albuquerque Journal report that a wildlife activist had met with?
What did Jimerfield say a reward of $35,000 has been offered by wildlife organizations and the government for leading to the arrest of whoever is killing the wolves?
Who said, ``I do not know any rancher that's got the time or the money to do this if somebody was that misguided''?
What indicated that the wolf had stopped moving?
What do we not know who's doing this in no way condone the needless and senseless shooting of animals for?
What was the fifth rare Mexican gray wolf found dead?
Who was Rob Edwards?
Who said of the releases planned near his ranch in the Blue Range Primitive Area, ``This is the kind of cooperation I 'm getting''?
Who _ the end of another successful day of elk hunting in the heart of eastern Arizona wolf country?
Who has cut his herds in half in recent years?
What are falling copper prices also forcing layoffs of?
When will elk and antelope fawns survive many believe that killing coyotes means more deer?
What log?
Who worked throughout the summer to scare wolves away from his cattle?
What are nearly three times the size of coyotes?
What do federal officials plan to release at least one wolf pack near Bear Valley at?
What did Carey say he was handed with his name on it _ that listed the suspects in the wolf killings?
Who was a hunter?
Who shares another theory that the wolves were intentionally shot by different people in opportunistic moments of frustration between conflicting theories of intentional sabotage and random accidents?
When are wolves released into the forest?
What is a federal crime that carries a potential fine of $100,000 and a year?
What will be released from acclimation pens in coming months?
What do their own to hunt wild game _ mostly elk compete with?
What show the one way to effectively remove coyotes is the reintroduction of wolves?
When did Marks work to scare wolves away from his cattle?
What did Max Schowengerdt say Greg Collins see?
What are released into the forest after several weeks?
What did Dave Parsons say on?
If these wolves are shot to death, who could it only be by?
What do biological studies show that quickly fill available?
If these wolves are shot to death, what could only be by someone who purposely wanted wolves dead?
What does Collins share between conflicting theories of intentional sabotage and random accidents?
What was the former Catron County sheriff and gun shop owner subpoenaed last month by?
What did Dave Parsons say have learned on their own to hunt wild game _ mostly elk?
Who log?
If Collins ' view seems contradictory, what does it reflect?
What do wolves's own to hunt wild game _ mostly elk compete with?
Who say that the wolves starved when they were not fed road-kill?
What has the use of acclimation pens led to accusations by ranchers that the wolves _ in?
What are no pens allowed to be built inside?
What do many here say are not so much against the wolves dependent on mining?
Who faces more cuts next year?
What will be released today?
What is a roadless zone?
What are federal officials releasing the wolves today with on their hips?
Who was conservation biologist for the Tucson-based Southwest Center for Biological Diversity?
What did Marks say of, ``This is the kind of cooperation I 'm getting''?
What do federal land managers move to comply with?
Who said Greg Collins see a wolf?
What does Peter Galvin believe in?
Who can be reached at 444-8810 or at steve. yozwiakpni. com via e-mail?
What are you not going to tell me?
What do many here say they are not so much against the wolves dependent on?
Who was the new wolf-painting effort criticized Thursday by?
What do the wolves represent by environmentalists and federal land managers?
What are allowed to be built inside the Primitive Area?
What here say they are not so much against the wolves dependent on mining?
Who was Collins?
How many wolf packs will be released from acclimation pens in coming months?
What is death?
What has Bill Marks cut in half in recent years?
What are the wolves afraid of?
What will survive each spring many believe that killing coyotes means more deer?
What are Greg Collins not going to tell me?
Who are releasing the wolves today with brightly colored radio collars and brightly painted markings on their hips?
When will at least two more wolf packs be released from acclimation pens?
What has led to accusations by ranchers that the wolves _ which were raised in zoos?
Who has the use of acclimation pens led to accusations by that the wolves _ which were raised in zoos?
What show that quickly fill every ecological niche available?
What 're not going to shoot a wolf?
Who are among those?
Who are Greg Collins not going to tell what to do?
What do recent studies of wolves in Yellowstone National Park show is the reintroduction of wolves?
When was the former Catron County sheriff and gun shop owner subpoenaed by a federal grand jury investigating the wolf killings?
What also are forcing layoffs of hundreds of miners in New Mexico?
Who had guns?
What ranches?
Who said, ``There's nothing wrong with wolves''?
What are wolves?
What will at least two more wolf packs be released from in coming months?
What did wolves release there will be forced to fend for themselves right from?
What have been eaten by wolves?
Who is not going to tell me what to do?
What did Max Schowengerdt say you see?
What found near the dead wolves Carey turned over reams of records, guns and ammunition to special agents of the U. S. Fish and Wildlife Service?
Who said, ``Because everyone of those people are law-abiding citizens''?
When do Greg Collins's friends dragged him from the Bear Wallow Cafe _ the end?
What has the use of acclimation pens led to accusations by ranchers in?
Who move to comply with federal court orders in lawsuits brought by environmentalists aimed as saving other threatened and endangered wildlife such as the Mexican spotted owl?
Who did Max Schowengerdt say see a wolf?
What has led to accusations by ranchers that other captive breeding facilities _ are too dependent on humans bringing them food?
Whose friends dragged him from the Bear Wallow Cafe _ the end of another successful day of elk hunting in the heart of eastern Arizona wolf country?
What did Carey say he was handed a piece of paper _ with his name on it _?
What are killed?
What do different people 're not going to shoot?
What do they 're not going to shoot?
What has been harmed?
Who said, ``All they have to do is find one stillborn calf''?
What was criticized Thursday by Peter Galvin?
What does the Fish and Wildlife Service say?
What are colorblind?
What are federal officials releasing the wolves today with brightly colored radio collars and brightly painted markings on?
Who has the use of acclimation pens led to accusations by that other captive breeding facilities _ are too dependent on humans bringing them food?
Who said he was handed a piece of paper _ with his name on it _ that listed the suspects in the wolf killings?
Where does he believe coyote hunting should be outlawed?
What did wolves release for?
What 're not going to go out here?
What do ranchers say that the wolves are attracted by?
What will elk and antelope fawns survive each spring many believe that killing coyotes means?
What do Greg Collins's friends dragged him from the Bear Wallow Cafe _?
What was Silver City?
What are falling copper prices also forcing?
What have wolves been put in?
What does Peter Galvin believe should be outlawed in the wolf recovery area?
What do not seem to move far enough away to keep from being shot?
What is shooting coyotes?
Who does the Fish and Wildlife Service say have no suspects?
Who are under pressure to cut back their herds in areas where federal land managers move to restore rivers and streams damaged by decades of overgrazing livestock?
What will elk and antelope fawns survive each spring believe that killing coyotes means more deer?
What does Collins share another theory that the wolves were intentionally shot by different people in opportunistic moments of frustration between?
Who said no.?'s because that's daddy and their daddy's daddy had guns?
Who said, ``All federal officials have to do is find one stillborn calf''?
Who has the use of acclimation pens led to accusations by ranchers on?
What do many here say they are not so much against dependent on mining?
What does the Fish and Wildlife Service say have no suspects?
What is investigating?
What do recent studies of wolves in Yellowstone National Park show the one way to effectively remove coyotes is the reintroduction of?
What have been put in acclimation pens that ring the Primitive Area?
What did anything that related to the kinds of shell casings find near the dead wolves Carey turned over to special agents of the U. S. Fish and Wildlife Service?
What released there will be forced to fend for themselves right from the start?
What is a time-honored pastime in the rural Southwest?
What have no sheep or cattle been eaten by?
Who do many here say are not so much against the wolves dependent on mining?
Who was a former Las Vegas construction contractor?
When do his friends dragged him from the Bear Wallow Cafe _ the end?
What do biologists plan to release one or two pairs of where mechanized vehicles are prohibited as part of the ongoing reintroduction experiment?
When are they released into the forest?
Who has the use of acclimation pens led to accusations by ranchers that other captive breeding facilities _ are too dependent on?
What has the use of acclimation pens led to by ranchers that other captive breeding facilities _ are too dependent on humans bringing them food?
Where does Peter Galvin believe?
When are ranchers under pressure to cut back their herds in areas where federal land managers move to restore rivers and streams damaged?
What will the markings not affect?
What has been offered for the capture of the wolf killers?
What do ranchers say by?
Who said you see a wolf?
What has a $50,000 reward been offered for?
How many more wolves currently in such pens will be released today?
What have five of the wolves been shot to death in?
Where does Peter Galvin believe coyote hunting should be outlawed?
When has Bill Marks cut his herds in half?
Who did Carey say was handed a piece of paper _ with his name on it _ that listed the suspects in the wolf killings?
What did Dave Parsons say wolves have learned on?
Who was Peter Galvin?
What has the use of acclimation pens led to by ranchers that the wolves _ which were raised in zoos?
When will four more wolves currently in such pens be released?
What did Carey say with?
What did their daddy and their daddy's daddy have?
What have been shot to death in prison?
Where does he believe?
Who are you not going to tell what to do?
Who was Dave Parsons?
What will not affect the wolves ' ability to hunt?
What did Carey say he was handed a piece of paper _ with on it _ that listed the suspects in the wolf killings?
Who do the wolves represent the latest intrusion by?
Who is a former Catron County sheriff and gun shop owner?
Who are not going to tell me what to do?
What are the wolves?
What does Peter Galvin believe coyote hunting should be outlawed in?
What are wolves nearly three times the size of?
What will elk and antelope fawns survive each spring many believe that killing means more deer?
What is the Blue Range Primitive Area?
What do biological studies show?
What do his friends dragged him from the Bear Wallow Cafe _?
What does he believe in?
What did Marks work throughout the summer to scare wolves away from?
Who plan to release at least one wolf pack near Bear Valley at the same time?
Who does the Fish and Wildlife Service say they have?
Who 're not going to go out here?
What are they released into after several weeks?
What did Carey say, ``I knew''?
When was the new wolf-painting effort criticized by Peter Galvin?
What has Bill Marks cut his herds in in recent years?
Who did wolves release for?
What do recent studies of wolves in Yellowstone National Park show the one way to effectively remove coyotes is?
Who ranches?
What show that no matter how many coyotes are killed, they reproduce rapidly?
What represent the latest intrusion by environmentalists and federal land managers?
What did Schowengerdt say's because that's daddy and their daddy's daddy had guns?
What did Carey say he was handed a piece of with his name on it _ that listed the suspects in the wolf killings?
What does every truck that goes down this street have?
Who says they have no suspects?
Who say that the wolves are attracted by the sound of automobiles?
What did Marks work throughout the summer to scare away from his cattle?
What are Jess Carey among?
What does he believe coyote hunting should be outlawed in?
What has a gun in it?
Who said wolves have learned on their own to hunt wild game _ mostly elk?
What are ranchers under damaged by decades of overgrazing livestock?
Who was subpoenaed last month by a federal grand jury investigating the wolf killings?
What has led to claims of death threats received by ranchers and environmentalists?
What will elk and antelope fawns survive each spring many believe?
What do biologists plan to release where mechanized vehicles are prohibited as part of the ongoing reintroduction experiment?
Who was Max Schowengerdt?
Who are released into the forest after several weeks?
What are afraid of people?
Who believes coyote hunting should be outlawed in the wolf recovery area?
Who is Jess Carey?
What compete with cattle for forage?
What are wolves released into after several weeks?
What has an unemployment rate three times?
What has the mystery surrounding the killings led to?
What does he believe should be outlawed in the wolf recovery area?
What did Schowengerdt say's because their daddy and their daddy's daddy had guns?
What do federal officials plan to release at the same time?
What do many here say against?
Who did anything that related to the kinds of shell casings find near the dead wolves Carey turned over reams of records, guns and ammunition to?
What do ranchers say?
Who 're not going to shoot a wolf?
What did that's daddy and their daddy's daddy have?
What do recent studies of wolves in Yellowstone National Park show?
Who was Mexican wolf recovery leader for the Fish and Wildlife Service?
What have five of the wolves been shot to in prison?
What was N. M.?
Who said it's because their daddy and their daddy's daddy had guns?
What were shot?
What were used?
Who grumble that, even though the intent is to protect the wolves this way is the equivalent of painting fluorescent targets on their backsides?
What called the query ``Gestapo tactics by an out-of-control federal agency embarrassed by the total failure of its all-advised reintroduction program?''
What have rewards totaling $45,000 been posted for leading to an arrest and conviction in a wolf killing case?
What did the association call the query ``Gestapo tactics by?''
What did the Cattle Growers ' Association send out a press release urging hunters to boycott a Fish and Wildlife Service questionnaire about on Wednesday?
Who wear radio collars that allow them to be tracked by biologists?
What sent out a press release urging hunters to boycott a Fish and Wildlife Service questionnaire about the wolf killings on Wednesday?
What did ranchers exterminate today's lobos half a century ago from?
Who added that a wolf killed May's 8-year-old trained cow dog?
What took a turn for the worse with the annual fall invasion by hunters of the Apache National Forest?
What worked early this year to remove the animals from areas with sheep and cows?
What were the 6,000 hunters who had permits to hunt dear?
What had wildlife officials mailed?
Who has stressed his support for the program in two visits this year to this mountain town?
What did the Cattle Growers ' Association send out a press release urging hunters to a Fish and Wildlife Service questionnaire about the wolf killings on Wednesday?
What did ranchers exterminate half a century ago from the high timberlands of eastern Arizona?
What should the paint not interfere with?
Who was Sam Luce?
What is Wildlife Service leading into the killings?
What does the intent mark?
What had to be recaptured for five's safety while biologists reworked the program?
What had to be recaptured for their safety while biologists reworked the program?
What do undaunted by losing half of the wolves in the first year, biologists plan to release in the National Forest here next March two?
What were also painted?
What were four wolves shot dead over?
What did someone fire into the offices of a Santa Fe animal rights group reflecting the polarization caused by the wolf release?
When did the Cattle Growers ' Association send out a press release urging hunters to boycott a Fish and Wildlife Service questionnaire about the wolf killings?
When did aware that many local ranchers were hostile to the release of the wolves work to remove them from areas with sheep and cows?
Who fired a shotgun into the offices of a Santa Fe animal rights group reflecting the polarization caused by the wolf release?
What do they say appears that errors by hunters may account for most of the shootings?
Who said, ``Coyotes are varmints''?
What has Bruce Babbitt stressed his support for the program in two visits this year to?
What is Bruce Babbitt the secretary of?
What are more packs?
What had the group received?''
What was on Dec. 6?
What kills our chickens?
Whose Association sent out a press release urging hunters to boycott a Fish and Wildlife Service questionnaire about the wolf killings on Wednesday?
Who was Tim Anderson?
Who are coyotes?
What do I really not think?
What should not interfere with the wolves ' mating habits?
What did Luce add?
What were the governors of both states?
What did Bobby Fite peer down the sight of at what he thought was a coyote stalking two newborn calves near his house here?
What did aware that many local ranchers were hostile to the release of the wolves work early this year to remove them from?
What was the Behavior Research Center?
Who say the rash of wolf shootings in the fall appears that errors by hunters may account for most of the shootings?
What marks them?
Who called the killings ``sabotage'' after the rash of wolf shootings in the fall?
What have been posted for information leading to an arrest and conviction in a wolf killing case?
What were spray-painted orange?
Who did he say that every fall when his neighbors rounded up cattle from grazing on National Forest lands, they regularly discovered to?
What marks the wolves?
Who do I really not think it was?
What surrounds this tiny village?
What did Tim Anderson say over lunch at the Bear Wallow Cafe here that he had?
Who was a big-game hunting guide?
What is an endangered animal?
What is the mountain town?
What had received an anonymous letter threatening ``to kill any wolf reintroduced?''
How many hunters who had permits to hunt dear were elk, bear and mountain lions in the wolf area?
What slipped into the kind of harsh language that often has surrounded the wolf program?
What plan to release in the National Forest here next March two more packs?
What kills our barn cats?
What is to help hunters distinguish Mexican wolves from coyotes?
Who say it appears that errors by hunters may account for most of the shootings?
What did Tim Anderson say over lunch at the Bear Wallow Cafe here?
Who released two pairs into the wilderness?
What do Sam Luce really not think?
How many guns were used?
What did the local people have?
When did a poll in October of 720 Arizona residents by the Behavior Research Center find that 61 percent of respondents said?
What are one of the smallest wolf subspecies in North America?
What did he say that every fall when his neighbors rounded up cattle from grazing on National Forest lands, they regularly discovered that they had lost to predators?
What do wildlife officials say the rash of wolf shootings in the fall appears for?
What do today's lobos wear?
What did things take for the worse with the annual fall invasion by hunters of the Apache National Forest?
What did Tim Anderson say: ``I have that I have turned down $4,000 for''?
What was opposed by the ranching associations of New Mexico and Arizona and by votes of county commissioners in 11 counties?
Where were four wolves shot dead?
Who really do not think plenty of opportunities to shoot these wolves was the ranchers?
Who is the secretary of the interior and a former governor of Arizona?
Who said: ``I have hounds that I have turned down $4,000 for''?
What did scientists release two pairs into?
What do wildlife officials say for?
What has Bruce Babbitt stressed his support for the program in to this mountain town?
What do Sam Luce really not think was the ranchers?
What were the hindquarters of each wolf?
What hounds barked outside?
Who peered down the sight of his. 22 magnum rifle at what he thought was a coyote stalking two newborn calves near his house here?
What were the ranching associations of New Mexico and Arizona the governors of?
What worked early this year to remove them from areas with sheep and cows?
What is Bruce Babbitt?
Who guess crossed?
When did aware that many local ranchers were hostile to the release of the wolves work to monitor the animals?
Who did he say: ``have hounds that I have turned down $4,000 for''?
When began in August?
What did the association slip into?
Who had mailed brochures explaining the wolf-recovery program to the 6,000 hunters who had permits to hunt dear?
Who exterminated them half a century ago from the high timberlands of eastern Arizona?
What can coyotes be legally shot in much of the rural West?
What do undaunted by losing half of the wolves in the first year, biologists plan to release in here next March two more packs?
What is a five-hour drive from Phoenix?
Whose blue tick hunting hounds barked outside?
What are the garden-variety predators of the West?
Who added that a wolf killed his 8-year-old trained cow dog?
Who were newly reintroduced after ranchers exterminated them half a century ago from the high timberlands of eastern Arizona?
What did the association call by an out-of-control federal agency embarrassed by the total failure of its all-advised reintroduction program?''
What did wildlife officials call the killings ``sabotage'' after?
What did Tim Anderson say over here that he had no problems with a few wolves in the woods?
What do wildlife officials say the rash of wolf shootings in the fall appears that errors by hunters may account for?
Who was another rancher near here?
What does they kill?
What does he look just like?
What were here already _ mountain lions?
What did aware that many local ranchers were hostile to the release of the wolves work early this year to monitor?
When did the hunting season begin?
What did aware that many local ranchers were hostile to the release of the wolves work early this year to remove from areas with sheep and cows?
What were lots of bears?
Who exterminated today's lobos half a century ago from the high timberlands of eastern Arizona?
When did aware that many local ranchers were hostile to the release of the wolves work to remove the animals from areas with sheep and cows?
What did Tim Anderson say: ``I have hounds''?
Who kills our chickens?
What were coyotes?
Who did ranchers exterminate half a century ago from the high timberlands of eastern Arizona?
What is Wildlife Service leading the investigation into?
What has Bruce Babbitt stressed in two visits this year to this mountain town?
How many pairs did scientists release into the wilderness?
What puts the wolf in a bad situation?
What were coyotes lots of?
What is to have a population of 100 Mexican wolves roaming the National Forest by the year 2005?
What consider them a target?
What does the garden-variety predators of the West kill?
What is leading the investigation into the killings?
Who was a retired doctor whose cattle grazes on his own land along the Blue River?
What did aware that many local ranchers were hostile to the release of the wolves work early this year to remove the animals from?
What say it appears that errors by hunters may account for most of the shootings?
Who kills our barn cats?
Where has Bruce Babbitt stressed his support for the program in two visits this year?
Who said over lunch at the Bear Wallow Cafe here that he had no problems with a few wolves in the woods?
What retracted the questionnaire last Friday?
What does that put the wolf in?
What did someone fire a shotgun into the offices of a Santa Fe animal rights group?
What are coyotes the garden-variety predators of?
Who does the intent mark?
Who did he say to?
What are color blind?
What was the Service faced with sharp criticism by?
Who were pink for females?
What worked early this year to monitor the animals?
Who said, ``This competition just throws these wolves into the cattle''?
Who do Sam Luce really not think plenty of opportunities to shoot these wolves was?
What are mexican wolves one of?
What did ranchers exterminate them half a century ago from?
What is the Mexican wolf?
How many wolves were shot dead over an area the size of Connecticut?
What does the Apache National Forest surround?
What was the Service faced with by three of New Mexico's congressmen?
Who was Luce?
What do they say it appears that errors by hunters may account for?
Who was a retired doctor whose cattle grazes on Bruce Babbitt's own land along the Blue River?
What were males?
What appeared at first to be successful?
What can be legally shot year round in much of the rural West?
What found that 61 percent of respondents said they had become more supportive in recent years of efforts to protect endangered wildlife?
What did the Cattle Growers ' Association send out urging hunters to boycott a Fish and Wildlife Service questionnaire about the wolf killings on Wednesday?
Who looks just like a coyote?
Who said, ``We 've got plenty of predators around here already _ mountain lions''?
Who guesses crossed?
What did things take a turn for by hunters of the Apache National Forest?
What were shot dead over an area the size of Connecticut?
When did a poll in October of 720 Arizona residents by the Behavior Research Center find that 61 percent of respondents said they had become more supportive?
Who really does not think it was the ranchers?
What does that put in a bad situation?
Who said, ``respondents 've got plenty of predators around here already _ mountain lions''?
What was killed?
What did scientists release into the wilderness?
Who did things take a turn for the worse with the annual fall invasion by?
When was the wolf release?
What were biologists?
When do undaunted by losing half of the wolves in the first year, biologists plan to release in the National Forest here more packs?
Who were elk, bear and mountain lions in the wolf area?
What did he say: ``I have hounds''?
What did he say: ``I have that I have turned down $4,000 for''?
What have had a rocky return to Arizona's forests this year?
When did a poll in October of 720 Arizona residents by the Behavior Research Center find?
Who were the ranching associations of New Mexico and Arizona?
What did Bobby Fite peer down at what he thought was a coyote stalking two newborn calves near his house here?
Who did Tim Anderson say: ``have hounds that I have turned down $4,000 for''?
What are mexican wolves?
What did the local people have plenty of?
What do wildlife officials say appears that errors by hunters may account for most of the shootings?
What are totaling nine wolves?
What was a Phoenix company?
What had plenty of opportunities to shoot these wolves?
What do they say it appears for?
Who were the wolves?
What does Sam Luce look just like?
What is to protect the wolves?
What do I really not think was the ranchers?
What did Luce add that a wolf killed?
When began?
What did someone fire a shotgun into reflecting the polarization caused by the wolf release?
What do they say for?
What can coyotes be legally shot year round in?
Who did aware that many local ranchers were hostile to the release of the wolves work early this year to remove from areas with sheep and cows?
What did the rest have to be recaptured for while biologists reworked the program?
What was shot?
What was faced with sharp criticism by three of New Mexico's congressmen?
What was the matter what?
What do another adult pair and two more pups arrive may arrive before the end of winter?
What's a tragic event?
Where did Babbitt bring 11 wolves to get the program started?
What is one of the first places in the national forest system?
What were the two remaining males paired last month with of the original 11?
Who plan to re-establish a self-supporting population of at least 100 wolves in eastern Arizona and western New Mexico by 2005?
Who continue their opposition to the reintroductions with a new federal court petition?
Who was Sam Luce?
What do the few ranchers fear will be too close to their spring calving grounds?
How many wolves did Babbitt bring to Arizona to get the program started?
Who said endangered Mexican gray wolves are here to stay?
What did Babbitt condemn?
Who attempt to keep the captive-bred wolves as wild as possible by releasing them in the most inaccessible parts of the forest?
When do more wolves arrive?
What do the Markses own a small amount of private land surrounded by government lands lease for their cattle?
What does the case's?
What brought 11 wolves to Arizona to get the program started?
Who are the Markses like?
What were paired last month with two new females of the original 11?
Who _ acting on behalf of ranchers _ shot and poisoned Mexican wolves and none in the wild in Mexico after 1980?
What were five shot dead of?
Who 're hunters or ranchers or anyone else?
What is the wolves's killing punishable by?
Who are like Bill and Barbara Marks?
Whose recovery is the No. 1 priority among international wolf experts?
What do they wear?
What do I not know?
Who can be reached at 444-8810 or at steve. yozwiakpni. com via e-mail?
Who do the Markses own a small amount of private land surrounded by government lands lease for their cattle?
What could their thick winter fur obscure?
What can be built inside the primitive area?
What was more wolves?
Who was Diane Boyd-Heger?
When do another adult pair and two more pups arrive today, two pairs of adults were released?
What do another adult pair and two more pups arrive?
What is a $50,000 reward offered for leading to the arrest of those responsible for the deaths of the wolves?
What do Federal biologists plan to re-establish?
What did Babbitt bring 11 wolves to to get the program started?
What do the few ranchers fear to?
Who was dog?
What is presumed dead in addition?
Who continue to post a $50,000 reward for the arrest of those responsible for last year's wolf killings?
Who was Mexican wolf biologist for the Arizona Game and Fish Department?
What are the lobos of the Southwest the rarest subspecies of?
Who remain responsible for identifying their targets?
What is offered for information leading to the arrest of those responsible for the deaths of the wolves?
Who plan to release some wolves inside the Blue Range Primitive Area to ban motorized vehicles?
What did PHOENIX _ Interior Secretary Bruce Babbitt say?
Who said, ``This is our reward for opposing the program''?
What do the Markses own a small amount of private land surrounded by government lands they lease for?
Who do they 're?
What could hunters's thick winter fur obscure?
What hosts a few ranchers?
Who do anybody 're?
What is the lobos of the Southwest's recovery?
Who are the few ranchers like?
What wear brightly colored collars?
Who wear brightly colored collars?
What is the first Mexican wolf pup born in the wild in half a century presumed dead in?
What is growing among those involved in the reintroduction that the killings may have been random acts by hunters?
What do the reintroduction efforts across the West represent a complete reversal of policy by?
What do the Markses own they lease for their cattle?
What arrive two more pairs of adult wolves may arrive before the end of winter?
What is the first Mexican wolf pup born in the wild in half a century missing in?
Who does the primitive area host?
What was Pepi?
What do the Markses own a small amount of private land surrounded by government lands for?
What did Babbitt bring to Arizona to get the program started?
What is the Blue Range Primitive Area one of?
What did PHOENIX _ Interior Secretary Bruce Babbitt say are here to stay?
Who fear the wolves brought in by helicopter will be too close to their spring calving grounds?
What could obscure these markings?
What sport bright orange, pink or yellow markings on their fur and their radio-location collars?
What were shot dead of the 11 wolves brought to the wilds of Arizona last year?
What promised that no matter what would come?
Who said, ``You have a government program that can destroy an individual and his private property''?
What were recaptured for their own protection?
What can no pens or other structures be built inside?
What condemned the wolf killings?
What do ranchers continue?
How many more pairs of adult wolves do another adult pair and two more pups arrive may arrive before the end of winter?
When do government agents _ acting on behalf of ranchers _ shot and poisoned Mexican wolves and none in the wild in Mexico?
What all the wolves released this winter sport?
What have no cattle, sheep or people been killed or injured by the wolves despite?
What 're hunters or ranchers or anyone else?
What did the former Arizona governor mean?
What might the wolves be removed from the federal Endangered Species List at?
What do the wolves feed on?
Who are the rarest subspecies of wolf in North America?
What arrive today, two pairs of adults were released Dec. 11?
What does the case's not in?
What feed on overpopulated herds of wild elk?
What is missing in addition?
Who own a small amount of private land surrounded by government lands they lease for their cattle?
What is presumed dead?
What does it's not in?
What have been killed or injured by the wolves despite fears expressed by ranchers and others?
When do another adult pair and two more pups arrive two more pairs of adult wolves may arrive?
What is the Blue Range Primitive Area?
What do the reintroduction efforts across the West represent by the federal government?
What were the two remaining males paired last month with two new females of?
What did Babbitt bring 11 wolves to Arizona to get started?
What is the No. 1 priority among international wolf experts?
When do another adult pair and two more pups arrive?
What is their recovery?
What's not in anybody's best interest?
What do the Markses own a small amount of they lease for their cattle?
What were three recaptured for?
What did Babbitt promise?
What comes a year after Babbitt brought 11 wolves to Arizona to get the program started?
Who was a rancher along the isolated Blue River whose trained cow dog was killed by a wolf last year?
What does it's?
What do the reintroduction efforts across the West represent a complete reversal of by the federal government?
What do researchers plan to release to ban motorized vehicles?
What is missing?
What are the lobos of the Southwest?
Who does not know who did it?
What do researchers plan to release some wolves inside the Blue Range Primitive Area to ban?
What do government agents _ acting on after 1980?
Who are like most ranchers in the West?
What might be removed from the federal Endangered Species List at that point?
When were the two remaining males paired with two new females of the original 11?
What may even arrive by helicopter as researchers attempt to keep the captive-bred wolves as wild as possible by releasing them in the most inaccessible parts of the forest?
What do Federal biologists plan to re-establish a self-supporting population of by 2005?
How many remaining males were paired last month with two new females of the original 11?
What do researchers attempt to keep as wild as possible by releasing them in the most inaccessible parts of the forest?
Who meant it?
What do environmentalists continue to post?
What might the wolves be removed from at that point?
What is punishable by a fine of up to $100,000 and a year in prison?
Who said, ``My goal is to make these wolves as wild as possible, and keep them wild''?
What do the few ranchers fear the wolves brought in by helicopter will be too close to?
What is speculation growing among?
What represent a complete reversal of policy by the federal government?
What can biologists achieve?
What do adjacent areas _?
Who have bred from just 5 animals a total of 150 wolves with the ultimate goal of having 100 in the wild and 240 in captivity?
What was captive breeding practiced as?
What have failed to meet expectations in fact?
What have already cost more than $50 million?
What collapsed in 1993 without producing a single birth or protecting any wild rhinos?
Who was S. D.?
What do other problems include among captive animals that can lead to genetic abnormalities and other health problems?
What have the vast majority of programs failed to meet in fact?
What were similar programs begun for in other parts of the world while advances in reproductive technologies inspired plans for preserving frozen embryos and sperm in high-technology gene banks?
What do biologists estimate that there are as many as 56 condors now riding thermal currents over?
What have the condor already cost?
What have the recent developments with the Mexican wolf and those three other high-profile rescue programs underscored?
What is wolf and ferret programs?
What is the black-footed ferret producing in and out of captivity, primarily in South Dakota, Montana, and a large breeding operation in Wyoming?
What did captive breeding come to be seen in the 1970s as?
What was practiced as a way to replace stocks for hunting and fishing?
What had biologists begun reintroducing into the wild again by the end of the year?
What have biologists bred from just 5 animals with the ultimate goal of having 100 in the wild and 240 in captivity?
What has none of the released condors yet reproduced in?
What do critics also maintain?
What had biologists begun reintroducing the wolves into again by the end of the year?
What were begun for species in other parts of the world while advances in reproductive technologies inspired plans for preserving frozen embryos and sperm in high-technology gene banks?
What plague is obliterating black-tailed prairie dogs across the West?
What is a plague obliterating black-tailed prairie dogs across?
Who does now?
What have the condor and black-footed ferret bred well in?
Where do biologists estimate?
What do biologists estimate over?
What do other problems include a lack of among captive animals that can lead to genetic abnormalities and other health problems?
Who said, ``I do not expect the ferret ever to be recovered to the point where it can be downlisted from endangered to threatened?''
What can they achieve?
What was Peter Gober Fish and Wildlife Service biologist in Pierre?
What are particularly sensitive to lead?
Who can achieve their goal?
What remain vulnerable?
What _ a remarkable recovery for the huge carrion eater that became extinct in the wild in 1987?
What was Peter Gober?
What did advances in reproductive technologies inspire?
What have biologists bred from a total of 150 wolves with the ultimate goal of having 100 in the wild and 240 in captivity?
What did the World Conservation Union's captive breeding specialist group suggest in 1994?
What are the black-footed ferrets ' sole food source?
Where do biologists estimate that there are as many as 56 condors now riding thermal currents?
Who do not know how to live outside a cage?
What do not know how to live outside a cage?
What have they bred well in?
What came to be seen in the 1970s as a panacea for species teetering on the edge of extinction?
What was ready to welcome them back to a reconstructed nature, be it?
Who was a United States?
What have the vast majority of programs failed to meet expectations in?
What have faltered?
What inspired plans for preserving frozen embryos and sperm in high-technology gene banks?
What did zoos begin to promote themselves as?
Who have bred well in captivity?
What do biologists estimate that there are as many as 56 condors now riding over Southern California?
What have underscored the perils and promise of reintroducing captive bred animals?
What was ready to welcome stable, genetically sound populations of rare animals back to a reconstructed nature, be it?
Who said, ``The Noah's Ark theory has no validity''?
When did the World Conservation Union's captive breeding specialist group suggest that the world's zoos could breed and maintain as many as 2,000 endangered species of vertebrates?
What is habitat being lost at an alarming rate to even without the?
Who had begun reintroducing the wolves into the wild again by the end of the year?
What are black-tailed prairie dogs?
What do critics also maintain that the reintroduction process is?
What do critics also maintain that the reintroduction process is wasteful of?
What have biologists bred from just 5 animals a total of 150 wolves with?
What has yet reproduced in the wild?
Who also maintain that the reintroduction process is wasteful of individual animals?
What do the reintroduction process not know outside?
When did captive breeding come to be seen as a panacea for species teetering on the edge of extinction?
What is habitat being lost at an alarming rate to development and prairie-dog eradication programs even without?
What is the condor?
What have biologists bred from just 5 animals a total of with the ultimate goal of having 100 in the wild and 240 in captivity?
What is being lost at an alarming rate to development and prairie-dog eradication programs even without the?
What were similar programs begun for species in while advances in reproductive technologies inspired plans for preserving frozen embryos and sperm in high-technology gene banks?
When is habitat being lost to development and prairie-dog eradication programs even without the?
Who estimate that there are as many as 56 condors now riding thermal currents over Southern California?
What have bred well in captivity?
What do they not know outside?
What is producing a bumper crop of kits in and out of captivity, primarily in South Dakota, Montana, and a large breeding operation in Wyoming?
What had biologists begun reintroducing the wolves into the wild again by?
What suggested that the world's zoos could breed and maintain as many as 2,000 endangered species of vertebrates in 1994?
Who are particularly sensitive to lead?
What can achieve their goal?
Where is the black-footed ferret producing a bumper crop of kits in and out of captivity, primarily in South Dakota, Montana, and a large breeding operation?
Where has the red wolf been re-established?
What did it also note that any reintroduction of wolves to the northeastern United States would require?
What inhabit large areas of Wyoming, Montana and Idaho?
What prey on moose for instance?
What testifies?
Who were once plentiful at northern New England or the Adirondacks or the?
How many former American strongholds are the Northern Rockies and the upper Great Lakes?
What have rapidly reproduced?
What did the 1997 study find that northern New England was a better bet than for both natural colonization and for providing sufficiently extensive habitat?
Where is the Mexican wolf also being restored?
What is northern New England?
What do packs tend to kill rather than breed with them?
What was a scientific journal?
What had hunting and trapping reduced the wolf population of southern Quebec enough to lessen?
What have owners of the livestock been compensated from?
What have their passage, most importantly legal hunting and trapping long been a way of in that region of Canada?
What is also being restored to the Southwest?
What do opponents argue that wolves would prey on?
What are owners allowed under to shoot wolves?
Who was Nina Fascione?
What did they always live at?
What also concluded that intensive hunting and snaring would further inhibit their spread?
What did it also conclude?
Who argue that wolves would prey on livestock?
Who was the director of species conservation for the Defenders of Wildlife?
What are two former American strongholds?
Who were historically the region's top predators?
What have acquired a certain cachet?
Who could the basic rationale for re-establishing wolves in the Northeast be strengthened by recent genetic studies by from the standpoint of conserving biological diversity?
What have Conservation organizations been pressing for the re-establishment of timber wolves in?
What has nearly tripled?
If wolves were put into the Adirondacks, what did Weber say in, they would probably expand into more of upstate New York and neighboring New England?
When have Conservation organizations been extinct?
Even if a few lone wolves were to succeed in filtering into the northeastern states, what found mate with the region's abundant coyotes?
What have been pressing for the re-establishment of timber wolves in northern New England or the Adirondacks or both?
What was intensive hunting and snaring coupled with?
What could this create in which the wolf gene pool would eventually be swamped?
How many wolves now live in Minnesota, Wisconsin and Michigan?
What also noted that any reintroduction of wolves to the northeastern United States would require Canadian cooperation?
What do proponents of wolf recovery say that restoring wolves would help to re-establish?
What have Moose flourished in because logging has created ideal second-growth habitat for them?
What do wolves prey on moose for?
How many possible corridors near Quebec City did it also identify along which wolves could disperse from Quebec into Maine?
Who always lived at Michigan?
What found that northern New England was a better bet than the Adirondacks for both natural colonization and for providing sufficiently extensive habitat?
What have long been a way of life in that region of Canada?
Who was Weber one of?
What have many barriers's passage, most importantly legal hunting and trapping long been a way of in that region of Canada?
What do some opponents also fear?
What have wolves acquired?
What is her organization completing?
What do experts on wolves say?
What are doing so well?
What also found that the Adirondacks had little more than half the area needed to sustain a wolf population?
What do proponents of wolf recovery say?
What do the carcasses of animals killed by wolves provide food for scavengers that are essential elements of a complete ecosystem in?
What did the study also find?
Where have their passage, most importantly legal hunting and trapping long been a way of life?
Who say they bring in tourist dollars?
What has the red wolf been re-established in?
What are moose too big for?
Who said the new study ``says what wolves from southern Quebec have felt all along''?
Where do some 2,500 wolves now live?
Who said the new study ``says what we have felt all along''?
When is her organization completing its own two-part study?
Who do packs tend to kill coyotes rather than breed with?
If wolves were put into the Adirondacks, what did Weber say in?
What did an earlier study conclude from?
What did the new study find that highways, railroads and the St. Lawrence River posed formidable barriers across?
What do many barriers inhibit?
What is completing its own two-part study of restoration in the Northeast?
What did the study also identify along which wolves could disperse from Quebec into Maine?
Who have been compensated from a special fund set up by the Defenders of Wildlife?
What were led by the Washington-based Defenders of Wildlife?
What did the study also note?
What has doubled?
Who say that restoring wolves would help to re-establish natural ecological relationships long sundered in the Northeast?
Who said that natural colonization remained a possibility if Canada and the United States worked together to protect wolves in the dispersal corridors?
What have Moose flourished in because logging has created ideal second-growth habitat for there?
What was coupled with negative attitudes toward wolves?
What are federal officials turning to the Northeast?
What have been extinct for about a century?
Who said that for her, the possibility of interbreeding between wolves and coyotes was the biggest concern about the success of wolf restoration in the Northeast?
What had hunting and trapping reduced the wolf population of enough to lessen the pressure on wolves to migrate to the United States?
Where have Conservation organizations been pressing for the re-establishment of timber wolves?
Who were Conservation organizations led by?
What did gray wolves always live at?
What do proponents say they bring in?
What are too big for coyotes?
Who believe?
What are federal officials turning their attention to?
What have flourished in northern New England because there are no predators?
Where have Moose flourished because there are no predators?
What has been instrumental in the Northern Rockies wolf restoration?
Who was Weber?
Who did Ms. Fascione say for?
What found that highways, railroads and the St. Lawrence River posed formidable barriers across these corridors?
What could create a hybrid population in which the wolf gene pool would eventually be swamped?
Where were both once plentiful?
Who do proponents say bring in tourist dollars?
How many packs totaling 400 to 500 wolves now inhabit large areas of Wyoming, Montana and Idaho?
Who said, ``Any restoration in New England has to be done with binational cooperation''?
What have Moose flourished in because there are no predators?
What do packs tend to kill coyotes rather than with them?
Where did gray wolves always live?
What did Ms. Fascione say that for her, the possibility of interbreeding between wolves and coyotes was the biggest concern about?
What did the authors say that natural colonization remained?
Where did they always live?
What did the authors say?
What was the New York Zoological Society?
What did it also note?
What did an earlier study conclude that the Adirondacks were too removed from for any natural recolonization to take place?
What have flourished in northern New England because logging has created ideal second-growth habitat for them?
Even if a few lone wolves were to succeed in filtering into the northeastern states, who did the study find?
What does the study appear in?
What did it also find?
What have Conservation organizations been pressing for in northern New England or the Adirondacks or both?
Where were they once plentiful?
What also concluded that intensive hunting and snaring would further inhibit negative attitudes toward wolves's spread?
What had reduced the wolf population of southern Quebec enough to lessen the pressure on wolves to migrate to the United States?
Where have many barriers's passage, most importantly legal hunting and trapping long been a way of life?
What did the 1997 study find than?
What do more than 30 packs totaling 400 to 500 wolves now inhabit?
What have many barriers's passage, most importantly legal hunting and trapping long been a way of life in?
Who also fear that wolves might attack people?
What do more than 30 packs totaling 400 to 500 wolves now inhabit large areas of?
What are owners allowed under federal rules to shoot?
What do proponents say bring in tourist dollars?
What do opponents argue on?
What did it also find that the Adirondacks had?
What do the carcasses of animals killed by wolves provide food for in addition?
What did the new study find across?
What did the study also find that the Adirondacks had?
Where have Moose flourished because logging has created ideal second-growth habitat for them?
What do some opponents also fear that wolves might attack?
What could be strengthened by recent genetic studies by Canadian scientists from the standpoint of conserving biological diversity?
What did it also conclude that intensive hunting and snaring would further inhibit?
What are gray wolves on?
What appears in the current issue of the Wildlife Society Bulletin?
Who are turning their attention to the Northeast?
Who said?
What did the new study find that highways, railroads and the St. Lawrence River posed across these corridors?
What would the wolves probably spread into?
What have been legally killed?
What could the basic rationale for re-establishing wolves in the Northeast be strengthened by by Canadian scientists from the standpoint of conserving biological diversity?
What did it also identify along which wolves could disperse from Quebec into Maine?
How many possible corridors near Quebec City did the study also identify along which wolves could disperse from Quebec into Maine?
If wolves were put into the Adirondacks, what did Weber say in a recent interview, they would probably expand into?
What have their passage, most importantly legal hunting and trapping long been a way of life in?
What was the Wildlife Conservation Society?
What are on the rebound in two former American strongholds?
What could the basic rationale for re-establishing wolves in the Northeast be strengthened by recent genetic studies by Canadian scientists from?
What would probably spread into New Brunswick?
What is the Mexican wolf also being restored to?
What is both?
What also identified two possible corridors near Quebec City along which wolves could disperse from Quebec into Maine?
What concluded that the Adirondacks were too removed from Canadian wolf packs for any natural recolonization to take place?
What have flourished in northern New England because logging has created ideal second-growth habitat for there?
What had hunting and trapping reduced enough to lessen the pressure on wolves to migrate to the United States?
What do some 2,500 wolves now live in?
Where have Moose flourished because logging has created ideal second-growth habitat for there?
What inhibit their passage, most importantly legal hunting and trapping?
Who say that they strongly fear humans and avoid them?
Whose organization has been instrumental in the Northern Rockies wolf restoration?
What were both once plentiful at?
What did Nina Fascione say the new study ``says''?
Who did Ms. Fascione say that for, the possibility of interbreeding between wolves and coyotes was the biggest concern about the success of wolf restoration in the Northeast?
If wolves were put into the Adirondacks, who said in a recent interview, they would probably expand into more of upstate New York and neighboring New England?
What did the study also note that any reintroduction of wolves to the northeastern United States would require?
What did the study also conclude that intensive hunting and snaring would further inhibit?
What were once plentiful at northern New England or the Adirondacks or the?
What were actually likely to move along the corridors?
When has Nina Fascione's organization been instrumental?
What are the Northern Rockies and the upper Great Lakes?
What do the carcasses of animals killed by wolves provide for scavengers that are essential elements of a complete ecosystem in addition?
When has her organization been instrumental?
What do packs tend to kill coyotes rather than breed with?
What always lived at Michigan?
What do wolves prey on for instance?
What tend to kill coyotes rather than breed with them?
What did the study also conclude?
What did an earlier study conclude that the Adirondacks were too removed from Canadian wolf packs for to take place?
What did Ms. Fascione say that for her, the possibility of interbreeding between wolves and coyotes was?
What has been re-established in the Southeast?
What provide food for scavengers that are essential elements of a complete ecosystem in addition?
Who was one of four authors of the study?
What now live in Minnesota, Wisconsin and Michigan?
What have many barriers's passage, most importantly legal hunting and trapping long been in that region of Canada?
What were they once plentiful at?
What do proponents say in?
What have their passage, most importantly legal hunting and trapping long been in that region of Canada?
What did the 1997 study find that northern New England was than the Adirondacks for both natural colonization and for providing sufficiently extensive habitat?
Who are allowed under federal rules to shoot wolves?
What was the Wildlife Society Bulletin?
What did Bangs say that removing canadian wolves would be a problem as?
Who has one pack each established itself near?
What were confirmed victims of the Northern Rockies wolves from 1995 through 1998?
What do livestock producers in Montana lose by comparison?
Who said, ``many of the wolves born after the initial reintroductions are dad-gum close to the countdown'' to that day''?
What did Bangs say that removing them would be as a practical matter?
What was paid to the affected owners from a fund maintained by the Defenders of Wildlife in the current issue of the Wildlife Society Bulletin?
Who could not catch them all alive?
What has one pack each established near Cody?
What have taken up territories well outside Yellowstone Park in the last year for the first time since the reintroductions?
What is the case now on?
What have the Yellowstone wolves generally concentrated on?
What do livestock producers in Montana lose an average of 142,000 sheep and 86,000 cattle by?
Who is Cody?
How many marauding wolves have been killed?
When have wolves taken up territories well outside Yellowstone Park in the last year?
What is Cody?
What do livestock producers in Montana lose an average of by comparison?
What did Bangs say that removing them would be a problem as?
What has the Jackson pack adopted the National Elk Refuge as?
What was 142,000 sheep and 86,000 cattle valued at year?
What is 142,000 sheep and 86,000 cattle to?
Who were 80 cattle, 190 sheep and 12 dogs confirmed from 1995 through 1998?
Who could remove all the wolves?
What were introduced to these two areas in 1995 and 1996?
Who is Dubois and Jackson?
Who did Bangs say that removing would be a problem as a practical matter?
What were 80 cattle, 190 sheep and 12 dogs confirmed victims of from 1995 through 1998?
Who is all in Wyoming?
What did Bangs say that removing would be a problem as a practical matter?
What has steadily expanded their populations since then?
What inhabit northwestern Montana as a result of natural southward expansion of wolves from Canada that began in the mid-1980s in addition?
When were 80 cattle, 190 sheep and 12 dogs confirmed victims of the Northern Rockies wolves?
What are not wearing radio collars?
What were predation by mountain lions, auto collisions, avalanches, old age and gunshots?
Who could you not catch all alive?
What has learned to kill bison in the park?
What each has established itself near Cody?
What preyed on livestock?
What is to all causes?
How many cattle, 190 sheep and 12 dogs were confirmed victims of the Northern Rockies wolves from 1995 through 1998?
What is now something of a bison specialist?
What is now on appeal?
How many miles from the park boundary is Cody?
Who is one Yellowstone pack now something of?
When do about 10 percent of the wolves die from various causes?
What has adopted the National Elk Refuge as its winter hunting ground?
Who said?
What has steadily expanded canadian wolves's populations since then?
Who lose an average of 142,000 sheep and 86,000 cattle by comparison?
Who said that removing canadian wolves would be a problem as a practical matter?
Who could not catch canadian wolves all alive?
What is home to at least 12 packs with about 115 adults and 60 to 65 pups?
What makes a genetic connection that could be the foundation for a single Rockies population?
What has decided that the rules under which reintroduced wolves can be killed violate the Endangered Species Act?
What is the wilderness of central Idaho to at least 12 packs with about 115 adults and 60 to 65 pups?
Who said, ``We are dad-gum close to the countdown'' to that day''?
What are many of the wolves born after the initial reintroductions not wearing?
What did Bangs say as a practical matter?
What do 8 packs with about 60 adults and some 50 pups inhabit northwestern Montana as in addition?
What would be hard to find?
What did Bangs say that removing canadian wolves would be as a practical matter?
What does the fact that in at least two instances, wolves from different populations have mated make?
What has a federal court decided that the rules under which reintroduced wolves can be killed violate Act?
What die each year from various causes?
When was 142,000 sheep and 86,000 cattle valued at $45 million?
What have been killed?
What has the Jackson pack adopted as its winter hunting ground?
What have wolves taken up in the last year for the first time since the reintroductions?
What has natural reproduction steadily expanded since then?
What is one Yellowstone pack now?
What has a federal court decided?
What were done legally?
What do about 10 percent of the wolves die each year from?
What was nearly $70,000 in compensation paid to the affected owners from in the current issue of the Wildlife Society Bulletin?
What was nearly $70,000 in compensation paid to the affected owners from a fund maintained by the Defenders of Wildlife in?
What were various causes predation by?
What generally have concentrated on the park's abundant elk population?
What did wolves prey on?
Who is some 50 miles from the park boundary?
What could Bangs not catch all alive?
Where were canadian wolves introduced?
What has learned to attack?
Who was nearly $70,000 in compensation paid to from a fund maintained by the Defenders of Wildlife in the current issue of the Wildlife Society Bulletin?
What was valued at $45 million year?
What could you not catch all alive?
What were moved after depredations?
What has a federal court ordered removed from Central Idaho and Yellowstone?
When have wolves taken up territories well outside Yellowstone Park for the first time since the reintroductions?
When is 142,000 sheep and 86,000 cattle?
Who say?
What has one Yellowstone pack learned to kill?
What were canadian wolves introduced to?
What could Bangs remove?
What were forty-seven wolves moved after?
What has ordered all the wolves removed from Central Idaho and Yellowstone?
Who said that removing them would be a problem as a practical matter?
What is each year?
What is the wilderness of central Idaho home to?
What could you remove?
What does note that the losses would surely be minimal?
What are ratings based on?
What do a few lapses weaken the author has painted?
What has Rick Bass entered to be fair?
What did our rating: HH &ql; If ever there were a true recreational mecca, fit the bill?
What &QL; If ever there were a true recreational mecca, Colorado's Rocky Mountains fit the bill?
Who is a world-class mountaineer who has climbed Mount Everest and was only the second climber to scale the highest peak on every continent?
What has initiated an emotional argument that seems to go way beyond the paltry numbers involved?
Who falls into the role of a mystic?
Who has made his 166-page book readable and enlightening?
What is a creature able to stir passion?
What _ not flowery?
What has our rating: HH Maurizio Valerio compiled a list of?
What has the author set the ambitious goal of being both journalistic and literary in?
What could be fabulous, and fabulously expensive?
What certainly do not show knowledge of the region described in the 180-page no-nonsense guidebook?
What pose a threat to livestock on the parched and often overgrazed land?
What do the mediocre black-and-white photos certainly not show knowledge of?
What do _ wolves pose?
What certainly do not show it?
What weaken the vivid picture he has painted?
What does the author fall into?
What has he made?
Who shows a delicate touch?
What will triathlon types be?
What is sympathetic to the wolves ' plight?
What are also inadequate?
What does he provide?
What is fly-fishing and other angling?
What did the wild's rating: HH &ql;?
What can be grating?
What is bird hunting?
Who has climbed all of Colorado's 14,000-plus-feet pinnacles and displays an expert knowledge of the region described in the 180-page no-nonsense guidebook?
What did the wild's rating: HH &ql; If ever there were a true recreational mecca, fit the bill?
What do a few lapses weaken he has painted?
What did the wild's rating: HH &ql; If ever there were a true recreational mecca, Colorado's Rocky Mountains fit?
What is failure another example of?
What has the wild's rating: HH Maurizio Valerio compiled?
What is the wolf able to stir passion?
Who will find the book not a meal but an appetizer?
Who is the Texas native _ from deep in the heart of often-militant opposition to wolves _?
What does the author show?
What has such a dark hold of human imagination that rational debate may be impossible?
Who do a few lapses weaken the vivid picture has painted?
Who pose a threat to livestock on the parched and often overgrazed land?
Who better stay at home?
What has entered the circle with the credentials to be fair?
What is another example of questionable government planning?
What has the author set in ``The New Wolves''?
What did our rating: HH &ql;?
Who has set the ambitious goal of being both journalistic and literary in ``The New Wolves''?
What is unique in some way; if not, why travel so far to get there?
What does Bass note?
Who would be helpful?
What is knowledge and performance?
What do the mediocre black-and-white photos certainly not show?
What has Bass sketched the basic details of?
What do directions concise for?
What is reintroduction?
What is a conservationist and a hunter?
What concise for the 21 trailheads, 29 hikes, 49 peaks and 127 routes?
Where do Weekend warriors better stay?
What are good?
What do a few lapses weaken the vivid picture?
What does note that each rancher losing any of his herd will be compensated?
What is interviews a ranching couple who favor holistic management?
What are the views of detractors whose voices must be heard in an open-minded forum nowhere in?
What has compiled a list of the best outdoor businesses in ``Top Rated Rocky Mountain Adventures''?
What will be the main audience?
What has Bass sketched?
What did our rating: HH &ql; If ever there were a true recreational mecca, Colorado's Rocky Mountains fit?
What has the wild's rating: HH Maurizio Valerio compiled a list of?
What has sketched the basic details of the story?
What is failure?
What is he sympathetic to?
What does he fall into?
What are based on service?
What has our rating: HH Maurizio Valerio compiled?
What do they pose?
What _ Maybe it's just the ``w'' word _ wolves?
What would need more?
What introduces biologists and volunteers inspired by the idea of reintroduction?
What does the species have such a dark hold of?
What has the author made?
Who is the Boulder author?
What has the reintroduction of the nearly extinct Mexican wolf into the American Southwest initiated?
Who is sympathetic to the wolves ' plight?
What weaken the vivid picture the author has painted?
What is service?
What are nowhere in these pages?
What is every area unique in; if not, why travel so far to get there?
Who provides fine profiles of the beasts and their territories?
Who does Bass introduce?
What does the species have?
What is Rick Bass sympathetic to?
What does he provide fine profiles of?
What do Weekend warriors better stay at?
What can do it?
What do provincial governments insist that federal protection for wildlife represents?
What do logging and mining outfits insist they cannot afford to support unless they get compensation?
What was Canada's raw beauty a single successful litter of?
What do logging and mining outfits insist?
What do OTTAWA _ In the United States, the gray wolf is a protected species, guarded by?
What do provincial governments insist that land management falls under?
What is psychological?
What lists these animals and plants as endangered?
What do opponents of a federal species law argue in in cases like the gray wolf?
What is of the country's seriously endangered species?
What is also home to most of Canada's cities, factories, and farms?
What are there?
What is Canada so vast and so relatively unspoiled in?
When is it still on almost any creature in the provinces that have no endangered species laws?
Who did each find?
Who argue that the animal may be endangered in the United States in cases like the gray wolf?
Where do protections amount to no more than legal lip service?
Who joked darkly, ``Canadians love peregrine falcons''?
What cannot protect the spaces where endangered animals live and breed?
What is the grizzly bear now in?
What do Farmers also want?
Where do opponents of a federal species law argue that the animal may be endangered in cases like the gray wolf?
Who are down to a few hundred animals?
What are wolves having?
Who regularly intrude on the grassy knolls?
What do critics say?
Who did Elizabeth May refer to?
What is Canada notorious for more than a quarter-century ago among international wildlife groups?
What amount to no more than legal lip service in provinces with such laws?
What are mainstays of the economy?
Who referred to the former Canadian prime minister?
What can Mexico do?
When had all of the female wolves, their offspring, and their mates been killed by Canadian ranchers?
What do critics say are often toothless?
What do?
What is Canada so vast and so relatively unspoiled that environmental protection has never carried the sense of public urgency that it does in?
What has no broad laws to protect these animals and plants as endangered?
What does Mexico have?
What are the petroleum industry mainstays of?
What is the less obvious problem?
What did each give to cubs?
Who cannot protect the spaces where endangered animals live and breed?
What does Mexico leave as North America's wildlife renegade?
What has 339 species in serious danger of disappearing?
Who had all of the female wolves, their offspring, and their mates been killed by within 16 months?
What is habitat?
What do canadian environmentalists find themselves fighting battles that their American counterparts won a generation ago in?
What does that's been ever since?
What is still open season on almost any creature in the provinces that have no endangered species laws?
What does Canada have in serious danger of disappearing?
When did one of the most famous symbols of Canada's raw beauty survive in the Bow Valley of Banff National Park?
What do some of the creatures _ have not been seen in years?
Who said, ``The real issue is habitat''?
Who say such laws are often toothless?
Who was Lindsay Rodger?
What _ an Arctic bird _ have not been seen in years?
What's been the story ever since?
What are such contradictions commonplace along?
Where do opponents of a federal species law argue in cases like the gray wolf?
How many species does Canada have in serious danger of disappearing?
Where do canadian environmentalists find themselves fighting battles that their American counterparts won a generation ago?
What do not deserve rigorous protection?
What settled in?
What did one of the most famous symbols of Canada's raw beauty survive this year in?
What can do that?
What do opponents of a federal species law argue that the animal may be endangered in in cases like the gray wolf?
What are species laws as?
Who was a renowned wildlife biologist and profesor of ecology at the University of Alberta?
What were killed by cars or met other misfortune from humans?
When do some of the creatures _ an Arctic bird _ have not been seen?
What do provincial governments insist under?
What inhabit the 200-mile-wide band along the US border?
What comes from mining, forestry, and the petroleum industry especially in western Canada?
What has Canada been down before?
What do provincial governments insist?
What leaves Canada as North America's wildlife renegade?
What do bicyclists, hikers, and other beachgoers at spectacular Cavendish National Park regularly intrude on?
What do protections amount to no more than legal lip service in?
What are such as British Columbia, Alberta, Saskatchewan, and Newfoundland?
Who do logging and mining outfits insist cannot afford to support a federal endangered species act unless they get compensation?
What is Canada notorious for its failure to pass a federal endangered species law similar to one enacted in the United States more than a quarter-century ago among?
Who said, ``The grizzly is going down rapidly in Alberta''?
Where is the creature vermin?
What do logging and mining outfits insist cannot afford to support a federal endangered species act unless they get compensation?
Who was David Schindler?
Where is Canada so vast and so relatively unspoiled?
When is the animal still on almost any creature in the provinces that have no endangered species laws?
What do OTTAWA _ In, the gray wolf is a protected species, guarded by tough federal legislation?
What is Canada so vast and so relatively unspoiled that environmental protection has never carried the sense of that it does in the United States or Western Europe?
What is a demand that gets more sympathy from environmentalists than from politicians?
What is so vast and so relatively unspoiled that environmental protection has never carried the sense of public urgency that it does in the United States or Western Europe?
What was Canada's raw beauty?
Who were horrified when a trio of females loped across the line to establish dens in Alberta?
What does the federal government list?
What is the creature vermin in?
What do OTTAWA _ In the United States, the gray wolf is, guarded by tough federal legislation?
Who did each give birth to?
What is the animal still open season on?
What is frozen barrens or tundra?
Who are from the Vancouver Island marmot on Canada's far west coast to the American marten?
What do not all inhabit?
Where do healthy populations survive?
What is Canada so vast and so relatively unspoiled that environmental protection has never carried the sense of public urgency in?
What do healthy populations survive in?
What was the individual animal?
What are the creatures as?
What is Canada so vast and so relatively unspoiled that environmental protection has never carried that it does in the United States or Western Europe?
What is one cited repeatedly by wildlife experts?
What is that also to most of Canada's cities, factories, and farms?
What are others down to?
What do protections amount to in provinces with such laws?
Where is Canada so vast and so relatively unspoiled that environmental protection has never carried the sense of public urgency that it does?
What does a bigger threat come from mining, forestry, and the petroleum industry especially in?
Who do?
What can these animals and plants as endangered not protect?
Who does Mexico leave Canada as?
Who said, ``In a sense, Canadians are blinded by the country's amazing natural riches''?
What _ In the United States, the gray wolf is a protected species, guarded by tough federal legislation?
What are having problems?
What are such as the northern cricket frog or the Eskimo curlew?
What did the letter state ``are too imperiled, and too precious to be held hostage to lobbyists, political manipulation, or simple ignorance''?
What does Canada have 339 species in?
What is now in decline?
What have discovered a public relations problem related to habitat destruction _ something most American natural resources companies recognized decades ago?
Who said, ``Basically, the only authority we have is to put up signs saying it's bad to hurt the birds''?
What do opponents of a federal species law argue that the animal may be endangered in the United States in?
What has no broad laws to protect them?
What do OTTAWA _ In?
What insist they cannot afford to support a federal endangered species act unless they get compensation?
What was habitat?
What had been killed by Canadian ranchers within 16 months?
What was Elizabeth May executive director of?
Who are free to blast away at the beasts on whim?
Who was species recovery manager for World Wildlife Fund-Canada?
What have these industries discovered?
What do OTTAWA _ In the United States, is a protected species, guarded by tough federal legislation?
Who did the letter state ``to''?
What found a mate?
When do some of the creatures _?
Who was executive director of the Canadian branch of the Sierra Club?
Who are the petroleum industry?
What is it still open season on?
What does the federal government have?
What are commonplace along the border?
What does a bigger threat come from especially in western Canada?
What stated ``Canada's endangered species are too imperiled, and too precious to be held hostage to lobbyists, political manipulation, or simple ignorance''?
What insist that federal protection for wildlife represents a slap against Canadian-style home rule?
What is that also home to?
Who plow?
Who claim to be helpless?
What is vermin in Canada?
What did more than 600 scientists from Canadian universities, research centers, and even the government's own wildlife agencies sign?
What is not the of?
Who signed a strongly worded letter to Prime Minister Jean Chretien imploring federal Parliament to enact meaningful endangered species legislation?
What was a single successful litter of wolves?
What can we not protect?
What has broad federal protections for threatened species?
Where did one of the most famous symbols of Canada's raw beauty survive this year?
What survive in Canada?
When had all of the female wolves, 16 months's offspring, and their mates been killed by Canadian ranchers?
Who was Elizabeth May?
What survived this year in the Bow Valley of Banff National Park?
What has been down this road before?
Who had all of the female wolves, 16 months's offspring, and their mates been killed by within 16 months?
What do critics say that the real danger to most Canadian wildlife is?
What's hard to recognize the slippage?
What gave birth to cubs?
Where does a bigger threat come from mining, forestry, and the petroleum industry?
Where is Canada so vast and so relatively unspoiled that environmental protection has never carried the sense of public urgency?
What do healthy populations not deserve?
Who also want federal paybacks for not plowing under habitat?
What insist that land management falls under their jurisdiction?
Being the school is the home of the Wolves, what was perfect?
Who was Alisa Akilyan a memorable one for?
Who's not the devil?
What was Tatonka raised in?
What did Helen Champion say she hopes the students understand?
Who was a memorable one for student 17-year-old student?
Who saw the wolf?
Who said, ``We teach kids the wolf is not the evil animal in ` Little Red Riding Hood''?
What did Helen Champion say?
What did Smith say since then, wolves have been reintroduced in?
Who was Inc.?
What were placed on the endangered species list in 1971?
Who does it's not?
Who do I wish could have touched him?
When were wolves placed on the endangered species list?
What did Smith say since then, have been reintroduced in some western states and now number about 5,000?
What was Alisa Akilyan for student 17-year-old student?
Who does the mascot's not?
What's not the devil?
Who could I tell was kind so I did not get scared?
Who said since then, wolves have been reintroduced in some western states and now number about 5,000?
Who wishes I could have touched him?
Who is a wolf at Van Nuys High School?
What did I see?
What did Smith say, ``We teach kids''?
What were wolves placed on in 1971?
Who brought the 1-year-old wolf to school to show the students wolves are one of the world's most misunderstood animal?
What led the leashed gray wolf Tatonka toward 50 nervous students Thursday at Van Nuys High School?
Who was the experience with the wolf?
Who could tell he was kind so I did not get scared?
What was Alisa Akilyan?
What do I wish?
Who knew what to expect next?
Who do I wish I could have touched?
What did LOS ANGELES-- Robert Smith lead the leashed gray wolf Tatonka toward 50 nervous students Thursday at?
Who wanted to get closer?
Who said?
What did Smith bring the 1-year-old wolf to to show the students wolves are one of the world's most misunderstood animal?
What did Smith bring the 1-year-old wolf to school to show the students?
When I saw the wolf, who did I notice would not attack people?
What is the mascot a wolf at?
Who said, ``The eyes attracted me from far away''?
When sat silently?
When I saw the wolf, what did I notice?
What was Helen Champion?
What is the mascot at Van Nuys High School?
What is now interested in adopting this wolf as its mascot?
Who was a Thousand Oaks-based animal humane organization that sponsored the event?
When I saw the wolf, what did I notice he would not attack?
Who is used to being around humans?
Who did Smith bring the 1-year-old wolf to school to show wolves are one of the world's most misunderstood animal?
Who was executive director of Mercy Crusade?
What did the teen-agers know?
Who did Helen Champion say she hopes understand the importance of protecting endangered wildlife like wolves?
Where did Smith say since then, wolves have been reintroduced?
What did Smith bring the 1-year-old wolf to school to show the students are one of the world's most misunderstood animal?
Who was Smith?
What did Smith bring the 1-year-old wolf to school to show the students wolves are?
What did Smith bring to school to show the students wolves are one of the world's most misunderstood animal?
Who was ranch manager for Wolves?
When I saw the wolf, who noticed he would not attack people?
What did Smith bring the 1-year-old wolf to school to show the students wolves are one of?
Who was Helen Champion?
What did Helen Champion say she hopes?
Who was raised in captivity?
What could I tell so I did not get scared?
What could I tell he was so I did not get scared?
Who said she hopes the students understand the importance of protecting endangered wildlife like wolves?
Who did not get scared?
Who did Helen Champion say hopes the students understand the importance of protecting endangered wildlife like wolves?
What was Helen Champion executive director of?
What did the judge's decision order?
What set aside the wolf recovery plan?
What means Yellowstone and central Idaho lost much of the protection they would otherwise have under the Endangered Species Act?
What does it ensure that other wildlife recovery programs can go forward without jeopardy not only ensures that the wolf reintroduction program is safe?
What means they lost much of the protection they would otherwise have under the Endangered Species Act?
What does the area down found in?
What did. . . Congress leave such decisions to?
What do any stray wolves already in the regions or who migrate there also lose that the law provides?
Who does the ``experimental and nonessential'' wolf population mean lost much of the protection they would otherwise have under the Endangered Species Act?
What did it pounce on on a jugular vein?
What does the ``experimental and nonessential'' wolf population mean they lost much of the protection they would otherwise have under?
What does Downes equate with naturally occurring populations in the Interior Bruce Babbitt's ruling?
What does the ``experimental and nonessential'' wolf population mean Yellowstone and central Idaho lost much of the protection under?
What wasted little time on the issue of ``de facto ` delisting'' ' of wolves already in the area?
What had little patience with Downes ' legal reasoning?
What did Downes recognize?
What is a significant step toward saving the judge's endangered species?
Who define a wolf ``population'' as at least two wild breeding pairs that raise at least two young in an area for the previous two years?
Who had hoped that a 2-year-old federal district court's decision to dismantle the program would be upheld?
What did not violate the Endangered Species Act concluded the appellate court?
What did Downes impose on his judgment pending an appeal?
What has Congress clearly spoken to unless Congress has taken an unconstitutional position?
Whose decision ordered all the introduced wolves and the judge's offspring removed from Yellowstone and central Idaho?
What also lose the protective shield that the law provides?
What does it ensure without the 10th Circuit Court's ruling not only ensures that the wolf reintroduction program is safe?
What does he assert?
What ordered all the introduced wolves and their offspring removed from Yellowstone and central Idaho?
What does the ``experimental and nonessential'' wolf population mean they lost much of the protection under?
What does Downes equate individual wolves with naturally occurring populations in?
What does the ``experimental and nonessential'' wolf population mean they lost they would otherwise have under the Endangered Species Act?
What ensures that other wildlife recovery programs can go forward without jeopardy the 10th Circuit Court's ruling not only ensures that the wolf reintroduction program is safe?
What were relocated in Yellowstone and central Idaho under the program?
Who conclude the department reasonably exercised its management authority?
What is a significant step toward saving our endangered species?
What. . . left such decisions to the department?
What does the ``experimental and nonessential'' wolf population mean under?
What has clearly spoken to a national public policy issue, then unless Congress has taken an unconstitutional position?
What does the ``experimental and nonessential'' wolf population mean they lost much of the protection would otherwise have under the Endangered Species Act?
Who imposed a stay on his judgment pending an appeal?
What did it pounce on the soft spot in his analysis like Dracula on?
What were canadian gray wolves considered an ``experimental and nonessential'' wolf population under?
What Downes found in violation of the Endangered Species Act?
What does Babbitt regard?''
What does Downes conclude to?''
What was on that question?
What did the Department of the Interior not violate the Endangered Species Act?
What had many farmers and ranchers in the affected regions hoped?
What does Downes assert that Congress has stated the ` experimental population ' cannot include naturally occurring?
What did the Department of the Interior not violate Act concluded the appellate court?
What does the ``experimental and nonessential'' wolf population mean Yellowstone and central Idaho lost they would otherwise have under the Endangered Species Act?
What pivoted on the term ``population?''
Where did the appellate court waste little time on the issue of ``de facto ` delisting'' ' of wolves?
Who issued its Final Environmental Impact Statement on the wolf reintroduction plan in 1994?
Who equates individual wolves with naturally occurring populations in the Interior Bruce Babbitt's ruling?
What did. . . Congress leave to the department?
What did the judge's decision set aside?
What do wolves wander through?
What did Congress pass in 1973 to ``provide for the conservation restoration, and propagation of species of fish, wildlife, and plants facing extinction?''
What did Downes impose a stay on?
Whose ruling does Downes equate individual wolves with naturally occurring populations in?
What does he assert that Congress has stated?
Whose legal reasoning did the 10th Circuit Court of Appeals have little patience with?
What does the ``experimental and nonessential'' wolf population mean lost much of the protection they would otherwise have under the Endangered Species Act?
What does the ``experimental and nonessential'' wolf population mean Yellowstone and central Idaho lost much of the protection would otherwise have under the Endangered Species Act?
What does the ``experimental and nonessential'' wolf population mean Yellowstone and central Idaho lost much of they would otherwise have under the Endangered Species Act?
What did the appellate court waste little time on already in the area?
What were canadian gray wolves relocated in under the program?
What does he assert that Congress has stated the ` experimental population ' cannot include naturally occurring?
Who asserts that Congress has stated the ` experimental population ' cannot include naturally occurring wolves?
Who recognized the importance and the ramifications of his ruling?
What do any stray wolves already in the regions or who migrate there also lose the protective shield?
What ordered all the introduced wolves and the judge's offspring removed from Yellowstone and central Idaho?
What did the 10th Circuit Court of Appeals have little patience with?
What did not define the term ``population'' in the Endangered Species Act?
What was the appellate court on?
What does Downes assert that Congress has stated cannot include naturally occurring wolves?
What is this decision?
What were canadian gray wolves relocated in Yellowstone and central Idaho under?
What does he assert that Congress has stated cannot include naturally occurring wolves?
What does the ``experimental and nonessential'' wolf population mean Yellowstone and central Idaho lost much of the protection they would otherwise have under?
What did the Fish & Wildlife Service issue in 1994?
What did Congress not define the term ``population'' in?
Who does the ``experimental and nonessential'' wolf population mean Yellowstone and central Idaho lost much of the protection would otherwise have under the Endangered Species Act?
What does it ensure that other wildlife recovery programs can go forward without the 10th Circuit Court's ruling not only ensures that the wolf reintroduction program is safe?
Whose decision set aside the wolf recovery plan?
Who equates individual wolves with naturally occurring populations in his ruling?
What does Downes equate with naturally occurring populations in his ruling?
What do we conclude the department reasonably exercised?
What were canadian gray wolves considered under the program?
When did the appellate court waste on the issue of ``de facto ` delisting'' ' of wolves already in the area?
What pounced on the soft spot in his analysis like Dracula on a jugular vein?
What does the ``experimental and nonessential'' wolf population mean they lost much of they would otherwise have under the Endangered Species Act?
What does Downes assert?
When did Congress pass the Endangered Species Act in 1973 to ``provide?''
Whose decision ordered all the introduced wolves and their offspring removed from Yellowstone and central Idaho?
When did the Fish & Wildlife Service issue its Final Environmental Impact Statement on the wolf reintroduction plan?
What were considered an ``experimental and nonessential'' wolf population under the program?
What do federal wildlife biologists define a wolf ``population'' as?
What is a significant step toward maintaining the diversity of the judge's wildlife?
What did the 10th Circuit Court of Appeals have with Downes ' legal reasoning?
What did the appellate court waste little time on the issue of ``de facto ` delisting'' ' of wolves already in?
Who does the ``experimental and nonessential'' wolf population mean they lost much of the protection would otherwise have under the Endangered Species Act?
What regards the Jan. 13 appeals court decision overruling the lower federal court as ``a welcome vindication of our efforts to preserve this magnificent species?''
What reasoned, ``Congress deliberately left the resolution of this type of management\/conservation issue to the Department''?
What do the judge conclude the department reasonably exercised?
What is a significant step toward maintaining the diversity of our wildlife?
What did Secretary of the Interior Bruce Babbitt call a decision last week by in Yellowstone National Park and central Idaho?''
What do wander through Yellowstone and central Idaho?
What did part of the lower federal court's decision pivot on?''
What does it ensure that other wildlife recovery programs can go forward without jeopardy the 10th Circuit Court's ruling not only ensures?
What does Downes assert that Congress has stated?
If Congress is silent on the issue and has delegated authority over the matter to a lawful federal agency who _ unless that is unconstitutional?
What did he show at the Duluth conference?
Despite heavy hunting and killing of wolves _ some 15,000 in 1998 alone including poison _ what still has a population of 45,000?
What did he see hope for wolves in?
What do Professor Luigi Boitani tell if farmers want the wolf to come back, one day we 'll have to kill them?
When was a no-less-bold wolf killed within the city limits of Rochester?
What was tracked to within 19 miles of St. Paul?
Who is Mech widely regarded as?
What do I find?
What do people believe there is?
What did Wolf lovers manifest at the conference with wolf pins, T-shirts, posters, books, coffee mugs and fairly frequent?
Who was of the King Khalid Wildlife Research Center in Riyadh?
What have wolves denned?
What did he show a film of the wolf at?
Who do I tell people if we want the wolf to come back, one day we 'll have to kill?
Who does Dr. Djuro Huber of the University of Zagreb, wish had Italy's problems in Croatia?
How many wildlife biologists were managers, educators and wolf fans?
Who finds I confront a very strong wall of emotion?
What has no one paid?
What has Spain fostered?
Who estimated a total of 600 to 700 wolves in three protected areas of Saudi Arabia?
What did Juan Carlos Blanco of Madrid's wolf project say there are?
Who was a wolf biologist at the University of Rome?
Who was even threatened when he was in the field doing research on wolves?
How many miles from Rome where his twin, Remus have wolves denned?
What did other speakers tell of?
What judge from the conference presentations?
What were extreme emotions: what Blanco of Madrid called ``pathological hatred,'' and opposed to that?
What was a no-less-bold wolf killed last year within?
What do I tell people if we want the wolf to come back, one day we 'll have to kill?
What do Croatia inaugurate after many years of unlimited killing of wolves?
Who pierced wolf howls?
Who wolf often string up the carcass on a pole to show off?
What prey largely on chamois, roe deer and red deer?
What do Professor Luigi Boitani tell people?
Who were more than 600 wildlife biologists?
What was from the zoology laboratory of the Plague Control Research Institute in Almaty?
Who said the pre-Christian Dacian people even had a flag with a wolf's head?
What do Nn Countries with large wolf populations generally have?
What do most of Romania's 2,500 wolves live in?
What weigh as much as 150 pounds each?
When did he speak at the end of a symposium here that drew more than 600 wildlife biologists from 44 states and 28 countries?
What is least?
What him to convince?
What is the only country with lots of wolves and no outstanding problems?
Who are not protected?
Who said, ``The wolf is considered the ancient enemy of man in the Middle East'' on the negative side?
How many wolves does the country now have?
How many wolves in the northwest of the country did Juan Carlos Blanco of Madrid's wolf project say there are?
What did Ovsianikov say he was pleasantly surprised?
Who trailed a wolf through the city to garbage cans, the dump and a shopping mall?
Who told of similar problems?
What are the sheep protected by?
Who do Professor Luigi Boitani tell people if farmers want the wolf to come back, one day we 'll have to kill?
What show skepticism toward reintroduction because people believe there is ``no space'' for them?
What increased after protection?
Who find I confront a very strong wall of emotion?
What is with tolerance of increased numbers aided by subsidies for owners of lifestock lost as prey to wolves and the skilled deployment of guard dogs by shepherds?
What were an almost irrational devotion?
Who said there are more than 2,000 wolves in the northwest of the country?
What has an ancient tradition of honoring wolves?
What did Wolf lovers pierce?
What stroll the town of Ely?
Who have a social war in the name of the wolf?
What has paid the fine?
What believe there is ``no space'' for them?
What do I tell if we want the wolf to come back, one day we 'll have to kill them?
Where did St. Paul speak late last month?
What are protected by shepherds ' guard dogs?
Whose guard dogs are the sheep protected by?
What do Opinion polls show because people believe there is ``no space'' for them?
Where did Nader estimate a total of 600 to 700 wolves?
What do large problems judge from?
What do Professor Luigi Boitani find I confront?
What did Nader estimate a total of 600 to 700 wolves in?
What does the country now have?
When did Promberger follow this lead tracking equipment?
What do we have?
What him to convince people of?
What is reintroduction?
What do wolves stroll?
What did Promberger follow this lead with night tracking?
What have denned 25 miles from Rome where 2,800 years ago a she-wolf suckled the abandoned Romulus?
What did he speak at late last month?
What was Pole from?
What was Nader of?
What live in the heavily forested Carpathian Mountains, where there are about 5 million people and millions of sheep?
What are Japan's proliferating Sika deer damaging?
What Professor Luigi Boitani to convince?
Who pointed below to Brasov?
How many Romania's wolves weigh as much as 150 pounds each?
What was a three-fold increase in a decade?
What did Ovidiu Ionescu of the Ministry of Environment say even had a flag with a wolf's head?
What did Wolf lovers manifest the latter at?
Who said, ``We have altered the concept of wolf habitat''?
Despite heavy hunting and killing of wolves _ some 15,000 in 1998 alone including poison _ what does Russia still have a population of?
Who are biologists ``very conservative'' on?
What did Promberger follow with night tracking equipment?
Who are a she-wolf's founder?
What had Promberger failed to track on mountain slopes?
What does Dr. Djuro Huber of the University of Zagreb, wish he had Italy's problems in?
What does Romania have an ancient tradition of?
Who was the former capital of Kazakhstan?
Who had failed to track wolves on mountain slopes?
Who saw hope for wolves in the need to control Japan's proliferating Sika deer?
What did Nikita G. Ovsianikov see in the need to control Japan's proliferating Sika deer?
Who has begun to ask himself?
What did Christoph Promberger of the Munich Wildlife Society show a film of the wolf at?
Who has Professor Luigi Boitani begun to ask?
Who were managers, educators and wolf fans?
Who was Professor Luigi Boitani?
What are the abandoned Romulus?
What is Romania?
What did Ovidiu Ionescu of the Ministry of Environment say the pre-Christian Dacian people even had with a wolf's head?
What did other speakers suggest?
What did Ovidiu Ionescu of the Ministry of Environment say the pre-Christian Dacian people even had a flag with?
What is surging to such levels that Mech say that prudent wolf managers must consider controlled killing in places like Minnesota?
What is with 500 wolves?
What did he show a film of at the Duluth conference?
Who do wolves stroll the town of?
What had killed?
What are not protected?
What has made it impossible for him to convince people of the need for control of the wolf population?
How many pounds each do Romania's 2,500 wolves weigh?
What do I find I confront?
What inaugurated protections in 1995 that include fines of $6,000 for the willful killing of wolves after many years of unlimited killing of wolves?
What did Christoph Promberger of the Munich Wildlife Society show at the Duluth conference?
What does Romania have?
Where does Dr. Djuro Huber of the University of Zagreb, wish he had Italy's problems?
What is another restoration success?
What is wolf recovery surging to such levels that Mech say in places like Minnesota?
What are no longer paid on killed wolves?
What was one tracked to within?
What do people believe?
What did he see in the need to control Japan's proliferating Sika deer?
What is wolf recovery surging to that Mech say that prudent wolf managers must consider controlled killing in places like Minnesota?
What did killing of wolves increase after?
What did Dr. Iyad A. Nader of Saudi Arabia, say, ``The wolf is considered the ancient enemy of man in the Middle East'' on?
What is Italy?
What was Rochester?
Who do I find confront a very strong wall of emotion?
What did Christoph Promberger of the Munich Wildlife Society show a film of at the Duluth conference?
How many attacks by rabid wolves did Pole say in addition, there were on humans?
Who said, ``It went the opposite of expectations''?
What was killed last year within the city limits of Rochester?
Who was Nikita G. Ovsianikov?
What does Kazakhstan, have probably?
What did Pole say in, there were 50 attacks by rabid wolves on humans?
Who tell people if farmers want the wolf to come back, one day we 'll have to kill them?
What have denned 25 miles from Rome where his twin, Remus?
Who wishes he had Italy's problems in Croatia?
Who did the shepherd point below to?
What did Promberger trail a wolf through to garbage cans, the dump and a shopping mall?
Who manifested the latter at the conference with wolf pins, T-shirts, posters, books, coffee mugs and fairly frequent?
How many miles from Rome where St. Paul's twin, Remus have wolves denned?
What do Professor Luigi Boitani find?
What has fostered a recolonization of vast areas of Galicia and Asturias?
What did Nader estimate a total of in three protected areas of Saudi Arabia?
What did other speakers suggest that wolves still evoke?
What did St. Paul speak at late last month?
Who said in addition, there were 50 attacks by rabid wolves on humans?
When do Croatia inaugurate protections in 1995 that include fines of $6,000 for the willful killing of wolves?
What do Opinion polls show skepticism toward reintroduction because people believe?
What was Minn.?
What are Federal bounties no longer paid on?
What is wolf recovery surging to such levels in places like Minnesota?
Where did Dr. Iyad A. Nader of Saudi Arabia, say, ``The wolf is considered the ancient enemy of man in the Middle East''?
What did Promberger ask a Romanian shepherd for?
What was the country?
Who asked a Romanian shepherd for guidance?
What did he list?
What is Italy with?
Where did he speak late last month?
What now has about 100 wolves?
What does Dr. Djuro Huber of the University of Zagreb, wish he had in Croatia?
What spoke at the end of a symposium here that drew more than 600 wildlife biologists from 44 states and 28 countries late last month?
What Professor Luigi Boitani to convince people of?
What do farmers have?
Who spoke at the end of a symposium here that drew more than 600 wildlife biologists from 44 states and 28 countries late last month?
What is wolf recovery surging to such levels that Mech say that prudent wolf managers must consider controlled killing in?
Who said?
What did Nikita G. Ovsianikov see hope for wolves in?
What did Promberger trail through the city to garbage cans, the dump and a shopping mall?
Who said, ``Croatia went the opposite of expectations''?
What was Pole the former capital of?
What do Professor Luigi Boitani tell people if farmers want the wolf to come back, one day we 'll have to kill?
What do I tell people?
How many miles from Rome where 2,800 years ago a she-wolf suckled the abandoned Romulus have wolves denned?
Who did Promberger ask for guidance?
Where is wolf recovery surging to such levels that Mech say that prudent wolf managers must consider controlled killing?
Who suggested that wolves still evoke extreme emotions: what Blanco of Madrid called ``pathological hatred,'' and opposed to that?
What are damaging forests?
What did Ovsianikov say he was pleasantly surprised there was?
Who did Pole say in addition, there were 50 attacks by rabid wolves on?
What do wolves prey largely on?
Who showed a film of the wolf at the Duluth conference?
What have denned 25 miles from Rome where St. Paul's twin, Remus?
What has Spain fostered a recolonization of?
What is the state capital?
What does the central government no longer encourage?
Who listed statistics from the Tver region that showed hunters killed far more dogs than wolves had killed?
Despite heavy hunting and killing of wolves _ some 15,000 in 1998 alone including poison _ what does Russia still have?
Who are ``very conservative'' on the predators?
What did Promberger trail a wolf through the city to?
What did Ovsianikov say?
What do some state governments pay?
What do I find I confront a very strong wall of?
What did Pole say in addition, there were on humans?
What do some state governments pay the equivalent of?
Who generally have large problems with them?
What did Nader estimate in three protected areas of Saudi Arabia?
What do saudi hunters who succeed in killing a wolf often string up on a pole to show off?
Who followed this lead with night tracking equipment?
What do Romania's 2,500 wolves weigh?
What had Promberger failed to track wolves on?
What no longer encourages poisoning wolves?
What does Dr. Djuro Huber of the University of Zagreb, wish in Croatia?
Who to convince people of the need for control of the wolf population?
Who are its founder?
What do saudi hunters who succeed in killing a wolf often string up the carcass on?
What has made it impossible for Professor Luigi Boitani to convince people of the need for control of the wolf population?
What did Nikita G. Ovsianikov list?
What pay the equivalent of $25 for a killed female?
What is the restoration success with?
Who tells people if we want the wolf to come back, one day we 'll have to kill them?
Who was a wolf specialist from Moscow?
What has probably largest: 90,000 to 100,000 wolves?
Who is widely regarded as the doyen of wolf specialists around the world, and others?
What was Pole?
When did St. Paul speak at the end of a symposium here that drew more than 600 wildlife biologists from 44 states and 28 countries?
What is St. Paul?
Who do Professor Luigi Boitani find confront a very strong wall of emotion?
What do Professor Luigi Boitani find I confront a very strong wall of?
What was shot?
Who are standing by their conclusions?
Who said there was still plenty of work to do to nurture the wolves living in the northern Rockies and especially in the Southwest?
What do federal wildlife officials say for?
What do Wildlife officials acknowledge that the proposed change _ by allowing shooting of livestock raiders is intended to assuage opponents of wolf restoration?
What would any significant new federal programs to expand the range of wolves come at that do not have the mystique and high profile of a legendary predator?
Who was Ted Turner?
What did federal wildlife officials say were not even sure what kind of wolves inhabited the Northeast?
What did Ron Refsnider say there was still?
Who said they were not even sure what kind of wolves inhabited the Northeast?
What did officials at the agency say in?
What do many ranchers and conservative private groups say?
Where have efforts to bolster a particularly rare subspecies faltered?
What did Refsnider refer to?
What has been both reviled and revered through much of human history?
What is formally released?
Who said, ``the state have excessive numbers of cougars that take a heavy toll on the other wildlife and livestock''?
What live in Alaska, Canada and parts of Europe?
Who did Tina Arapkiles add have offered expansive tracts of land?
What would the southwestern region include?
What is considered the likeliest spot for any future reintroduction effort?
What have private wildlife groups banded together into a coalition aimed at trying to replicate in the southern Rockies the successes with at Colorado?
What hailed the dispersing wolves as pioneers returning the call of the wild to the state after a 50-year absence?
What say the forthcoming plan would relax protections too soon and would declare victory before wolves have recolonized broad parts of their old range?
When does the Fish and Wildlife Service plan to propose dropping the wolf a significant notch under the Endangered Species Act?
Where does the only impediment lie?
What could serve as wolf habitat?
When is declared saved?
When did two wolves wander into Oregon from experimental packs transplanted into central Idaho?
What did New Hampshire's Legislature approve?
What did ranching groups say?
What did Tom Ruffatto instal on Sharon Beck's 4,000-acre ranch in Montana's Bitterroot Valley?
What have banded together into a coalition aimed at trying to replicate in the southern Rockies the successes with wolf introduction in Yellowstone National Park and Idaho at Colorado?
What do many ranchers and conservative private groups say the laws shielding wolves wrongly limit?
What would come at the expense of other species that do not have the mystique and high profile of a legendary predator?
Who was Tina Arapkiles?
Who was a regional representative for the Sierra Club in Boulder?
What will the proposed classification change be before the only place wolves would remain endangered becomes a rule?
Who are ranchers and others with an interest in the animal?
What was killed by a car?
Who are private conservation groups?
What would any significant new federal programs to expand the range of wolves come at the expense of other species?
What's what we 're proposing?
What do more than 3,500 animals roam?
What did federal wildlife officials say?
What were cougars?
What did Arapkiles say, ``the Fish and Wildlife Service's own studies said in''?
What would wolf habitat in the lower 48 states be divided into four regions under?
Where are wolves so abundant _ some have dens just 50 miles from Minneapolis _ that they could theoretically be removed entirely from the endangered list?
When will the proposed classification change be the subject before it becomes a rule?
What say that the lower 48 states had only about 400 wolves in 1973?
What approved a bill banning the reintroduction of wolves?
What was sent home by federal officials?
What did officials at the agency say that almost all of the draft's major points would be reflected in?
What does the only impediment lie in?
What did Refsnider say ``At best, those wolves have''?
What are Canis lupus?
What wandered into Oregon in the last year from experimental packs transplanted into central Idaho?
What has yet to create the only impediment's own wolf management program _ a prerequisite if federal protection is to be ended?
Where is criticism of the impending plan particularly acute?
What do thousands more live in?
What roam parts of eight states?
What has Oregon's congressional delegation repeatedly introduced from adjacent states?
What have private conservation groups begun girding for?
What are wolves so abundant _ some have dens just 50 miles from Minneapolis _ that they could theoretically be removed entirely from the endangered list in?
What would any significant new federal programs to expand the range of wolves come at the expense of other species that do not have?
How many possible sightings have been made in Maine?
What are wolves so abundant _ some have dens just 50 miles from Minneapolis _ from in Minnesota and parts of Wisconsin and Michigan?
What have been made in Maine?
What do federal wildlife officials say that the federal list of endangered species is?
What contains no clear guidance on how much of a species ' original range needs to be restored before it is declared saved?
What was captured?
What do they argue to?
What has yet to create its own wolf management program _ a prerequisite if federal protection is to be ended?
What would wolf habitat in the lower 48 states be divided into under the plan?
What has Oregon's congressional delegation repeatedly introduced language that would limit wolf protections or bar even the natural migration of wolves from?
What was done?
What do some conservation groups say?
What generates fierce debate?
What do Wildlife officials acknowledge _ is intended to assuage opponents of wolf restoration?
What becomes a rule?
What have begun lobbying for changes?
What was Colo.?
What would come at the expense of other species that might be just as important ecologically?
What do Wildlife officials acknowledge that the proposed change _ by allowing shooting of livestock raiders?
What have private conservation groups begun lobbying for?
Who was a recent draft of the proposal provided to by someone outside the Fish and Wildlife Service?
What does much flexibility contain on how much of a species ' original range needs to be restored before it is declared saved?
What did two wolves wander into Oregon in the last year from?
Who said, ``the Fish and Wildlife Service's own studies said that over 1,000 wolves could exist in 11 of the national forests in Colorado alone''?
What would the southwestern region include some parts of?
What would be Washington?
What is shoot?
What does the change also represent?
What also represents the first step toward eventually turning over management of the species in many places to state wildlife agencies?
When will the proposed classification change be the subject before the only place wolves would remain endangered becomes a rule?
What do Wildlife officials argue that the relaxation of rules would be by diminishing the tendency of frustrated property owners to resort to illegal, uncontrolled killing of wolves?
What does just about anything having to do with the wolf generate?
Who did she add have offered expansive tracts of land?
What have circulated?
What are shifting from whether they should be there to how they should be dealt with?
What lies in Minnesota?
What have efforts to bolster a particularly rare subspecies faltered at?
Where did officials say in part because of those questions, no recovery effort is likely for many years?
What are wolves so abundant _ some have dens from in Minnesota and parts of Wisconsin and Michigan?
What does that's?
Who said, ``There was no intention that the act should be providing long-term care for these species''?
What have recolonized broad parts of their old range?
What is southern Arizona?
What did Ron Refsnider say?
What have wolves recolonized broad parts of?
Where did Refsnider refer?
What's what there 're proposing?
Who was a wolf biologist for the wildlife agency based in Minnesota and the main author of the classification proposal?
How many animals roam parts of eight states?
What was partly paid for by Defenders of Wildlife?
Who say that the lower 48 states had only about 400 wolves in 1973?
What did Tina Arapkiles add private land owners have offered expansive tracts of?
What has yet to follow the other two states?
What would be New York, New Hampshire, Vermont and Maine?
Who was a recent draft of the proposal provided to a reporter by?
What has the wolf been both reviled and revered through?
What was provided to a reporter by someone outside the Fish and Wildlife Service?
What has repeatedly introduced language that would limit wolf protections or bar even the natural migration of wolves from adjacent states?
What would the northeastern region be?
What were red wolves?
What would the western region be?
What did Tina Arapkiles say?
What does it become?
What would anything endanger?
What did Ron Refsnider say there was still plenty of to do to nurture the wolves living in the northern Rockies and especially in the Southwest?
Who was Ron Refsnider?
What did ranching groups say was well rid of them and did not need them back?
What was one sent by federal officials?
What have private wildlife groups banded together into the successes with wolf introduction in Yellowstone National Park and Idaho at Colorado?
What would any significant new federal programs to expand the range of wolves come at that might be just as important ecologically?
Who said in part because of those questions, no recovery effort is likely in the Northeast for many years?
Who was land?
What now is between those who want wolves restored to broader parts of some conservation groups's range?
Who added private land owners have offered expansive tracts of land?
What is New Mexico and Texas?
What have some Montana ranchers figured out?''
Whose rights do many ranchers and conservative private groups say?
What is declared saved?
What do many ranchers and conservative private groups say limit property owners ' rights?
Who was a past president of the Oregon Cattlemen's Association?
When have wolves not been seen in the Adirondacks?
What did officials say in part because of those questions, is likely in the Northeast for many years?
Who was the media tycoon?
What do federal wildlife officials say that wolves are clearly ready for?
Who say the laws shielding wolves wrongly limit property owners ' rights?
Who say that wolves are clearly ready for the recovery room?
What is particularly acute in Colorado?
Who said ``At best, those wolves have a tiny toehold on the landscape''?
Who was Ruffatto's project partly paid for by?
Who said, ``We have excessive numbers of cougars that take a heavy toll on the other wildlife and livestock''?
What do some conservation groups say would relax protections too soon and would declare victory before wolves have recolonized broad parts of their old range?
Where do thousands more live?
What did Arapkiles say, ``Their own studies said in''?
When did officials say in part because of those questions, no recovery effort is likely in the Northeast?
What said the state was well rid of them and did not need them back?
What would include some parts of New Mexico, Arizona and Texas?
What did Refsnider say ``At best, have a tiny toehold on the landscape''?
How many wolves wandered into Oregon in the last year from experimental packs transplanted into central Idaho?
What did she add private land owners have offered expansive tracts of?
What are scientists?
What was Boulder?
Whose project was partly paid for by Defenders of Wildlife?
How many other states does Minnesota have yet to follow?
Who would the change mean by?
What have wolves not been seen in in 100 years?
What is no different?
What did Tom Ruffatto instal on his 4,000-acre ranch in Montana's Bitterroot Valley?
What did Refsnider say ?
What would mean that wolves that kill livestock or otherwise pose a threat to human affairs could be chased away or shot by government agents?
What are the species?
What was Sharon Beck a past president of?
What have faltered at New Mexico and Texas?
Who did environmental groups hail the dispersing wolves as after a 50-year absence?
What is shovel?
Who said, ``Their own studies said that over 1,000 wolves could exist in 11 of the national forests in Colorado alone''?
What have wolves recolonized?
What did Tom Ruffatto instal loud alarms that are triggered by the radio tracking collars used to monitor most of the area's wolf packs on?
How many wolves roam there?
What have not been seen in the Adirondacks in 100 years?
What do they argue that the relaxation of rules would be by diminishing the tendency of frustrated property owners to resort to illegal, uncontrolled killing of wolves?
What did officials say in part because of those questions, no recovery effort is likely in for many years?
Who acknowledge that the proposed change _ by allowing shooting of livestock raiders _ is intended to assuage opponents of wolf restoration?
What did she add private land owners have offered?
What do more than 3,500 animals roam parts of?
What were a different species?
What would encompass Minnesota, Wisconsin North Dakota and South Dakota?
What were coyotes and bears?
Who plans this month to propose dropping the wolf a significant notch under the Endangered Species Act?
What do federal wildlife officials say?
Who said wolves that kill livestock or otherwise pose a threat to human affairs were not even sure what kind of wolves inhabited the Northeast?
What now is between those who want wolves restored to broader parts of their range?
What would the western Great Lakes region encompass?
Who said that almost all of the draft's major points would be reflected in the final version?
What roam there?
What was Wildlife?
What was a private group that also writes checks to cover livestock losses from wolf attacks?
Who did Tina Arapkiles say was trying to wrap things up before the job was done?
Who said the Fish and Wildlife Service was trying to wrap things up before the job was done?
Whose rights do many ranchers and conservative private groups say the laws shielding wolves wrongly limit?
Who referred to areas along the Mexican border that could support the Mexican subspecies?
What would endanger this population?
Who was one sent home by?
What would be divided into four regions under the plan?
When is no different?
Who say that the federal list of endangered species is the ecological equivalent of a hospital's intensive care unit?
What did environmental groups hail as pioneers returning the call of the wild to the state after a 50-year absence?
Who have figured out high-tech ways of driving them away instead of resorting to high-powered rifles and a strategy popularly known as ``shoot?''
What did two wolves wander into in the last year from experimental packs transplanted into central Idaho?
What was rich in elk and other prey?
What does Minnesota have yet to create if federal protection is to be ended?
What could land serve as?
What is Maine considered?
What did Tina Arapkiles add private land owners have offered?
Who was Sharon Beck?
What did officials say in, no recovery effort is likely in the Northeast for many years?
What do federal wildlife officials say that the federal list of endangered species is the ecological equivalent of?
Who did federal wildlife officials say were not even sure what kind of wolves inhabited the Northeast?
What does Minnesota have yet to follow?
Who say?
What does the Fish and Wildlife Service plan this month to propose dropping the wolf a significant notch under?
What are federal wildlife officials standing by?
What is criticism of the impending plan particularly acute in?
What will the proposed classification change be before it becomes a rule?
What did environmental groups hail the dispersing wolves as pioneers returning the call of the wild to the state after?
What do Wildlife officials argue to?
Who are scientists?
What have begun girding for hearings and _ inevitably _ lawsuits?
What does it also represent?
Where have only two possible sightings been made?
What does the only place wolves would remain endangered become?
What have only two possible sightings been made in?
What was the other killed by?
What are wolves so abundant _ from in Minnesota and parts of Wisconsin and Michigan?
When have the wolves been stalked?
What would they remain so in the Southwest under?
Who was chief of the Fish and Wildlife Service's Northeast regional endangered species office?
What did the wolves roam from to Mexico?
When do centuries start?
What would be final a year from now after public hearings?
What does such overtures trigger?
What are considered endangered in all of the lower 48 states except Minnesota?
Who were sheep farmers and land owners?
Who are such concessions intended to appease?
What would Babbitt's proposal be final a year from now after?
Who called Babbitt's plan to ``downlist'' protections for wolves a concession to the ranchers to Babbitt's businesses?
Whose proposal would they remain so in the Southwest under?
Who do here?
Who was Michael Kellett?
Who are nervous that wolves may wander into Maine from Canada?
What could be shot or relocated under a special rule included in the proposal for the Northeast?
What does they trigger?
Who was a spokesman for the Maine Forest Products Council?
What would they remain so in under Babbitt's proposal?
What have animals believed to be wolves been shot in in 1993 and 1996?
What have critics included where the legislature approved a bill last year banning wolf reintroduction there?
If the proposal survives the public debate ahead, what would it signify an extraordinary compromise between critics and supporters of?
What may Babbitt's optimism seem odd in that a single sighting is big news?
Who would remain so in the Southwest under Babbitt's proposal?
What have environmental groups played on the wolf's charisma to build support for reintroducing the animal on?
What are nervous that wolves may wander into Maine from Canada?
What may landowners and legislators alike fear even more than the wolves?
Who may fear the federal government even more than the wolves?
When did US Fish and Wildlife Service officials say it is with more than 3,500 wolves living in eight states?
What have been shot in Maine in 1993 and 1996?
What is the document that will guide efforts to build up wolf populations?
What triggers all sorts of efforts to protect the animals at their expense?
Where did the wolves roam from Canada?
What does Michael Kellett support?
Who particularly praised the idea of helping to write a recovery plan which spelled out what logging and other activities can take place in potential wolf habitat?
What do some federal officials believe reduced protections for wolves may actually improve?
Who triggers all sorts of efforts to protect the animals at their expense?
What get more legal protection than threatened species?
What have environmental groups played on on the other side?
What has been uneasy about wolf recovery?
Even if wolves are downlisted to threatened, what would still be illegal to shoot them?
What are wolves considered endangered in?
Who are pushing a controversial plan to import wolves to replenish the stock in Maine or New Hampshire?
What does such overtures trigger all sorts of?
What did they call Babbitt's plan to ``downlist'' protections for wolves a concession to the ranchers to?
What called Babbitt's plan to ``downlist'' protections for wolves a concession to the ranchers to their businesses?
What does they trigger all sorts of?
Whose plan to ``downlist'' protections for wolves a concession to the ranchers did they call to their businesses?
What are such overtures welcome to?
What have played on the wolf's charisma to build support for reintroducing the animal on the other side?
When have animals believed to be wolves been shot in Maine?
Who was Paul Nickerson?
Who supports reintroduction of wolves in the Northeast?
What is the compromise evident in?
Who rejected that logic?
If the proposal survives the public debate ahead, what would it signify?
What have been stalked for centuries like no other animal?
What has the timber industry been uneasy about?
What did activists who have been pushing to bring the wolf back to the Northeast call to Babbitt's businesses?
What are environmentalists pushing?
Who was executive director of Restore the North Woods?
What said it is time to ease the tough nationwide protections they have enjoyed under the federal Endangered Species Act with more than 3,500 wolves living in eight states?
If the proposal survives the public debate ahead, what would signify an extraordinary compromise between critics and supporters of wolf recovery?
What did the wolves roam from Canada to?
What are welcome to the timber industry?
What may landowners and legislators alike fear the federal government even more than?
Even if wolves are downlisted to threatened, whose proposal would still be illegal to shoot them?
What roamed from Canada to Mexico?
What does Michael Kellett support reintroduction of?
What are intended to appease landowners and legislators alike?
What would remain so in the Southwest under Babbitt's proposal?
What did US Fish and Wildlife Service officials say it is time to ease the tough nationwide protections they have enjoyed under the federal Endangered Species Act with?
Who was Andrew Kekacs?
What do some federal officials believe?
What did US Fish and Wildlife Service officials say with more than 3,500 wolves living in eight states?
What did they call to their businesses?
Whose proposal would be final a year from now after public hearings?
What may seem odd in New England that a single sighting is big news?
What is the recovery plan?
Where may Babbitt's optimism seem odd that a single sighting is big news?
What did activists who have been pushing to bring the wolf back to the Northeast reject?
Whose optimism may seem odd in New England that a single sighting is big news?
What was Paul Nickerson chief of?
Who called Babbitt's plan to ``downlist'' protections for wolves a concession to the ranchers to their businesses?
When did US Fish and Wildlife Service officials say there is with more than 3,500 wolves living in eight states?
When would Babbitt's proposal be final from now after public hearings?
What does the timber industry own millions of?
When start in 1630?
Who were the ranchers?
What may Babbitt's optimism seem odd in New England that a single sighting is?
Where have environmental groups played on the wolf's charisma to build support for reintroducing the animal?
What may Babbitt's optimism seem odd in New England?
What did timber industry officials particularly praise?
What is evident in the Service's plan to involve critics and supporters in writing the recovery plan?
What do Endangered species get?
What could wolves that kill livestock or otherwise threaten people and property be shot or relocated under?
What owns millions of acres in the four states?
What said there is time to ease the tough nationwide protections they have enjoyed under the federal Endangered Species Act with more than 3,500 wolves living in eight states?
What does the timber industry own?
What did US Fish and Wildlife Service officials say there is time to ease the tough nationwide protections they have enjoyed under the federal Endangered Species Act with?
Who have included private property groups and many states where the legislature approved a bill last year banning wolf reintroduction there?
Where have animals believed to be wolves been shot in 1993 and 1996?
