What is Oprah Winfrey fed up with?
What has it been challenged in by ``The Jerry Springer Show'' despite its 32 Daytime Emmys?
What has it been challenged in the ratings by despite its 32 Daytime Emmys?
What is Springer?
What is another reason for her disgust?
What do I feel they are going to burn out?
Who said she could not comment beyond a statement issued Monday?
What has Oprah Winfrey been challenged in the ratings by despite its 32 Daytime Emmys?
What has Oprah Winfrey been challenged in the ratings by ``The Jerry Springer Show'' despite?
What is she taping her show in this week?
Where is she taping her show this week?
Who is ready to bail out of her long-running show?
When did Winfrey tell, ``I am all talked out''?
What has been challenged in the ratings by ``The Jerry Springer Show'' despite its 32 Daytime Emmys?
Who told The Sunday Times, ``I am all talked out''?
Who did Schultz say could not comment beyond a statement issued Monday?
What did Schultz say she could not comment beyond?
Who has been challenged in the ratings by ``The Jerry Springer Show'' despite its 32 Daytime Emmys?
What has Winfrey been since launching ``The Oprah Winfrey Show'' in September 1986?
What am I getting out of such shows because I feel, ``My contract has two years left''?
What did Jerilyn Schultz say Winfrey was unavailable for today because she is taping her show in the Bahamas this week?
Who feels they are going to burn themselves out?
Who said Winfrey was unavailable for comment today because she is taping her show in the Bahamas this week?
When did Jerilyn Schultz say Winfrey was unavailable for comment because she is taping her show in the Bahamas this week?
Who do I feel are going to burn themselves out?
What did Schultz say beyond?
What has Oprah Winfrey been challenged in by ``The Jerry Springer Show'' despite its 32 Daytime Emmys?
Who was Jerilyn Schultz?
Who is taping her show in the Bahamas this week?
What has it been challenged in the ratings by ``The Jerry Springer Show'' despite?
What do I feel?
Who is getting out of such shows because I feel they are going to burn themselves out, ``My contract has two years left''?
Who was a publicist in Chicago?
Who has been a ratings success since launching ``The Oprah Winfrey Show'' in September 1986?
What do I feel are going to burn themselves out?
Who do I feel they are going to burn out?
When did the statement issued Monday say?
Who did Jerilyn Schultz say was unavailable for comment today because she is taping her show in the Bahamas this week?
Who is fed up with the sleaze on daytime television?
What calls his show a ``vulgarity circus''?
What did the statement issued Monday say were planned on whether Winfrey would continue the show after the end of her current contract?
What said no announcements were planned on whether Winfrey would continue the show after the end of her current contract?
Who 'ves achieved it for a lifetime?
What will be held May 21?
When will the Daytime Emmys be held?
What did she say in, ``Last year I was given the lifetime achievement award'', ``Last year I was given the lifetime achievement award''?
When do you 've achieved it?
What do you 've achieved for a lifetime?
What Game or audience participation!
What show host: Alex Trebek, ``Jeopardy!''
What show: Jeopardy!
What did the companies not release information about?
When are different from what the companies 're offering?
What could the success of Lifetime bode well for?
What is Mademoiselle?
Who heads the production division at CNN that won a Peabody award for its series on the Cold War?
Who said, ``Women represent the fastest-growing Internet population and a television audience that remains underserved''?
What did Mitchell say of?
What is Time Inc. part of like TBS?
What did they say would draw material from style, entertaining, travel, food and parenting articles in the various magazines published by Conde Nast and Time?
What did the companies say from?
Who is owned by the privately held company?
Who are TBS ' partners in the venture?
What did the companies say the new channel would draw material from?
What is Time Inc. part of the Time Warner media conglomerate like?
Who did Mitchell say she thought there was plenty of room for programming aimed at?
Who said she thought there was plenty of room for programming aimed at women?
What did the companies say would draw material from style, entertaining, travel, food and parenting articles in the various magazines published by Conde Nast and Time?
What is Vogue?
When did the companies announce?
What does NEW YORK-- Turner Broadcasting System go up against?
What does Pat Mitchell head?
What will be headed by Pat Mitchell?
What are InStyle, Parenting, Health and Food & Wine?
What is Conde Nast owned by?
Who will the new service be headed by?
What did Mitchell say she thought of?
What could bode well for other channels aimed at women?
What did the companies not release?
Who said it was not yet clear that there was room for all three?
What does Conde Nast publish?
What did entertainment industry analysts say was not yet clear that there was room for all three?
When are different from what we 're offering?
Who are Time Inc. and Conde Nast Advance Publications?
Who said the new channel would draw material from style, entertaining, travel, food and parenting articles in the various magazines published by Conde Nast and Time?
Who publishes Mademoiselle, Glamour and other magazines?
Who said the success of Lifetime was not yet clear that there was room for all three?
What has yet to be named?
What did Mitchell say she thought there was plenty of aimed at women?
What is Time Inc. like TBS?
Who did Mitchell say thought there was plenty of room for programming aimed at women?
What did entertainment industry analysts say?
What is teaming up with two major magazine publishers to launch a cable television channel aimed at women, going up against the already successful Lifetime channel?
What announced Thursday?
What goes up against the already successful Lifetime channel?
What is NEW YORK-- Turner Broadcasting System teaming up with to launch a cable television channel aimed at women, going up against the already successful Lifetime channel?
What is Bride's?
Who are people?
What did they say from?
What said the new channel would draw material from style, entertaining, travel, food and parenting articles in the various magazines published by Conde Nast and Time?
What did they say the new channel would draw material from?
When is part of the Time Warner media conglomerate like TBS?
Who said?
What did not release information about specific programs?
What were community relationships?
What did Hearst say in a statement that the new magazine will offer articles on?
What are many of them?
What will the new magazine debut in the spring with?
What are many of people?
What does Hearst publish?
What are major magazines many of?
What will the new magazine have?
What is starting a magazine next spring with the magazine publisher Hearst Corp.?
What are major magazines?
When will the new magazine debut with 850,000 copies?
Who publishes a variety of major magazines aimed at women?
What did Hearst say in a statement that the new magazine will offer on community relationships?
What were health and fitness, fashion and beauty, and books?
What will have a cooperative relationship with the Oprah. com Web site?
What will debut in the spring with 850,000 copies?
Who are major magazines many of?
What does Hearst publish a variety of aimed at women?
Who said, ``I love the printed word and have always appreciated the unique connection between author and reader''?
Who said in a statement that the new magazine will offer articles on community relationships?
What did Hearst say in that the new magazine will offer articles on community relationships?
What did Hearst say in a statement on?
What is NEW YORK-- Talk show host Oprah Winfrey starting a magazine next spring with?
What was such a big hit with Northwestern University business students that she's been invited to teach another class?
Who said this week the talk-show host has received reviews that were among the strongest of any professor?
What did Winfrey tell The Daily Northwestern?
Who said, ``Students said she truly provided a class they learned something from''?
What did Winfrey teach ``Dynamics of Leadership'' last fall at?
What do I now know?
What did Winfrey tell that she wants to improve?
Who told The Daily Northwestern that she wants to improve?
Who did Assistant Dean Rich Honack say this week has received reviews that were among the strongest of any professor?
What do Assistant Dean Rich Honack now know?
Who now knows how to get it?
What did he say, ``Students said she truly provided a class''?
When did Assistant Dean Rich Honack say the talk-show host has received reviews that were among the strongest of any professor?
What did Winfrey teach?
What did she say, ``I 'm coming back to get an A because I now know''?
What did he say, ``Students said''?
Who said, ``I gave myself a B''?
Who said, ``I 'm coming back to get an A because I now know how to get it''?
Who was CHICAGO-- Oprah Winfrey such a big hit with that she's been invited to teach another class?
What did Assistant Dean Rich Honack say this week the talk-show host has received?
Who now know how to get an A?
Who has accepted an offer to teach again next fall?
Who taught ``Dynamics of Leadership'' last fall at the university's J. L. Kellogg School of Management?
What has Winfrey accepted?
What was CHICAGO-- Oprah Winfrey with Northwestern University business students that she's been invited to teach another class?
Who taught the class with longtime beau and businessman Stedman Graham?
What was CHICAGO-- Oprah Winfrey such a big hit with Northwestern University business students?
Who said for me, the Oprah show is still the mother lode?
What did Winfrey say for me, the Oprah show is still?
Whose time need fans not worry that it will dominate?
What is a partnership with Hearst Corp.?
Who did Winfrey say for, the Oprah show is still the mother lode?
What will guess who grace?
Whose time need fans not worry?
Whose new magazine need fans not worry?
Whose time need fans not worry that Oprah Winfrey's new magazine will dominate?
Who is all the time?
Who need not worry that it will dominate Winfrey's time?
What comes pretty close?
What will grace the cover of every issue for the foreseeable future?
When need fans not worry that it will dominate?
What did Winfrey say for me, is still the mother lode?
What is O?
What does the magazine go on?
When need fans not worry that Oprah Winfrey's new magazine will dominate?
What will guess who grace the cover of foreseeable future?
What is the magazine?
What goes on sale Wednesday?
What is NEW YORK-- It may not be all Oprah, but Oprah Winfrey's new magazine?
What need fans not worry?
When is the Oprah?
Who need not worry that Oprah Winfrey's new magazine will dominate Winfrey's time?
What does Winfrey claim she paid the photographers more than $250,000 for?
What did this week issue saying photographers Paul Natkin and Stephen Green own the copyright on 11 pictures in the book?
Who did this week issue an opinion saying own the copyright on 11 pictures in the book?
Who did Natkin and Green say the money allowed to put the photos in publicity packages for her TV talk show?
Who did the judge say to?
What did this week issue an opinion saying photographers Paul Natkin and Stephen Green own?
What does Winfrey claim for?
Who 'll she make?
What did the judge say only a trial can decide: Ten Steps to a Better Body and Better Life?
What did Natkin and Green say?
When issued an opinion saying photographers Paul Natkin and Stephen Green own the copyright on 11 pictures in the book?
Who does Winfrey claim paid the photographers more than $250,000 for the license to use the pictures not only in the book?
Who claims she paid the photographers more than $250,000 for the license to use the pictures not only in the book?
Who was out of the country?
Who 'll make an awfully strong witness?
Who was licensed to put them in Make the Connection?
What did Natkin and Green say allowed Winfrey to put the photos in publicity packages for her TV talk show?
Who said the money allowed Winfrey to put the photos in publicity packages for her TV talk show?
What did the judge say only can decide whether Winfrey was licensed to put them in Make the Connection: Ten Steps to a Better Body and Better Life?
Who wants?
Who said she likely would be on hand for the trial and take the stand herself?
Who did the judge say only a trial can decide whether Winfrey was licensed to put them in Make the Connection: Ten Steps to?
What was Winfrey out of?
Who was licensed to put photographers Paul Natkin and Stephen Green in Make the Connection?
What did Natkin and Green say the money allowed Winfrey to put?
Who said?
Who said only a trial can decide whether Winfrey was licensed to put them in Make the Connection: Ten Steps to a Better Body and Better Life?
What did attorney Charles Babcock say on?
Who did attorney Charles Babcock say likely would be on hand for the trial and take the stand herself?
What was The Corner?
What do I think on?
Who did a Survivor takeoff in his opening segment?
When was set by ER?
What does the academy maybe have?
What was her first award?
What did many actors wear in a show of support for the Screen Actors Guild and American Federation of Television and Radio Artists?
Who did fellow nominee Nancy Marchand play?
What do Host Garry Shandling think on?
What did this come during a year Letterman had to take quintuple bypass operation in January?
Who did this come during a year had to take a break for an emergency quintuple bypass operation in January?
Who did Patricia Heaton beat out from The Sopranos?
Who was a sentimental winner of the best actor award for a comedy?
Who was an upset winner in the best actress category in a drama for ABC's Once and Again?
Who also won an Emmy?
How many competing actresses did she beat out from The Sopranos?
What had 18 nominations?
Who think real people should not be on television?
What do Host Garry Shandling think real people should not be on?
What did the haul for The West Wing break the previous record of eight Emmys for a series in a single season and in their first years?
How many competing actresses did Patricia Heaton beat out from The Sopranos?
When did this come during a year Letterman had to take a break for an emergency quintuple bypass operation?
Who said Dave home looks like the fake heart surgery paid off?
What did Janney say best actress in a comedy love every member of?
Who was Hank Azaria?
What won three Emmys?
Who was Sela Ward in a drama for ABC's Once and Again?
Who did she beat out from The Sopranos?
What do Host Garry Shandling think should not be on television?
Who does Allison Janney portray?
What did many actors wear gold ribbons in?
What did Michael J. Fox win in the 1980s for Family Ties?
Who did Shandling say do not like this reality television, I have to be honest?
What are you?
What did his co-star also win?
What did ABC have?
What did Marchand die of on June 18?
What did Janney say I love?
Who did Patricia Heaton win?
Who were this fall's supporting actors?
What did it come during a year Letterman had to take a break for an emergency quintuple bypass in January?
Whose first award was this fall?
What also won two awards for its supporting actors?
What are people who have trained and studied to appear to be real?
Who was it?
Who was hulking mob boss?
What do I think should not be on television?
What did NBC win bragging rights with?
How many awards did HBO have?
Who retired from his comedy about a New York City mayoral office?
When were the two biggest television events of the past year-- Who Wants to Be a Millionaire and Survivor-- not competing?
What was this fall?
Who said best actress in a comedy love every member of my cast?
Who did it also win two awards for?
What did Richard Schiff Toby Ziegler, and Allison Janney, win supporting?
Who won an Emmy for his writing?
Who is my life?
What was Patricia Heaton's first award?
What did Shandling say I do not like?
What was best comedy show?
What does Patricia Heaton play the long-suffering wife of comedian Ray Romano on the CBS comedy?
What does it's for?
What was Spin City?
When did this come during a year?
Who wore gold ribbons in a show of support for the Screen Actors Guild and American Federation of Television and Radio Artists?
What did Fox have?
What should this be?
What does Patricia Heaton play the long-suffering wife of comedian Ray Romano on the CBS comedy Loves Raymond?
Who was The Sopranos?
What did it come during a year Letterman had to take quintuple bypass operation in January?
What did the academy send out to watch at home?
Who was Eddie Izzard's HBO special?
Who thinks real people should not be on television?
What was The West Wing?
What was a big boost for NBC's sitcom as it moves to Thursday nights?
What won the award for best variety series for the third year in a row?
How many Emmys did HBO's series about a Baltimore inner-city neighborhood win?
Who did this fall also win two awards for?
Who was his HBO special?
When did the haul for The West Wing break the previous record of eight Emmys for a series in a single season and Hill Street Blues?
Who said Dave it looks like the fake heart surgery paid off?
What did the academy quadruple the number of voting as a result?
What was Michael J. Fox a sentimental winner of?
What was about the faceoff between The West Wing?
What did NBC win with 23 Emmys?
Who did Patricia Heaton beat out two competing actresses from?
Who said I do not like this reality television, I have to be honest?
Who was James Gandolfini?
Who portrays the White House's tough press secretary?
What did the haul for The West Wing break the previous record of and Hill Street Blues in their first years?
Who was his co-star?
Who paid tribute to fellow nominee Nancy Marchand Livia Soprano?
What did late Show win for the third year in a row?
What did the haul for The West Wing break and Hill Street Blues in their first years?
What do I share it with?
What maybe has an affinity for slightly overweight bald men?
What did best actress in a comedy's co-star also win?
What do best actress in a comedy share this with?
What did the academy quadruple voting as a result?
How many best actor trophies in a row did Michael J. Fox win in the 1980s for Family Ties?
Who plays the long-suffering wife of comedian Ray Romano on the CBS comedy Everybody Loves Raymond?
What won in a walk?
What was the pre-show buzz about between The West Wing?
Who does Richard Schiff play?
Who said I love every member of my cast?
What should be an ensemble award?
What were not competing Sunday?
Who did she beat out two competing actresses from?
What was a rubout in the political drama's competition with HBO's The Sopranos?
Who won three best actor trophies in a row in the 1980s for Family Ties?
What do I share with all of you?
Who was the show's executive producer?
Who avoided a shutout for his show by winning best actor?
When did this come Letterman had to take a break for an emergency quintuple bypass operation in January?
What had 15?
What are special people like us?
Who had 11?
Who does Patricia Heaton play the long-suffering wife of on the CBS comedy Everybody Loves Raymond?
What did James Gandolfini avoid by winning best actor?
What did Janney say best actress in a comedy love?
Who won for directing?
What was James Gandolfini?
What was the show honored as?
Where did the academy send out videotapes for voters to watch?
When did Michael J. Fox win three best actor trophies in a row?
Who said except the academy maybe has an affinity for slightly overweight bald men?
Who did Janney say love every member of my cast?
What did he win in the 1980s for Family Ties?
What was Sela Ward an upset winner in the best actress category in?
What do best actress in a comedy share with all of you?
Who did Janney call exquisite?
Who was best actress in a comedy's co-star?
What had 20 awards?
Who plays the grim aide?
What was NBC's idealistic series about a White House staff in turmoil?
What did a little bit of magic say?
Who were anxious to see the impact of a change in voting procedures designed to make it younger?
What's for special people like several contestants?
Whose HBO special was Eddie Izzard: Dress?
What did it quadruple the number of voting as a result?
How many awards did this fall also win for its supporting actors?
When also won two awards for its supporting actors?
What did the academy quadruple the number of people voting as?
Who does Patricia Heaton play on the CBS comedy Everybody Loves Raymond?
What did CBS have?
Who did Janney pay tribute to?
What was the single season set by?
What did Aaron Sorkin win?
Who fought back tears as he paid tribute to his family: This and what I do?
When did it come during a year?
Who won for both his performance?
What was HBO's series about a Baltimore inner-city neighborhood?
When did Marchand die of lung cancer?
What was it?
What did this come during a year Letterman had to take a break for an emergency quintuple bypass in January?
Who called Marchand exquisite?
Who did a little bit of magic say is important?
Who share this with all of you?
Who were anxious to see the impact of a change in voting procedures designed to make the voting panel younger?
How many awards did it also win for its supporting actors?
How many biggest television events of the past year-- Who Wants to Be a Millionaire and Survivor-- were not competing Sunday?
What did the academy send out videotapes for voters to watch at?
What did it quadruple the number of people voting as?
Who played the scheming matriarch?
Who won supporting actor awards?
When did late Show win the award for best variety series?
Who were anxious to see the impact of a change in voting procedures designed to widen the voting panel?
What does a's for?
When did it come during a year Letterman had to take a break for an emergency quintuple bypass operation?
What did HBO have?
Who were Sean Hayes and Megan Mullally?
Who won an Emmy for creator's writing?
Who was the Sopranos?
When did it come Letterman had to take a break for an emergency quintuple bypass operation in January?
What did HBO's series about a Baltimore inner-city neighborhood win?
What won bragging rights with 23 Emmys?
Who said?
What said Lemmon is important?
What did it quadruple voting as a result?
What did Janney say I love every member of?
What did the show's executive producer say Dave it looks like paid off?
What was Eddie Izzard: Dress?
What did the West Wing win in?
Who shares it with all of you?
What was honored as best TV movie?
What do I think real people should not be on?
What did Host Garry Shandling do a?
What did Shandling say I do not like, I have to be honest?
What's for special people like us?
Who did it come during a year had to take a break for an emergency quintuple bypass operation in January?
What had 7?
Who was NBC's idealistic series about a White House staff in turmoil?
How many best actor trophies in a row did he win in the 1980s for Family Ties?
Who does Patricia Heaton play the long-suffering wife of comedian Ray Romano on the CBS comedy Everybody Loves?
Who won best actress in a comedy?
Who was in taking home the only trophy for HBO's groundbreaking series?
What sent out videotapes for voters to watch at home?
What did it also win for its supporting actors?
What were several contestants in?
What are involved in a strike against the advertising industry?
What did Eddie Izzard win for?
What did the show's executive producer say Dave home looks like paid off?
What are best actress in a comedy?
Who was Michael J. Fox?
What was a big boost for NBC's sitcom as NBC moves to Thursday nights?
Who died of lung cancer on June 18?
What came during a year Letterman had to take a break for an emergency quintuple bypass operation in January?
Who beat out two competing actresses from The Sopranos?
What was David Letterman's?
Who were in the audience?
What did both have?
What are the Screen Actors Guild and American Federation of Television and Radio Artists involved in?
Who are my life?
How many nominations did both have?
What was the pre-show buzz about the faceoff between?
What did Fox retire from?
What broke the previous record of eight Emmys for a series in a single season and Hill Street Blues in their first years?
Who was Rob Burnett?
What does Patricia Heaton play the long-suffering wife of comedian Ray Romano on Everybody Loves Raymond?
What are special people like several contestants?
What did Janney pay to fellow nominee Nancy Marchand Livia Soprano?
What quadrupled the number of people voting as a result?
Who were its supporting actors?
What did this fall also win for its supporting actors?
Who did Shandling say I do not like this reality television, have to be honest?
Who was the row?
When did he win three best actor trophies in a row?
Who was Edie Falco and Lorraine Bracco?
What did Lemmon fight back?
What was the New York City mayoral office?
What did Host Garry Shandling do Survivor takeoff in his opening segment?
What does Narrator Dominick Birdsey's brother suffer from?
What has cost Oprah readers because of the book's unnecessary tonnage?
What gets maddening?
What did I have?
What do not need to know all this stuff?
Who does acute schizophrenia cause to chop off one hand in a protest against the looming Persian Gulf War?
Whose brother suffers from acute schizophrenia?
How many last pages in one do I read sitting?
Who published his first book, ``She's Come Undone,'' which became a monster bestseller?
What has cost himself readers because of the book's unnecessary tonnage?
What is Dominick not exactly?
Who wants to pick it up?
Who is Narrator Dominick Birdsey's brother?
What is not exactly an exemplar of mental health himself?
What is Wally Lamb HarperCollins?
What do Oprah admit to being a little sad upon coming to the last page after?
How many pages is Wally Lamb HarperCollins?
Who wants to lay the book down?
Who discovered Lamb some time after he published his first book, ``She's Come Undone,'' which became a monster bestseller?
What is the supposedly sane identical twin?
What did he publish, ``She's Come Undone,'' which became a monster bestseller?
Who does acute schizophrenia cause to enter a public library?
Who reads the last 150 pages in one sitting?
What did Meet Wally Lamb publish, ``Pat Conroy's Come Undone,'' which became a monster bestseller?
What does acute schizophrenia cause him to chop off in a protest against the looming Persian Gulf War?
Who is 897 pages?
What is Meet Wally Lamb?
Who was come to think of it?
What do they linger continually on?
What does the story regain?
What did the pithy one-liners sprinkle throughout the book, and a penchant for melodrama he's like Grisham because of?
How many pages are $27. 50 THE AUTHOR: Meet Wally Lamb?
What insists on exploring all of them _ at length?
What do you want to lay down?
What is the frustration of the middle pages long forgiven?
What is probably why?
Who discovered Lamb some time after he published his first book, ``Pat Conroy's Come Undone,'' which became a monster bestseller?
What is the last page?
What is the last page the frustration of?
Who had a hard time putting the book down at all, even during the tedious times?
Who suffers from acute schizophrenia?
Who linger continually on the edge of crisis and\/or catastrophe?
What does his brother suffer from?
Who is his brother?
What's still worthwhile on balance?
What has Lamb cost Oprah readers because of?
What is the book's daunting length probably?
What does acute schizophrenia cause him to chop off one hand in?
What does it's still worthwhile on?
What regains its momentum?
Who do not need to know all this stuff?
What do we not need to know?
What do I admit to being a little sad upon coming to the last page after?
What does this's still worthwhile on?
Who is a literary cross between John Grisham and Pat Conroy?
What are so well drawn?
Where do the two linger continually?
What has Lamb cost himself readers because of?
Who published his first book, ``Pat Conroy's Come Undone,'' which became a monster bestseller?
What writes so well?
Who was rewarded with a satisfying ending?
What do you want to pick up?
What is tHE PLOT: Narrator Dominick Birdsey?
What are 897 pages?
Who admits to being a little sad upon coming to the last page after 900 pages and three weeks?
What do I read sitting?
What does acute schizophrenia cause him to enter?
What did the pithy one-liners sprinkle throughout he's like Grisham because of his singular knack for telling a story; like Conroy for his writing talent?
What was I rewarded with?
What linger continually on the edge of crisis and\/or catastrophe?
What does the story sizzle in?
Whose brother is Thomas?
What sizzles in the beginning?
What do the two not need to know?
What here are endless?
What do the two linger continually on?
What did not stay there long?
What causes him to chop off one hand in a protest against the looming Persian Gulf War?
Who admit to being a little sad upon coming to the last page after 900 pages and three weeks?
Where do they linger continually?
What are $27. 50 THE AUTHOR: Meet Wally Lamb?
What insists on exploring all of the dramatic possibilities _ at length?
Who is Thomas?
What causes him to enter a public library?
What see CNN's retraction of its Operation Tailwind story as part of an overall decline in the media's accuracy?
What do alleged nerve gas use CNN's ``NewsStand'' story by?
What did the return to violence help with?
What was still enough to match ``Oprah,'' whose ratings remained virtually unchanged from May and from July a year ago?
What found that 49 percent were aware of CNN's retraction of its ``NewsStand'' story?
What has also been tracking for three years whether the public thinks news organizations are generally accurate?
What do alleged nerve gas use its ``NewsStand'' story by?
What is from 55 percent in 1985?
What did 2 by telephone of 1,189 adults find that 49 percent were aware of?
What thinks news organizations are generally accurate?
What do SEEN AND HEARD Poll on Tailwind Americans see CNN's retraction of as part of an overall decline in the media's accuracy?
What said the media are less accurate overall?
What said they are less accurate overall?
What do SEEN AND HEARD Poll on Tailwind Americans see CNN's retraction of its Operation Tailwind story as?
What do SEEN AND HEARD Poll on Tailwind Americans see as part of an overall decline in the media's accuracy?
What found that 49 percent were aware of CNN's retraction of CNN's ``NewsStand'' story?
What did 2 by telephone of 1,189 adults find of?
What does the public think?
What said 31 said Tailwind was isolated?
What is the steady decline from?
What does the public think are generally accurate?
Who did 55 percent say are less accurate overall?
What has the research center also been tracking for three years whether the public thinks?
What has a margin of error of plus or minus 3. 5 percent?
When does the research center find a steady decline to 34 percent?
What does the research center find in February 1998?
What was a 21 percent drop in viewership for ``Springer'' compared to the recent May sweeps?
What see CNN's retraction of CNN's Operation Tailwind story as part of an overall decline in the media's accuracy?
What use CNN's ``NewsStand'' story by the U. S. military?
What does the poll have a margin of?
Who would do if a kinder, gentler ``Jerry Springer'' suffered in the ratings brought his talk show back to the brink of violence in July?
Who did 55 percent say 31 said was isolated?
What does the poll have?
What use its ``NewsStand'' story by the U. S. military?
Who promised?
What was that?
What knows how to fight?
What did 55 percent say said Tailwind was isolated?
What did 55 percent say 31 said?
What do alleged nerve gas use by the U. S. military?
What does ATLANTA-- Jerry Springer know?
What has the research center also been tracking for three years?
What do SEEN AND HEARD Poll on Tailwind Americans see CNN's retraction of CNN's Operation Tailwind story as?
What finds a steady decline to 34 percent in February 1998?
What did 55 percent say are less accurate overall?
What did 55 percent say?
Who say their goodbyes to the camera?
Who reaches over?
Who wants him out of her daughter's life?
What does Debbie do with her best?
What do not look for anything to come of it?
What then instructed to whack a red box with the word ``Guilt'' written on it?
Who looks great?
When have the two held similar talks several times?
When does a mom come?
What does she's calling it ``Change?
Who writes, ``I 'm amazed at each little blossom''?
When did she sport a quite fashionable long tan skirt?
Who hands a big wooden stick to an audience member named Debbie?
Who come as CBS News is faced with cutting a reported $40 million out of its budget?
Who sported a quite fashionable long tan skirt on Wednesday?
Who is the big fat liar?
What is?
Who does Debbie do with her best swing?
When has Winfrey launched?
Who comes on stage?
Who does a mom slap?
Who do you see on?
What would neither side yield to the other?
What is faced with cutting a reported $40 million out of its budget?
What is her set?
Who meditated?
What would yield control over a merged operation to the other?
Who does with her best Mark McGwire swing?
What have held similar talks several times over the past few years?
What would costs have?
Who does mom want out of her daughter's life?
Who's feeling real guilty because no matter how hard she tries she knows happy?
What does Winfrey's shown sitting by?
Who believes?
What are holding preliminary talks about a possible merger?
What would have a positive impact on CBS's stock?
Who does Debbie do with Mark McGwire swing?
What does talk just not seem to fit any more?
What do CNN and CBS News not look for anything to come of?
What well brawls like you see on ratings competitor ``Jerry Springer?''
What is her mission?
What would neither side yield control over a merged operation to?
What come as CBS News is faced with cutting a reported $40 million out of its budget?
Who's calling it ``Change Your Life TV'' and part of that will include a free, over-the-tube seminar each Wednesday with Gray?
What has Winfrey launched a new season of?
What do flip to ``Springer'': Three female audience members say?
Who slaps a guy named Jason a good one?
Who's shown sitting by a pond?
What did Debbie's then instruct to whack a red box with?
Who has launched a new season of her daily talk show?
When have merger talks broken down because neither side would yield control over a merged operation to the other?
Who screams, ``You 're a big fat liar''?
What did she sport on Wednesday?
Who cannot help?
What are CNN and CBS News holding preliminary talks about?
What just does not seem to fit this show any more?
What have broken down because neither side would yield control over a merged operation to the other in the past?
Who show?
What did Debbie's then instruct to whack with the word ``Guilt'' written on it?
What did SEEN AND hear Dan Rather and Larry King on?
Who is Jason?
Who sees on ratings competitor ``Jerry Springer''?
Who believe?
Who did SEEN AND hear on the same team?
What are CNN and CBS News holding?
What does Winfrey on Wednesday with her new ``change your life'' guru John Gray hand?
What HEARD Dan Rather and Larry King on the same team?
Who wonders what's going on over on ``Springer?''
What do CNN and CBS News not look for to come of it?
What do you wonder on?''
What are true?
Who did?
Who does &QL; &UR; ANOTHER DIETER MAKES GOOD &lr; On?
What did. . . Our fashion editor say that she was so moved by the Polaroids taken during the shoot to?
Who did my friend Irene lose at 14 through drugs?
What was the second about?
What did she know she had to lose?
What will the show focus on?
Whose &UR; Anna Wintour was what that like for?
What is stardom?
When did she promise?
What did Vogue's &UR; Anna Wintour tell Life in public is not easy for her?
Who is one of the most powerful women in America?
Whose &UR; Anna Wintour was what for?
What like my friend Irene?
What takes the Postal Service seriously?
What do people who know me say ` poor you ' because they know?
Who did she know had to lose weight?
Who dedicated Monday's program to the memory of Vogue's &UR; Anna Wintour's mother?
What does her rise to stardom diet sensible decision to give up dieting in favor of exercise know the story of her humble beginnings?
Who wants to know?
What did the duchess dedicate to the memory of her mother?
Who can think of nothing worse?
Who knew she had to lose weight?
What did. . . Our fashion editor say by?
What did Vogue's &UR; Anna Wintour's mother die in?
What did. . . Our fashion editor say that she was so moved by that she went to her dressing room to be alone and came out with moist eyes?
What was anorexia?
What did Vogue's &UR; Anna Wintour know she had to lose?
Who was what that like for?
What lost her daughter at 14 through drugs?
What did my friend Irene lose her daughter at 14 through?
What will focus on people?
What diets sensible decision to give up dieting in favor of exercise we all know the story of her humble beginnings?
What did Vogue's &UR; Anna Wintour &lr; exults in the editor's note at the front of the Oprah issue that the magazine staff was thrilled?
Who is Oprah one of?
Who promised she would lose 20 pounds by our deadline?
Who know I 'm actually a shy person?
Who did she tell the Telegraph Life in public is not easy for?
What would I hate if my children took drugs or got leukemia?
Who would hate it if my children took drugs or got leukemia?
What does her rise to stardom diet we all know the story of her humble beginnings?
Who does &QL; &UR; ANOTHER DIETER MAKES GOOD &lr; On, the &UR; Duchess &LR; &UR; of York &LR; promised that she would be good?
Who found that 100 percent found nothing at all reassuring about it?
What do people like?
What does &QL; &UR; ANOTHER DIETER MAKES GOOD &lr; On the eve of the premiere of her TV talk show, promised that she would be good?
What do not many people realize?
What means there are also a lot of really bad songs I 've written that you never hear?''
What did _ John Fogerty on York &LR;'s craft, reap from by Chris Jehle?
What was that like for her?
What does T. S. &LR; &UR; Bolton &LR; take seriously?
If I can help by spreading the word, what might ease the drug situation or encourage people to give bone marrow?
Who did _ John Fogerty on his craft, reap from Rolling Stone magazine by?
What is her crash?
What did her mother die in?
Who told the Telegraph Life in public is not easy for her?
Who reaped from Rolling Stone magazine by Chris Jehle?
What did our instant minipoll of five women find that 100 percent found at all reassuring about it?
What is reeling from the news that Superman is dead?
How many pounds did she promise she would lose by our deadline?
Who has done that before?
What does her rise to stardom diet sensible decision to give up dieting in favor of exercise we all know the story of?
What did Vogue's &UR; Anna Wintour know?
Who did Monday's first show feature?
What did she promise she would lose by our deadline?
What is her longtime romance?
What is not to mention moon-walker &UR; Neil Armstrong?
What does her rise to stardom diet sensible decision to give up dieting in favor of exercise we all know?
Who did _ John Fogerty on York &LR;'s craft, reap from Rolling Stone magazine by?
What has Vogue's &UR; Anna Wintour done before?
Who did she promise would lose 20 pounds by our deadline?
What realize that?
Who do they know 'm actually a shy person?
What have suffered?
What do they know?
What did she tell the Telegraph of, ``I 'm not going to be saying anything wrong or bad about the royal family''?
What was the third about cosmetic surgery?
What was that like for Vogue's &UR; Anna Wintour?
Who is Oprah?
When was about anorexia?
Whose mother died in a car accident?
Who was what for?
Who died in a car accident?
What has she done before?
What did the duchess dedicate Monday's program to?
What does &QL; &UR; WHO SAID WHAT &LR; ``The fact that there are a lot of good songs mean?''
Who said, ``I want to talk to real, proper people who 've been through hell''?
What did our instant minipoll of five women find at?
What is T. S. &LR; &UR; Bolton &LR; reeling from?
Who did Vogue's &UR; Anna Wintour know had to lose weight?
What know I 'm actually a shy person?
What did Vogue's &UR; Anna Wintour tell the Telegraph is not easy for her?
Who do they know I 'm actually?
Who 'mes a woman?
Who did Vogue's &UR; Anna Wintour tell the Telegraph Life in public is not easy for?
What is not enough?
Who told the Telegraph of London, ``I 'm not going to be saying anything wrong or bad about the royal family''?
What featured a hit-and-run driver and a rape victim?
What did she tell the Telegraph is not easy for her?
What did she tell Life in public is not easy for her?
What can I think of?
When did she promise she would lose 20 pounds?
What did the duchess dedicate to the memory of Vogue's &UR; Anna Wintour's mother?
What did _ John Fogerty on his craft, reap from by Chris Jehle?
What did my friend Irene lose her daughter at through drugs?
What say ` poor you ' because they know I 'm actually a shy person?
What did Vogue's &UR; Anna Wintour &lr; exults in the editor's note at the front of the Oprah issue?
Who dedicated Monday's program to the memory of her mother?
Who do I 'm?
What &LR; On the eve of the premiere of her TV talk show, the &UR; Duchess &LR; &UR; of York &LR; promised that she would be good?
What did she know?
What did our instant minipoll of five women find that 100 percent found nothing at reassuring about it?
What did she tell, ``I 'm not going to be saying anything wrong or bad about the royal family''?
Who is saddled with the film's most babbly aphorisms at other times?
Who is a remake of the 1962 film about two emotionally disturbed teen-agers who meet at an institution and form a tentative, healing friendship?
When is this television as therapy?
Who inhabit David and Lisa convincingly?
Whose better roles is group therapy not one of?
What belonged in a movie about institutional horrors?
Who speaks in rhymes?
Who has just said he prefers clocks to humans?
If David keeps everything in, who lets everything out?
Who is she?
Who is so obsessed with order and time that he spends his days making precise drawings of the inner mechanisms of clocks?
What comes in Ms. Winfrey's introduction?
Who swirls in circles?
What shines especially brightly in the immense office of the school's head?
Who is the school's head played by?
What does the key to this film's approach come in?
What does it make?
What does the hyperintelligent David say Lisa is ``disassociative'' and sneers at the idea that she might have been diagnosed as schizophrenic in?
Who does Poitier's character tell, ``People have feelings''?
What does this new version literally bring mental illness into?
Who does Poitier's character say prefers simple language?
What does this new version literally bring into the light?
What is Poitier used for here?
What seems an impossibly blunt '90s addition?
Who arrives at ``a place'' where he can begin to feel and trust again with the help of his psychiatrist?
What is he saddled with at other times?
Who explains why she wanted to produce this story?
What turns out to be disappointingly like the old one?
What is this as therapy like an extension of the ``Oprah Winfrey Show''?
What did it belong in?
If David keeps everything in, what does Lisa let out?
What is not one of Lisa's better roles?
What did the melodramatic music belong in?
Who is an inspired idea?
What does the hyperintelligent David say at in one of the rare instances when it does?
Whose direction is simply pedestrian?
Who do the actors inhabit convincingly?
What seems senseless because time has robbed the story of its daring?
What literally brings mental illness into the light?
Who does not glamorize David?
What was David and Lisa with?
What is David so obsessed with order and time that he spends his days making precise drawings of?
Who is her social worker?
What is group therapy?
What is David so obsessed with that he spends his days making precise drawings of the inner mechanisms of clocks?
What does he recoil in when he arrives at the school and another student accidentally brushes his hand while trying to help with his luggage?
What has David just said?
What has time robbed?
What does the dull film turn out to be disappointingly like?
Whose character says he prefers simple language?
What does his fear of being touched physically seem?
What is David so obsessed with order and time that he spends his days making?
What has David just said Poitier's character prefers?
What does David arrive at ``a place'' where he can begin to feel and trust again with?
What is played by Sidney Poitier?
What was precisely the proud diagnosis David offered In 1962?
What does Poitier's character say?
Who is dirty hag?
Who tells David, ``People have feelings''?
Who has more serious problems than what might be labeled intimacy issues?
What is group therapy not one of?
Whose introduction does the key to this film's approach come in?
What is neither mawkish nor tough?
What is David and Lisa a remake of?
What does David have?
Who has David just said prefers clocks to humans?
Who was with its simplistic message about the healing touch of friendship?
What can Sidney Poitier exude simply by standing, sitting or walking into a room?
What has the Oprah Winfrey Show become a favorite site for talking cures from?
What was the original ``David and Lisa'' shot in black-and-white so extreme?
What does she swirl in?
What do you not feel in?
What so deserves nothing less?
Who can exude authority simply by standing, sitting or often that's what he's called on to do?
What does David arrive at with the help of his psychiatrist?
What is the visual openness?
Who can exude authority simply by standing, sitting or walking into a room?
Whose character has David just said prefers clocks to humans?
What is David so obsessed with order and time?
What is the institution where the teen-agers live filled with?
Whose character tells David, ``People have feelings''?
Who does not feel in love with life?
Who is Maggie?
Whose character has David just said?
What can Sidney Poitier exude simply by standing, sitting or often that's what he's called on to do?
Who is haunted face?
Who was with such a faithful rendering's simplistic message about the healing touch of friendship?
What is the only dramatic change in this dull film?
What would be too bad if it became ammunition in the growing Oprah backlash?
What has time robbed the story of?
What did Women have?
Whose direction is neither mawkish nor tough?
What was it there in?
What is filled with windows that let crystal light shine through?
Who recoiles in terror when he arrives at the school and another student accidentally brushes his hand while trying to help with his luggage?
Who is Nag?
Who is a shy, pretty girl?
When is he saddled with the film's most babbly aphorisms?
What does it shine especially brightly in?
What is Producing and starring in ``Beloved'' was a serious artistic move and Oprah's Book Club?
Who do not feel in love with life?
What was schizophrenia precisely the proud diagnosis In 1962?
When has robbed the story of its daring?
Who was shot in black-and-white so extreme that it looked gothic?
What does the film barely acknowledge?
What was the film?
What does Poitier's character say he prefers?
What sounded like it belonged in a movie about institutional horrors?
Who has just said Poitier's character prefers clocks to humans?
What is television as therapy like an extension of the ``Oprah Winfrey Show''?
Who was always waiting for the psychobabble '90s to catch up to it?
Who has played a big part in the emergence of our tell-all culture?
What does she speak in?
Who says he prefers simple language?
Who would be too bad if it became ammunition in the growing Oprah backlash?
What has Oprah Winfrey played?
What does an institution shine especially brightly in?
What was the original ``David and Lisa'' shot in that it looked gothic?
Who says Lisa is ``disassociative'' and sneers at the idea that she might have been diagnosed as schizophrenic in one of the rare instances when it does?
What barely acknowledges the changes that have taken place in the study of psychology in the last three decades?
What is not one of her better roles?
What is gaunt?
Who is nag?
What was schizophrenia David offered In 1962?
What makes sense that the latest film in her ``Oprah Winfrey Presents'' series is ``David and Lisa''?
When is David so obsessed with order and time that he spends making precise drawings of the inner mechanisms of clocks?
What is David and Lisa?
What is simply pedestrian?
Who does he tell, ``People have feelings''?
Where does David arrive with the help of his psychiatrist?
Who Had Wings and ``The Wedding''?
What is this television as like an extension of the ``Oprah Winfrey Show''?
What does the school's head so deserve?
Who is used for his iconic presence here?
Who was schizophrenia precisely the proud diagnosis offered In 1962?
What has David just said he prefers?
What was there in the original?
What can he exude simply by standing, sitting or often that's what he's called on to do?
Who does Lukas Haas not glamorize?
What can he exude simply by standing, sitting or walking into a room?
What do Sidney Poitier not feel in?
When was David and Lisa always waiting to catch up to it?
What is Sidney Poitier saddled with at other times?
When was schizophrenia precisely the proud diagnosis David offered?
When is Sidney Poitier saddled with the film's most babbly aphorisms?
What was a sympathetic attempt to demystify mental illness?
Who told the TV show, ``the judge who sentenced the father's only fear _ what if he likes hell?''
Who was the guest on still another incredible ``Roseanne Show'' installment?
Who did Mike confess to his girlfriend C. C. on on his ``Sizzling Sex Secrets'' installment?
What did psychic and medium James Van Praagh relay a message from Nicole Brown Simpson to Nicole's sister Denise on?
Where did _ &LR; &LR; Roseanne visit Hugh Hefner?
What did Springer tell that it ``must have been in _ &LR; &LR; Roseanne's news days?''
When did Roseanne serve as guest editor of the National Enquirer she once sued _ &LR; &LR; Continuing her own?
What did _ &LR; &LR; Oprah Winfrey take her show to for a week?
When did Roseanne serve as guest editor of the National Enquirer _ &LR; &LR; Jenny Jones once sued _ &LR; &LR; Continuing her own?
Who confessed to his girlfriend C. C. that he 'd cheated on her with a woman named Champagne on his ``Sizzling Sex Secrets'' installment?
Who told the TV show, ``My only fear _ what if he likes hell?''
Who did Roseanne serve for a week as _ &LR; &LR; Jenny Jones once sued _ &LR; &LR; Continuing her own?
Who did Mike confess to _ &LR; &LR; Roseanne that he 'd cheated on with a woman named Champagne on his ``Sizzling Sex Secrets'' installment?
Who did Mike confess to that he 'd cheated on _ &LR; &LR; Jenny Jones with a woman named Champagne on his ``Sizzling Sex Secrets'' installment?
What did Roseanne serve for a week as guest editor of the National Enquirer _ &LR; &LR; Continuing her own?
What was all Meat Loaf?
Who did _ &LR; &lr; Unbelievable month for?
Where did _ &LR; &LR; Oprah Winfrey take her show for a week?
What did _ &LR; &lr; A ``Real TV'' investigation turned up crooning ``Me and Bobby McGee?''
Who was the he?
What included a ``Sexiest Island Man'' contest and ``fabulous bathing suit makeovers'' for vacationing sunbathers?
What did the message about the importance of forgiveness assure Nicole's survivors that wherever she is, she's got?
What &LR; A ``Real TV'' investigation turned up 1980 footage of Springer crooning ``Me and Bobby McGee?''
Who told ``Real TV'' that it ``must have been in my news days?''
Who visited Hugh Hefner at the Playboy Mansion?
What did the message about the importance of forgiveness assure Nicole's survivors?
Who approved stories about a professor who spent $720,000 to stop teapots from dribbling?
Who said the ``Leopard Room'' was her favorite?
Who did Mike confess to his girlfriend C. C. that he 'd cheated on her with on his ``Sizzling Sex Secrets'' installment?
Who explained, ``I just feel really good between the prints _ zebra or whatever it is?''
What did _ &LR; &LR; Oprah Winfrey take to the Bahamas for a week?
What was zebra?
What may have ensued?
Who did _ &LR; &LR; Roseanne visit at the Playboy Mansion?
What did psychic and medium James Van Praagh relay from Nicole Brown Simpson to Nicole's sister Denise on yet another of her shows?
What did _ &LR; &LR; ``Inside Edition'' investigate?
What did _ &LR; &LR; correctly answer On The Rosie O'Donnell Show?
What did the judge who sentenced the father say in?''
Who did Nicole Brown Simpson to Nicole's sister Denise do know to?
Who got into the ring with professional wrestler Bone Breakin ' Jones?
Who did the message about the importance of forgiveness assure that wherever she is, she's got her head screwed on straight?
What did _ &LR; &lr; turned up 1980 footage of Springer crooning ``Me and Bobby McGee?''
Who did _ &LR; &lr; Big month for?
What reportedly survived the encounter?
When did Springer tell ``Real TV''?''
Who said he would ``burn in hell for an eternity?''
Who was _ &LR; &LR; Jenny Jones?
What did _ &LR; &LR; Ivana Trump say?
Who was the supermarket tabloid?
What was the Rosie O'Donnell Show?
What did _ &LR; &LR; Jenny Jones get into?
What assured Nicole's survivors that wherever she is, she's got her head screwed on straight?
Who did the judge who sentenced the father say would ``burn in hell for an eternity?''
Who did _ &LR; &lr; Just another day for?
Who relayed a message from Nicole Brown Simpson to Nicole's sister Denise on yet another of her shows?
What did _ &LR; &lr;?''
What did she miss?
When did _ &LR; &lr; for Roseanne?
Who served for a week as guest editor of the National Enquirer she once sued _ &LR; &LR; Continuing her own?
Who is?
Who did _ &LR; &LR; correctly answer eight out of 10 tough trivia questions about On The Rosie O'Donnell Show?
What did _ &LR; &LR; Roseanne visit Hugh Hefner at?
What was cheetah?
When did _ &LR; &lr; for Maury Povich?
Who did _ &LR; &LR; ``Inside Edition'' investigate the story of?
What was Gennifer Flowers the guest on?
What did Mike confess to his girlfriend C. C. that he 'd cheated on her with a woman named Champagne on?
Who missed the Chub Club's motto?
When did _ &LR; &lr; for Jerry Springer?
Who did psychic and medium James Van Praagh relay a message from on yet another of _ &LR; &LR; Jenny Jones's shows?
Who served for a week as guest editor of the National Enquirer _ &LR; &LR; Jenny Jones once sued _ &LR; &LR; Continuing her own?
Who was a she?
What &LR; Unbelievable month for Roseanne?
What did Springer tell that it ``must have been in my news days?''
Who did Mike confess to _ &LR; &LR; Roseanne on on his ``Sizzling Sex Secrets'' installment?
What did Bone Breakin ' reportedly survive?
What assured Nicole's survivors that wherever Nicole Brown Simpson to Nicole's sister Denise is, she's got her head screwed on straight?
Who did Roseanne approve stories about?
Who was a state lottery winner whose weight ballooned to 735 pounds and a traffic court judge who is blind?
Who did Roseanne serve for a week as guest editor of the National Enquirer once sued _ &LR; &LR; Continuing her own?
Who did Roseanne serve for a week as guest editor of the National Enquirer she once sued?
What did _ &LR; &LR; correctly answer eight out of 10 tough trivia questions about Rosie and the show On?
What investigated the story of a man who injected his 7-year-old son with HIV?
Who told ``Real TV'' that it ``must have been in _ &LR; &LR; Roseanne's news days?''
Whose mother told the TV show, ``My only fear _ what if he likes hell?''
What did _ &LR; &LR; Ivana Trump say was her favorite?
What was the program's self-professed No. 1 fan?
What was the National Enquirer?
Who was the program's self-professed No. 1 fan?
What was the tongue sandwich?
What did Mike confess to that he 'd cheated on her with a woman named Champagne on his ``Sizzling Sex Secrets'' installment?
Who did know which rock star tried to French-kiss Rosie?
What did the lineup include?
Whose publicists said, ``to live out Talk-show host Jon Stewart's teenage fantasy of wearing a smoking jacket Bunnies Bunnies Talk-show host Jon Stewart came along''?
When did the judge who sentenced the father say he would ``burn in hell?''
Who was surprised and quite possibly chagrined to learn on the show that Champagne is a he?
Who did she do know to?
What did Mike confess to _ &LR; &LR; Roseanne that he 'd cheated on _ &LR; &LR; Jenny Jones with a woman named Champagne on?
What did Nicole Brown Simpson to Nicole's sister Denise miss?
What did the boy's mother tell, ``the judge who sentenced the father's only fear _ what if he likes hell?''
Who was Gennifer Flowers on still another incredible ``Roseanne Show'' installment?
Who did psychic and medium James Van Praagh relay a message from on yet another of her shows?
What did psychic and medium James Van Praagh relay from Nicole Brown Simpson to Nicole's sister Denise on yet another of _ &LR; &LR; Jenny Jones's shows?
What did Roseanne approve?
What did the judge who sentenced the father say he would ``burn in for an eternity?''
Who took her show to the Bahamas for a week?
What did _ &LR; &LR; Ivana Trump say the ``Leopard Room'' was?
When did _ &LR; &LR; Oprah Winfrey take her show to the Bahamas?
What did the message about the importance of forgiveness assure Nicole's survivors that wherever Nicole Brown Simpson to Nicole's sister Denise is, she's got?
What correctly answered eight out of 10 tough trivia questions about Rosie and the show On The Rosie O'Donnell Show?
Who was the professor who spent $720,000 to stop teapots from dribbling?
What led ``Access Hollywood'' viewers on a tour of her six-floor townhouse in New York?
Whose mother told the TV show, ``the judge who sentenced the father's only fear _ what if he likes hell?''
Who relayed a message from Nicole Brown Simpson to Nicole's sister Denise on yet another of _ &LR; &LR; Jenny Jones's shows?
Who did Roseanne serve for a week as she once sued _ &LR; &LR; Continuing her own?
Whose survivors did the message about the importance of forgiveness assure that wherever she is, she's got her head screwed on straight?
Who did Mike confess to his girlfriend C. C. that he 'd cheated on with a woman named Champagne on his ``Sizzling Sex Secrets'' installment?
Who did _ &LR; &lr; A ``Real TV'' investigation turned up 1980 footage of Springer crooning ``?''
Who did Roseanne serve for a week as guest editor of the National Enquirer _ &LR; &LR; Jenny Jones once sued?
Who said, ``to live out Talk-show host Jon Stewart's teenage fantasy of wearing a smoking jacket Bunnies Bunnies Talk-show host Jon Stewart came along''?
Whose publicists said, ``to live out his teenage fantasy of wearing a smoking jacket Bunnies Bunnies Talk-show host Jon Stewart came along''?
What did the boy's mother tell, ``My only fear _ what if he likes hell?''
Who did _ &LR; &lr; A ``Real TV'' investigation turned up 1980 footage of crooning ``Me and Bobby McGee?''
Who did Mike confess to _ &LR; &LR; Roseanne that he 'd cheated on _ &LR; &LR; Jenny Jones with on his ``Sizzling Sex Secrets'' installment?
What did _ &LR; &LR; Ivana Trump lead ``Access Hollywood'' viewers on?
Who said, ``to live out his teenage fantasy of wearing a smoking jacket Bunnies Bunnies Talk-show host Jon Stewart came along''?
What was Anya Gerrato?
What &LR; Just another day for Jerry Springer?
What &LR; Big month for Maury Povich?
Whose news days did Springer tell ``Real TV'' in?''
Who came to the United States in 1985?
When did Ha Jin come to the United States?
What did the ceremony celebrate the 50th anniversary of?
Who was the winner for nonfiction ``Embracing Defeat: Japan in the Wake of World War II'' by?
Who do I love because in the beginning was the word?
What did Ms. Winfrey say it was?
What were submitted?
What did the poetry prize go to in ``Vice: New and Selected Poems'' by Ai?
When did the ceremony celebrate?
Who do I love authors?
What did the comedian Steve Martin say for?
Who served as master of ceremonies at the dinner?
Who do Ha Jin love authors?
Who said, ``God bless Ha Jin, ``For all of you here who are liberated by the word''?
What did the comedian Steve Martin say that at first when he was asked to be the host of the event, he thought it was for?
Who do more than movie stars and rock stars and famous politicians and world leaders Ha Jin love?
Who remembered calling up Wally Lamb?
What was host Oprah Winfrey?
Who was ``Embracing Defeat: Japan in the Wake of World War II'' by John W. Dower?
Who was the National Book Foundation?
Who was Frank McCourt's best selling memoir?
What did Zachary Beaver Came to Town, , win?
What is he a professor of at Emory University?
Who said, ``God bless you, ``For all of you here who are liberated by the word''?
What did host Oprah Winfrey receive a 50th Anniversary Medal from?
What did a novel win the National Book Award for fiction Wednesday night _ ``Waiting''?
What did I think it would be?
What did the comedian Steve Martin think tonight would be?
What was the National Book Foundation the sponsor of?
Who receive a $10,000 cash award and crystal sculpture?
What did the Foundation say it received from a record number of imprints despite mergers in the publishing industry?
Who is Ha Jin?
What did the comedian Steve Martin think?
Where did Ha Jin come in 1985?
What did the Foundation say it received nominations from despite mergers in the publishing industry?
What was the ceremony held at the Marriott Marquis Hotel in?
What did the Foundation say from despite mergers in the publishing industry?
What went to the dramatic monologues about urban life in ``Vice: New and Selected Poems'' by Ai?
What did the comedian Steve Martin say that at first when he was asked to be the host of the event, he thought the dinner was for?
Who thought it would be a good way to troll for intellectuals?
Who said that at first when he was asked to be the host of the event, he thought it was for the National Basketball Association?
Who was Ha Jin?
What did the poetry prize go to the dramatic monologues about urban life in ``Vice: New and Selected Poems'' by?
Who since then being chosen for the club has been almost a guarantee that a book will be a best seller?
What do winners in each category receive?
Who said it received nominations from a record number of imprints despite mergers in the publishing industry?
Who said that at first when he was asked to be the host of the event, he thought the dinner was for the National Basketball Association?
What was the winner for nonfiction by John W. Dower?
Who founded her book blub in 1996?
Who was a powerful figure in the book world because of Oprah's Book Club?
How many stars and rock stars and famous politicians and world leaders do I love authors?
When did Ha Jin serve in the People's Liberation Army of his native China?
Who was author of ``host Oprah Winfrey's Come Undone,'' whose novel was one of her selections?
What was Wally Lamb?
Who was doing his laundry?
Who is a professor of English at Emory University?
What won the National Book Award for fiction Wednesday night NEW YORK _ ``Waiting''?
Whose Ashes was Frank McCourt's best selling memoir?
Who is he?
What were two of the industry's biggest books this year?
Who thought tonight would be a good way to troll for intellectuals?
What did I think would be a good way to troll for intellectuals?
Who do Ha Jin love because in the beginning was the word?
What was he doing?
Who said?
Who received a 50th Anniversary Medal from the foundation?
What was the ceremony held at in Manhattan?
Who did Ms. Winfrey remember calling up?
Who was asked to be the host of the event?
What did host Oprah Winfrey receive from the foundation?
What did the comedian Steve Martin say that at first when he was asked to be the host of the event, he thought for?
Who won the award for young people?
Whose best selling memoir was Angela's Ashes?
What celebrated the 50th anniversary of the National Book Foundation?
Who more than movie stars and rock stars and famous politicians and world leaders love authors?
What did the poetry prize go to the dramatic monologues about urban life in by Ai?
Who love authors because in the beginning was the word?
What did the Foundation say the industry received nominations from despite mergers in the publishing industry?
What is Ha Jin a professor of at Emory University?
What was the sponsor of the awards?
What was Angela's Ashes?
Who is a coming-of-age story about a 13-year-old boy who is obese?
Where was the ceremony held at the Marriott Marquis Hotel?
When did Ms. Winfrey found her book blub?
Who said the industry received nominations from a record number of imprints despite mergers in the publishing industry?
What did Ha Jin serve for six years in?
What did Ha Jin come to in 1985?
Who said it was a revelation?
Who do more than movie stars and rock stars and famous politicians and world leaders I love?
Who loves authors because in the beginning was the word?
What has Ms. Winfrey since then being chosen for the club been?
What was Ha Jin the author of?
How many stars and rock stars and famous politicians and world leaders do Ha Jin love authors?
What did the Foundation say the industry received nominations from a record number of imprints despite?
What did the Foundation say it received nominations from a record number of imprints despite?
What did a novel win the National Book Award for fiction Wednesday night NEW YORK _ ?
What did Ms. Winfrey say was a revelation?
What is Kimberly Willis Holt?
Who was the author of ``Waiting,'' which is published by Pantheon Books?
When did the comedian Steve Martin think would be a good way to troll for intellectuals?
What did Ms. Winfrey found in 1996?
Who served for six years in the People's Liberation Army of his native China?
What did I think?
Who was author of ``She's Come Undone,'' whose novel was one of her selections?
What was ` Tis?
What did the Foundation say received nominations from a record number of imprints despite mergers in the publishing industry?
What did the Foundation say the industry received from a record number of imprints despite mergers in the publishing industry?
Who is Kimberly Willis Holt a coming-of-age story about?
What was the sequel to Frank McCourt's best selling memoir?
What did the comedian Steve Martin serve as master of ceremonies at?
Who did the comedian Steve Martin serve as at the dinner?
What was held at the Marriott Marquis Hotel in Manhattan?
Who pointed out that the list _ based on position?
What do I think?
What does Sherry Lansing's in there?
Who said, ``last month's not just Sherry Lansing anymore''?
How many women single-handedly running motion picture studios did the Reporter note that Lansing and Snider are?
Who did Tierney say he expects more upward movement among?
What did Tierney point out that the list _ based on?
What do Randy Tierney think?
Who added, ``The numbers are still very low in some areas so I think you 're going to see more openings''?
What did he add, ``The numbers are still very low in some areas so I think''?
What did the Reporter note?
What was Winfrey chairwoman of?
Who did Tierney say among?
Who was Snider?
Who should lead to more opportunities for women in directing?
Who did the Reporter note that Lansing and Snider are?
What was the Hollywood Reporter's ranking last year compiled annually as?
Who has popularized the concept of co-financing many of its big-budget films under Lansing's reign?
What do Randy Tierney think you 're going to see?
What did the Reporter name Universal Pictures Chairwoman Stacey Snider as No. 2 on?
Who explained, ``Power 50's not as if Oprah is not hugely successful''?
What did Lansing finish?
Who was chairwoman of Chicago-based Harpo Entertainment Group?
What do I think you 're going to see?
Who did Tierney say expects more upward movement among female executives?
What should female executives lead to in writing?
When has Paramount popularized the concept of co-financing many of Lansing's reign's big-budget films?
What is Sherry Lansing chairwoman of?
What was Lucy Fisher vice chairwoman of?
Who was special issues editorial director at The Reporter?
What was the studio ending?
Who explained, ``the dynamics have changed''?
Who is chairwoman of Paramount's motion picture group since 1992?
What was Randy Tierney?
Who did the Reporter name as No. 2 on its list?
Who ranks sixth in domestic box office with ``Big Daddy'' as the only hit?
Who do Randy Tierney think 're going to see more openings?
Who finished fourth?
Who was Lucy Fisher?
When has any other woman in film and Sherry Lansing's studio had?
What should female executives lead to in directing?
Who should lead to more opportunities for women in acting?
Who noted that Lansing and Snider are the only two women single-handedly running motion picture studios?
Who was a three-year veteran of Universal who was ranked 19th last year?
Who is Sherry Lansing?
Who noted, ``There's a lot of instant power in being the head of a studio''?
Who does Sony rank sixth in domestic box office with?
Whose motion picture group since 1992 is Sherry Lansing chairwoman of?
Who's in great control there?
When has Paramount popularized the concept of co-financing many of its big-budget films?
What did Tierney point out on?
Who explained, ``It's not as if Oprah is not hugely successful''?
Who was vice chairwoman of Columbia Tri-Star Motion Picture Group, and Amy Pascal?
Who did Winfrey also see Universal Pictures Chairwoman Stacey Snider's ranking fall due to a below-expectations performance by?
When has any other woman in film and her studio had?
What has high hopes for the soon-to-be-released ``Stuart Little''?
Who thinks you 're going to see more openings?
Who named Universal Pictures Chairwoman Stacey Snider as No. 2 on its list?
Who has Sherry Lansing replaced Oprah Winfrey as?
What was ending its long box office slump with ``The Mummy,'' ``Notting Hill'' and ``American Pie''?
Who did Winfrey also see her ranking fall due to a below-expectations performance by?
What does it have?
What does Sony rank sixth in with ``Big Daddy'' as the only hit?
Where did Tierney point out that the list _ based?
Who said, ``Sherry has more green-light power than any other woman in film and her studio has had a pretty good year''?
What finished second in The Hollywood Reporter's ranking last year issue?
What was compiled annually as part of a ``Women in Entertainment: Power 50''?
What looks as if the business has been opting for the best person because there's definitely been a lot of movement that has broken the inertia?
What has Paramount popularized under Lansing's reign?
What is the increased power among female executives?
What was Amy Pascal president of?
Who should lead to more opportunities for women in writing?
Who was Snider a three-year veteran of who was ranked 19th last year?
Who think you 're going to see more openings?
Who has Sherry Lansing replaced as the most powerful woman in the entertainment business?
Who has replaced Oprah Winfrey as the most powerful woman in the entertainment business?
Who was Amy Pascal?
What did the Reporter name Universal Pictures Chairwoman Stacey Snider as on its list?
Who said he expects more upward movement among female executives?
Who has had a pretty good year?
Who said, ``It's not just Sherry Lansing anymore''?
Where did Tierney point out?
What does she's in there?
Who was president of Columbia Pictures?
What has Paramount popularized the concept of under Lansing's reign?
What should female executives lead to in acting?
What did Tierney say he expects among female executives?
When did Winfrey also see by ``Beloved,'' in which she starred, and a slight decline in the overall clout of the talk-show business?
Who was Winfrey?
Who assumed sole chairwomanship last month when Brian Mulligan departed?
Who said, ``Sherry has more green-light power than any other woman in film and Sherry Lansing's studio has had a pretty good year''?
Who has popularized the concept of co-financing many of Lansing's reign's big-budget films under Lansing's reign?
What is the key reason why Winfrey's ranking slid from first to 19th?
What did Randy Tierney add, ``The numbers are still very low in some areas so I think''?
Who do I think 're going to see more openings?
What is 1963: John F. Kennedy's assassination massively covered by?
What is the top-rated program on TV?
What helps Elton John's eulogy song top ``White Christmas'' as the all-time bestseller?
When becomes the first major breaking TV news tragedy?
What tops out at 35 million viewers with today's fragmented audience?
Who is a former Cincinnati mayor?
Who begin to respect TV's power?
What are the events deemed worthy of such coverage of much less significance than the murder of a president with?
What does it start?
What does it also eliminate the universal language of?
What does it help top ``White Christmas'' as the all-time bestseller?
What is blanket coverage now?
What does 1947 of baseball's World Series draw?
What does the average American family own?
What are of much less significance than the murder of a president with so many channels and so little news?
Who does the top-rated program on TV top out at with today's fragmented audience?
What does Geraldo Rivera's chair-throwing exhibitions precede?
What does 1947 of baseball's World Series overnight turn the sport into?''
What also eliminates the universal language of TV?
Who does a sweaty Nixon look pale and inexperienced next to?
Who takes her Chicago-based talk show national?
What is hardly a ratings blockbuster with few people able to afford a TV set?
What would diminish in the late '70s and early '80s?
When illustrates how the medium few believed in at first is now a trusted, ubiquitous presence?
When is massively covered by network television?
Who wannabes now everyone's speaking a different tongue: kids?
What does Martha Stewart wannabes now's speaking a different tongue: kids?
What does Oprah Winfrey take national?
Who does it help Elton John's eulogy song top ``White Christmas'' as?
What is ER?
What does 1947 of baseball's World Series overnight turn into ``America's pastime?''
What is blanket coverage now a staple of?
What does an alternative to network television also eliminate?
What do these open Live'' to delve into political satire?
What does the top-rated program on TV top out at 35 million viewers with?
Who have been trying to duplicate such dramatic suspense since then?
Who are Hispanics?
What does 1960: The televised presidential debate between Richard Nixon and John F. Kennedy illustrate the power of?
Who are blacks?
What does 1947 of baseball's World Series start?
What precedes an even sleazier profit-monger named Jerry Springer?
What is the event hardly a ratings blockbuster with?
Whose chair-throwing exhibitions precedes an even sleazier profit-monger named Jerry Springer?
What does 1980s: Cable slowly but successfully become?
What are the events deemed worthy of such coverage of with so many channels and so little news?
What does it also eliminate?
Whose eulogy song does it help top ``White Christmas'' as the all-time bestseller?
What does 1960: The televised presidential debate between Richard Nixon and John F. Kennedy illustrate?
Who is Jerry Springer?
What does the success of ``Donahue'' make?
What are kids?
What illustrates how the medium few believed in at first is now a trusted, ubiquitous presence?
What does Martha Stewart wannabes now everyone's speaking?
What is the event hardly with few people able to afford a TV set?
What overnight turns the sport into ``America's pastime?''
When has dipped again?
Who does 1997 help Elton John's eulogy song top ``White Christmas'' as?
What owns three TV sets?
What does it illustrate?
What does 1997 illustrate?
What does an alternative to network television also eliminate the universal language of?
What starts a run on TV sets?
When slowly but successfully becomes an alternative to network television?
How many TV sets does the average American family own?
When would Comedy diminish?
What open the door for variety shows such as ``Saturday Night Live'' to delve into political satire?
When helps Elton John's eulogy song top ``White Christmas'' as the all-time bestseller?
When illustrates the power of image?
Who watch as a sweaty Nixon looks pale and inexperienced next to the calm, good-looking Kennedy?
What makes room for Oprah Winfrey?
What is severely exploited?
What morphes into ``trash'' TV talk shows with hosts like Geraldo Rivera?
What does 1963: John F. Kennedy's assassination become?
Who are computer geeks?
Who are kids?
What does 1997 help top ``White Christmas'' as the all-time bestseller?
What is now a staple of television news?
What draws a large audience?
What do candidates begin to respect?
Whose eulogy song does 1997 help top ``White Christmas'' as the all-time bestseller?
What were never expected to supplant radio?
Who looks pale and inexperienced next to the calm, good-looking Kennedy?
What &QR; set in turn-of-the-century Appalachia, ``Gap Creek'''s been years since Edna O'Brien left Ireland for London?
Who is a major provider of software and services for the digital delivery of music over the Internet?
What traces the story of a sister, her brother and a love-hate relationship with a neighboring landowner?
What is Morgan also the author of?''
What does Terrence Chenge say this is?
What writes for the Atlanta Journal-Constitution?
Who do asp or go. borders. com/features \/?
What \/ thrillers\/grisham1?
What is this?
What does Terrence Chenge say is just another marketing tool?
What has the TV talk show host chosen?
Who is Robert Morgan?
Who is liquid Audio Inc.?
What does O'Brien return to in April with ``Wild Decembers''?
Who is Terrence Chenge?
What does irish eyes &qr; her homeland still has?
What traces the story of a sister, Robert Morgan's brother and a love-hate relationship with a neighboring landowner?
What the novel traces?
What does O'Brien return to fiction and the Irish landscape in April with?
Who will give a preview of the work during a free reading at 7 tonight at Emory University?
Who is Web producer for Random House?
Who is also the author of ``The Truest Pleasure'' and ``The Hinterlands?''
Who is Morgan?
What does something go terribly wrong on?
Whose homeland does irish eyes &qr; still has an irresistible attraction?
What does irish eyes &qr; still has an irresistible attraction?
What did Edna O'Brien leave Ireland for?
What is Doubleday?
Where does something go terribly wrong?
What goes terribly wrong on the outside?
Who left Ireland for London?
What is Doubleday part of?
Who is a 55-year-old poet who turned to fiction in 1984?
Who can read the second chapter and order copies of the book online?
What is the story of 17-year-old Judy Harmon malnutrition, poverty and other hardships?
Who says this is just another marketing tool?
What does &QR; E-mail: dobriantajc. com Don O'Briant write for?
What is published Feb. 1?
What is the first time Doubleday has released a preview using a digital download in conjunction with a print excerpt?
Who returns to fiction and the Irish landscape in April with ``Wild Decembers''?
What is turn-of-the-century Appalachia?
Who is the latest author to join Oprah Winfrey's exclusive circle?
Who is part of the Random House publishing empire?
What is Gap Creek?
Who has to deal with premature births and deaths?
What does irish eyes &qr;'s been years since Edna O'Brien left Ireland for London?
What does irish eyes &qr; Edna O'Brien's homeland still has?
What will O'Brien give a preview of the work during?
What &QR; her homeland still has an irresistible attraction?
Who has chosen Morgan's novel ``Gap Creek'' for her next book club discussion?
Who can get a sneak preview of the first two chapters online courtesy of the publisher and Liquid Audio?
When does irish eyes &qr; set in turn-of-the-century Appalachia, ``Gap Creek'''s been since Edna O'Brien left Ireland for London?
What is set in turn-of-the-century Appalachia?
What are getting rich until something goes terribly wrong on the outside?
What are www?
When does irish eyes &qr; It's been since Edna O'Brien left Ireland for London?
What can John Grisham fans who cannot wait until his new legal thriller is published Feb. 1 get?
Who is Morgan also?''
When does O'Brien return to fiction and the Irish landscape with ``Wild Decembers''?
What is liquid Audio Inc. a major provider of for the digital delivery of music over the Internet?
What did Edna O'Brien leave for London?
What will O'Brien give a preview of during a free reading at 7 tonight at Emory University?
What can you read?
Who the novel traces the story of?
What &QR; Edna O'Brien's homeland still has an irresistible attraction?
What will O'Brien give during a free reading at 7 tonight at Emory University?
What &QR; It's been years since Edna O'Brien left Ireland for London?
Who can be downloaded free?
When does Judy Harmon have to deal?
What \/ brethren?
What is set in turn-of-the-century Appalachia the story of?
When is his new legal thriller published?
What visit the Atlanta Hawks?
When do both sides have to resume the antitrust trial before U. S. District Court Judge Thomas Penfield Jackson in Washington?
What do GORE-BRADLEY _ The Democratic presidential hopefuls offer competing education plans proposing for?
Who HENRY by JOHN?
What does Bush turn briefly from his brawl with McCain to offer to the country a series of?
What are with Bill Bradley?
What does Clinton's visit to campaign for Rep. Ruben Hinojosa?
What does Bush turn briefly from Adds's brawl with McCain to offer to the country a series of?
What do the Houston Rockets visit?
Who are education plans with?
What do GLF-NELSON _ at?
Who to save for college for their children?
Who parents to save for college for?
What break as they visit the Atlanta Hawks?
Who visit the Atlanta Hawks?
Whose historic streak of 11 consecutive victories on the PGA Tour do GLF-NELSON _ A look back at?
What do GORE-BRADLEY _ for?
Whose historic streak of 11 consecutive victories on the PGA Tour do GLF-NELSON _ at?
What do both sides have a Feb. 22 date to resume the antitrust trial before?
What do both sides have a Feb. 22 date to resume before U. S. District Court Judge Thomas Penfield Jackson in Washington?
What _ The Houston Rockets play their final game before the NBA All-Star break as they visit the Atlanta Hawks?
What does Clinton's visit South Texas to?
What ROTH by PATTY?
What did REINERT and BENNETT roth by?
What do GLF-NELSON _ A look back at?
What do GLF-NELSON _ look back at Byron Nelson's historic streak of 11 consecutive victories on the PGA Tour?
What do they visit?
What do BKN-ROCKETS _ The Houston Rockets play before the NBA All-Star break as they visit the Atlanta Hawks?
What does Bush turn briefly from his brawl with McCain to offer to the country?
What did C. henry by?
What do BKN-ROCKETS _ play their final game before the NBA All-Star break as they visit the Atlanta Hawks?
What renews criticism of Senate Republicans for holding up his judicial appointments, including an El Paso lawyer who was nominated for the 5th Circuit Court of Appeals?
What GONZALEZ by CRAGG?
What break as the Houston Rockets visit the Atlanta Hawks?
What does Clinton's also speak at?
What is GOP-FORBES _ Steve Forbes dropping out of after spending $67 million on his second quest to win the Republican Party's nomination?
What _ A look back at Byron Nelson's historic streak of 11 consecutive victories on the PGA Tour?
What have a Feb. 22 date to resume the antitrust trial before U. S. District Court Judge Thomas Penfield Jackson in Washington?
What did HINES and JOHN gonzalez by?
What also speaks at Democratic National Committee gatherings in McAllen and Dallas?
Who is dropping out of the presidential race after spending $67 million on his second quest to win the Republican Party's nomination?
What visits South Texas to campaign for Rep. Ruben Hinojosa?
What parents to save for for their children?
Who was one who still has to take a back seat when it comes to visibility and sex appeal?
What is the nurturing concept?
Who embodies the technological prowess of IBM here on earth?
Who is she?
What's a nurturing concept?
What has no one achieved?
What is Oprah's name used in?
What teaches informed selflessness and enlightened selfishness?
Who is a national care giver, a national therapist and a philanthropist?
What is one moment women of?
What called ``What I Know for Sure''?
What does the magazine end with a brief coda called ``. . .?
What do certain actors who have become the voices and bodies of American industry and technology?
What does so very well?
What is this along the lines of People?
What would Tipper show under Oprah's influence?
What is an idea or way of life along the lines of People?
What has achieved Oprah's well-nigh superhuman status?
What are the articles in ``First Words'' about improving?
When is women of authority the next, jogging photographed shopping together?
Who got a father figure in Dick Cheney?
Whose voice does it need?
Who is already a business impresario and a media empress?
What does he embody the technological prowess of IBM here on?
Who appears too?
What is this not along the lines of Jane or the now-defunct Mirabella?
What is this not a magazine title along?
What is it along the lines of People?
What could Oprah add chipper gentility to?
Who is life like?
Who is ready for pleasure: ``Enjoy Yourself'' with fashion, health and beauty ideas?
What could Tipper set for men across the country who may one day find Graham?
Who was one who supplies George W. Bush with authority and stability?
What is not a magazine title along the lines of Jane or the now-defunct Mirabella?
What does the next, jogging make?
Who do I wish fully understood why certain African-Americans take on a cultural value that is nearly godlike but does not transcend race?
What would Tipper show a touch of girlish soulfulness under?
What did a spiritual anecdote call?
Who would appeal greatly to all those unmarried couples who become inadmissible evidence whenever politicians start testifying about family values?
Who would get a sister with a touch of the mother in Oprah Winfrey?
Who do Tipper wish fully understood why certain African-Americans take on a cultural value that is nearly godlike but does not transcend race?
What do Tipper wish on?
What adaptes?
What makes speeches?
What was Dick Cheney?
What invite there to?
What invite me to?
What is used in a queenly manner?
What's like what architects or designers do when they take old materials and arrange them differently: keep the comforting associations of the past?
What does the magazine end with ``. . . and More'' which beautifully recapitulates the themes of Oprah's ministry and marketing genius?
What are you ready for?
What should not be minimized either?
What do bestowing gifts on Ruby Dee's television audiences _ on all her fans Oprah is a real-life extension of this fantasy?
Who is Princess of Wales?
Who commands a space station on ``Deep Space 9''?
What comes ``Live Your Best Life'' with an inward focus: how to meditate?
Who is Ruby Dee already?
What is the current issue laid out like?
Who is one moment?
What called ``What there Know for Sure''?
Whose name is used in a queenly manner?
What could Oprah add to her repertory?
What ends with a brief coda called ``. . . and More'' which beautifully recapitulates the themes of Oprah's ministry and marketing genius?
What does he embody the technological prowess of here on earth?
Who is Diana?
What do bestowing gifts on her television audiences _ on all her fans Oprah is a real-life extension of this fantasy?
Who did George W. Bush get?
What _ food, CDs, Palm Pilots _ and opportunities for self-enhancement and self-discipline on all her fans Oprah is a real-life extension of this fantasy?
What needs a woman's voice?
What would he appeal greatly to?
Who strives for and clearly has won?
Who do the show and the magazine invite to?
What would Tipper show a touch of under Oprah's influence?
Who is Ruby Dee?
Who is she already?
Who could set an example for men across the country who may one day find Graham?
What does it need?
Whose influence should not be minimized either?
Whose cook appears too?
When does then come: how to meditate?
Who was one who supplies him with authority and stability?
What would Tipper appeal greatly to?
What is this an idea or way of life along?
What is like Vogue; even a species?
What is this not?
Who could add chipper gentility to her repertory?
Who would Vice President Al Gore get?
Who wishes I fully understood why certain African-Americans take on a cultural value that is nearly godlike but does not transcend race?
What does the magazine teach informed?
What expands?
Who could Tipper set an example for?
What is general interest and celebrity magazines?
What does then come ``Live Your Best Life'' with an inward focus:?
What do I wish on?
Whose well-nigh superhuman status has no one achieved?
Who is Diana Princess of?
What is women's?
What does it's?
What does he command?
What works in reverse?
What does he embody here on earth?
What is it an idea or way of life along?
What is not a proper noun?
What do Oprah Winfrey and Colin Powell have?
What are about improving one's life in the world?
Who would show a touch of girlish soulfulness under Oprah's influence?
Who would give him an aura of spontaneity?
What could he set for men across the country who may one day find themselves?
What does the process work in?
Who do so do?
Who have this value?
Who wish I fully understood why certain African-Americans take on a cultural value that is nearly godlike but does not transcend race?
When do bestowing gifts on her television audiences _ food, CDs, Palm Pilots _ and opportunities for self-enhancement and self-discipline on all her fans Oprah is?
What is life insurance?
Who could he set an example for?
What is laid out like a four-step program?
Who could set an example for men across the country who may one day find themselves?
What do oh sure _ decorated garishly along the sides and windows with?
Who lives of the way?
What does she hope never to have cursed 9-to-5 desk job?
What oh _ decorated garishly along the sides and windows with large fruit and other Odwalla insignia?
What did Nicole join by?
Who used to employ Freedman as a baby sitter?
Who was she dynamic, ?
Who promptly proved she was not?
What did Freedman take?
Who says, ``I kind of admire the way she lives''?
What may people lack some of?
Who nursed it here from Colorado despite a crippling generator problem that meant the engine could not be restarted once it was turned off?
What does she say that proves?
What does Freedman prefer?
What does she follow a trail that almost defies orthodoxy in?
Who saw how Nicole had gone over the mountains?
What did she always say to?
Who says, ``I found myself riding 200 miles a week''?
What 'll Nicole try to put the pedal to at the Olympic race?
Who could live where the cost of living is lower?
Who says, ``It's risk and reward''?
What does Freedman attempt to explain to a visitor and to himself?
What would Nicole ride while they would drive on?
What did these seem no more than focused on her studies?
Who tried another approach so after her junior year?
What may lack some of the social graces?
What did she start?
What cautiously wonder when they applaud her resolve?
What did track seem?
What is a la Curious George?
What do Art Walker _ the track team's not an NCAA-sanctioned sport _ persuaded Dr. Amy Spooner to try?
What did Miller nurse this spot here from Colorado despite?
Who attempts to explain his daughter's decisions to a visitor and to himself?
What would Sally Jean Alexander write accounts of?
What still dangles on a makeshift branch from a window?
What is collegiate dishabille?
Who is Dr. Julie Damon?
Who did Nicole join _ by bike?
What will end after the Olympics?
What did she want for another?
When did Dr. Amy Spooner try another approach?
Who 'll embody the ultimate contradiction in her life?
What does a papier-mache monkey that took her a half-year to create in high school still dangle on from a window?
When is Nicole living _ the Olympic race?
Who can know what they 're really thinking?
What seemed no more than extracurricular activities as Freedman focused on her studies?
Who says, ``Nicole was competitive in a good way''?
What does a train regularly traverse the tracks in?
Whose unique interpretation of the American dream is this?
Who says that proves I 'm a runner?
What's because of the way she lives?
What did she want a more intensive athletic challenge for?
What 'll she have go at it?
Who is living for the ultimate moment _ the Olympic race?
What did she get to?
Whose decisions does he attempt to explain to a visitor and to himself?
Who's the reason people go into coaching?
Who follows a trail that almost defies orthodoxy in the meantime?
Who says, ``I decided to do what I wanted to do''?
What 'll Nicole try to put the pedal to the medal in what would truly be an amazing acccomplishment at?
What are more family-oriented?
What did Dr. Amy Spooner want for another?
Who did she become with the Wayfarers?
Who 'd start out earlier?
Who says, ``It's a cardboard box''?
What did I do?
Who enables her to share indoor privileges with four fellow transients in a house that is decorated in what best could be described as collegiate dishabille?
What 'll she good-naturedly point out from?
What did her parents discover her addiction almost by?
Who did Dr. Amy Spooner promptly prove was not?
What did Nicole join them _ by?
Who says, ``the ultimate moment's risk and reward''?
Whose mother says, ``She always enjoyed the limelight''?
What did Dr. Amy Spooner's parents discover her addiction almost by?
What did I see over?
What did I fall dead on?
What does it's just from?
What does Dr. Amy Spooner's?
What did she continue to compete in?
Who did they visit in Los Angeles?
What will Peggy Kriss accompany Dr. Julie Damon's husband to for the road race?
Who 'd always be there to meet 40 miles when they arrived?
What does she's lighthearted about?
What visited Corey's relatives in Los Angeles?
Who became an itinerant track apprentice with the Wayfarers?
What did Nicole take in the publicity?
What does she devote all her energies to?
What does it's just that Marvin and Corey Freedman never envisioned coming from this?
What 'll Nicole try to put pedal to the medal in what would truly be an amazing acccomplishment at the Olympic race?
What will her temporary move indoors end after?
What may people lack?
Who intends to settle there because it's more rural?
Who does she enable to share indoor privileges with four fellow transients in a house that is decorated in what best could be described as collegiate dishabille?
What does she live?
Who sacrifices by subletting?
Who do Art Walker _ the track team's not an NCAA-sanctioned sport _ persuaded to try competition?
What is this?
Who did I find special about?
What will Peggy Kriss accompany her husband to Sydney for?
What is she on now as she devotes all her energies to Olympic preparations?
Who would write accounts of Wayfarers races for various local newspapers?
Who 'll try to put the pedal to the medal in what would truly be an amazing acccomplishment at the Olympic race?
What regularly traverses the tracks in the shadow of the neighborhood?
What do Art Walker _ it's not _ persuaded her to try competition?
What could she hate every minute of?
Who _ the track team's not an NCAA-sanctioned sport _ persuaded Dr. Amy Spooner to try competition?
What does Freedman say, ``I decided to do''?
Who _ who thought she would proceed directly from college into a career?
What did Dr. Amy Spooner's parents discover almost by accident?
What does Freedman eschew many of her friends _ now doctors and lawyers and teachers _ have followed?
Whose parents discovered her addiction almost by accident?
Who 'll have a go at it?
Who felt like running?
Who did she promptly prove was not?
Where did they visit Corey's relatives?
Who did &QL;--------- &QC; &ql; with?
Who says, ``She's the only one in the family who's competitive''?
Who will accompany her husband to Sydney for the road race?
What does she hope never to have a cursed?
Who says, ``She found MIT boring''?
What did &QL;--------- &QC; &ql; Even when she became an itinerant track apprentice with the Wayfarers, her parents thought?
What is Art Walker coach of?
What does Corey add, ``We did not realize?''
What's more rural?
What did Dr. Amy Spooner discover?
What do Art Walker _'s not an NCAA-sanctioned sport _ persuaded Dr. Amy Spooner to try competition?
What did Dr. Amy Spooner play?
What did Dr. Amy Spooner continue to compete in?
What does Schwab say, ``I definitely think''?
Who intends to settle there because Western Massachusetts's more rural?
What 'll she have a go at?
What does Marvin Freedman say, ``I think there's something about this competitiveness'', ``I think''?
What played tennis?
What did &QL;--------- &QC; &ql; Even when she became an itinerant track apprentice with the Wayfarers, her parents thought were a diversion?
What did Miller nurse here from Colorado despite a crippling generator problem that meant the engine could not be restarted once it was turned off?
What did that continue in?
What do her parents _ from?
What 'll she try to put the pedal to at the Olympic race?
What is this Freedman's unique interpretation of?
What does she live of?
What does it's?
Who can you know?
Who does she say that proves I 'm?
Who did what I 'm best at?
When I saw over what was I amazed?
What does she's?
What did Dr. Amy Spooner want to pursue liberal arts for?
What did Miller nurse this spot here from despite a crippling generator problem that meant the engine could not be restarted once it was turned off?
Whose husband was Cliff Pollan?
Who fell dead on the track?
What did that play?
Who needs her sleep?
What did they visit Corey's relatives in?
Who will accompany Dr. Julie Damon's husband to Sydney for the road race?
Who will Peggy Kriss accompany to Sydney for the road race?
What did her parents discover almost by accident?
Who exceled in events ranging from the 100-yard dash to the 2-mile?
Who can know your neighbors?
Who does Freedman eschew these familiar niceties and the career track _ now doctors and lawyers and teachers _ have followed?
Who nursed this spot here from Colorado despite a crippling generator problem that meant the engine could not be restarted once it was turned off?
Who started biking?
Who does it's get-poor-slow guess for me?
What does former Wellesley High track coach Mickey Walsh say, ``She was probably the best all-around athlete''?
Who was Dr. Amy Spooner dynamic, ?
Who was her husband?
What is unused in the nine-room, four-bedroom family home in Wellesley?
Who 'd always be there to meet them when they arrived?
Who did she become an itinerant track apprentice with?
What will Peggy Kriss accompany Dr. Julie Damon's husband to Sydney for?
What is most everything about her geared toward?
What did she discover?
What does Marvin Freedman say, ``I think'', ``I think there's something about this competitiveness''?
Who devotes all her energies to Olympic preparations?
What did Nicole take great pleasure in?
If you 're long-suffering enough, who as is?
What did Dr. Julie Damon always say she wanted to go to?
Who is coach of the Stanford club team?
What does a train regularly traverse in the shadow of the neighborhood?
What does she need?
Who _ it's not an NCAA-sanctioned sport _ persuaded her to try competition?
What prefers to settle into a career connected with women's sports that will enable her to get out and about?
What did these seem no more than focused on Dr. Amy Spooner's studies?
What does she enable her to share with four fellow transients in a house that is decorated in what best could be described as collegiate dishabille?
Who does it's get-poor-slow I guess for?
What does she devote to Olympic preparations?
Where will Peggy Kriss accompany her husband for the road race?
Who says, ``I think there's something about this competitiveness'', ``I think there's something about this competitiveness''?
Who was dynamic, a great kid with a great sense of humor?
Who joined them _ by bike?
Where will Peggy Kriss accompany Dr. Julie Damon's husband for the road race?
Who does?
What did she discover that MIT was?
What does a train sound?
What did she promptly prove?
Who says at the Division 1 level in track, ``I was thoroughly mediocre''?
What does a prefer to settle into?
Who lives this way because she believes it facilitates her cycling?
Who discovered her addiction almost by accident?
Who does Freedman eschew these familiar niceties and the career track?
Who would ride while they would drive on excursions to the beach during their stay?
Who is Art Walker?
When does it's futile trying to get much in the driveway because a train regularly traverses the tracks in the shadow of the neighborhood and sounds its horn?
What's just that Marvin and Corey Freedman never envisioned such all-encompassing enjoyment coming from this?
What is geared toward cycling?
Who always said she wanted to go to the Olympics?
Who continued to compete in track?
Who does she enable her to share indoor privileges with?
Who says, ``some of the social graces's a cardboard box''?
Who was Cliff Pollan?
What does she live this way because she believes?
What 'll she embody?
Whose decisions does Freedman attempt to explain to a visitor and to himself?
What did she want to pursue liberal arts for?
Who captained the track team?
What 'll she try to put pedal to the medal in what would truly be an amazing acccomplishment at the Olympic race?
Who took a major detour?
Who says, ``I definitely think she enjoys the underdog role''?
Who has Dr. Amy Spooner known since second grade?
When I saw how Nicole had gone over the mountains who was amazed?
Who does Freedman eschew these familiar niceties and the career track many of her friends _ now _ have followed?
What was turned off?
Whose husband will Peggy Kriss accompany to Sydney for the road race?
What do Art Walker _ it's not?
Who do Art Walker _ it's not an NCAA-sanctioned sport _ persuaded to try competition?
Who is on hiatus now as she devotes all her energies to Olympic preparations?
What is Freedman's room?
What do her footwork involved?
Who wanted a more intensive athletic challenge for another?
What do Dr. Amy Spooner footwork involved?
Who visited Corey's relatives in Los Angeles?
What did Dr. Amy Spooner discover that MIT was?
What did Dr. Amy Spooner want a more intensive athletic challenge for?
What did Miller nurse it here from Colorado despite?
Who works part time for an on-line women's sports company?
What do oh sure _ decorated garishly along with large fruit and other Odwalla insignia?
Who did Dr. Julie Damon always say wanted to go to the Olympics?
Who took great pleasure in the publicity?
What seemed no more than extracurricular activities as Freedman focused on Dr. Amy Spooner's studies?
Who hopes never to have a cursed 9-to-5 desk job?
What continued in high school?
What did &QL;--------- &QC; &ql; Even when she became an itinerant track apprentice with the Wayfarers, her parents thought sports were?
What did these seem no more than extracurricular activities as Freedman focused on?
What does Freedman eschew these familiar niceties and the career track many of her friends _ now?
Whose studies did these seem no more than extracurricular activities as Freedman focused on?
Who says, ``she was competitive in a good way''?
What's get-poor-slow I guess for me?
What was her temporary move indoors planned with in mind?
What did Dr. Julie Damon always say to?
Who prefers New England?
What was her temporary move indoors planned with Sydney in?
Who discovered that MIT was not the best for her?
Who was hooked?
What did Freedman captain?
What do Art Walker _ the track team's not _ persuaded Dr. Amy Spooner to try competition?
What is the major furniture being five bikes hanging from a wall in the foyer?
What did Dr. Amy Spooner get to?
What was thus born?
What did Nicole join _ by bike?
What do Art Walker _?
What does she follow in the meantime?
What would Sally Jean Alexander write?
Who is the window?
Who was Dr. Julie Damon's husband?
Who felt like running 40 miles?
When does she work?
What does she hope never to have?
What was planned with Sydney in mind?
Who says, ``She was probably the best all-around athlete I ever had''?
Who did she always say wanted to go to the Olympics?
What did Dr. Amy Spooner try so after her junior year?
What do Art Walker _ it's not an NCAA-sanctioned sport _ persuaded her to try?
What did Miller nurse it here from despite a crippling generator problem that meant the engine could not be restarted once it was turned off?
What did Dr. Amy Spooner promptly prove?
What may they lack?
What's no joke?
What is Freedman's unique interpretation of the American dream?
What does she say proves I 'm a runner?
What was born an obsession?
Who got to MIT?
What can you know?
What seemed her athletic destiny?
Who has known Freedman since second grade?
Who is a Freedman friend since sixth grade?
Who footwork involved pedals?
What 'll she try to put the pedal to the medal in what would truly be an amazing acccomplishment at?
What may they lack some of?
Who says, ``I did not do any after that''?
What's get-rich-quick, ``For them''?
What 'll Nicole embody?
What do Art Walker _ the track team's not?
What would drive?
Who wanted to pursue liberal arts for one thing?
Who did Peggy Kriss use to employ as a baby sitter?
What &QL; Even when she became an itinerant track apprentice with the Wayfarers, her parents thought sports were a diversion?
What's get-rich-quick, ``For people''?
Who did I say to, ` See?
Who said to myself, ` See?
Who would drive?
When could she hate?
What regards as imperative?
What do Art Walker _'s not an NCAA-sanctioned sport _ persuaded her to try competition?
Who was not surprised when she won the trials because what she does is amazing?
Who says, ``She always enjoyed the limelight''?
What sounds its horn?
Whose relatives did they visit in Los Angeles?
Who eschews these familiar niceties and the career track many of her friends _ now doctors and lawyers and teachers _ have followed?
Who played basketball?
Whose room is unused in the nine-room, four-bedroom family home in Wellesley?
Who does she say that proves 'm a runner?
Who could hate every minute of it?
What did she always say she wanted to go to?
What did Dr. Amy Spooner want to pursue for one thing?
Who did Peggy Kriss use to employ Freedman as?
What does the whole thing's?
Who adds, ``We did not realize she was this competitive?''
Who did &QL;--------- &QC; &ql; Even when she became an itinerant track apprentice with the Wayfarers, thought sports were a diversion?
What did she play?
What does a papier-mache monkey that took her a half-year to create in high school still dangle on a makeshift branch from?
Who's lighthearted about the whole thing?
What did she try so after her junior year?
Who may lack some of the social graces?
What did Freedman excel in?
What has Dr. Amy Spooner known Freedman since?
Who found special about her?
What will Peggy Kriss accompany her husband to for the road race?
What did she want to pursue for one thing?
What does he attempt to explain to a visitor and to himself?
When did she try another approach?
What has Nostalgia for a politician who left conservatives pushing for a statue of former President Ronald Reagan with the biggest deficits in history not yet set in?
Whose credibility do Bush aides question Gore pays for a similar drug used by the vice president's ailing dog?
What is North Hills?
What do Gore presses CAMPAIGN-ROUNDUP _ George W. Bush's populist challenge in North Hills demanding that the health insurance industry safeguard?
What has not yet set in _?
What is the city?
What is Sens. John McCain?
Who is Robert Shapiro?
What do Bush aides question Gore's credibility Gore pays for?
What do Gore presses CAMPAIGN-ROUNDUP _ George W. Bush's populist challenge in North Hills demanding?
What did A. dloouhy by?
Who is an under secretary of commerce?
What is this?
Whose medical records do Gore presses his populist challenge in North Hills demanding that the health insurance industry safeguard the privacy of?
What does MEANS-COLUMN _ Federal law forbid until the person to be honored has been dead for a quarter century?
When has the person to be honored been dead?
What do Bush aides question Gore's credibility for?
What do Bush aides question Gore pays for a similar drug used by his ailing dog?
Who are premature?
When did Al Gore do?
What do Gore presses his populist challenge in North Hills demanding?
What was stalled in Congress earlier this year?
Where do Gore presses CAMPAIGN-ROUNDUP _ George W. Bush's populist challenge demanding that the health insurance industry safeguard the privacy of patients ' medical records?
When was soft money stalled in Congress?
Who joins Sens. John McCain?
What does &LR; &ql; CAMPAIGN-ROUNDUP _ George W. Bush courts women voters by appearing on the Oprah Winfrey show as Al Gore did last week?
When does Robert Shapiro say comes despite rising distrust of government and strong attacks on the Census Bureau's methodology?
Who do Bush aides question Gore's credibility pays for a similar drug used by the vice president's ailing dog?
What would ban the unregulated funds?
Who question Gore's credibility Gore pays for a similar drug used by his ailing dog?
Who says the 67 percent response rate comes despite rising distrust of government and strong attacks on the Census Bureau's methodology?
Who say they are focusing on the next Congress?
Whose medical records do Gore presses CAMPAIGN-ROUNDUP _ George W. Bush's populist challenge in North Hills demanding that the health insurance industry safeguard the privacy of?
What did the McCain-Feingold campaign finance bill call?
What was soft money stalled in earlier this year?
What do advocates say are focusing on the next Congress?
What is scheduled to brief reporters after meeting with New York state lawmakers on Capitol Hill?
Who does &LR; &ql; POLITICAL NEWS on?
Who has been dead for a quarter century?
What does Gore's credibility urge the vice president to explain Al Gore's claim in Florida for?
What &QL; POLITICAL NEWS CAMPAIGN-ROUNDUP _ George W. Bush courts women voters by appearing on the Oprah Winfrey show as Al Gore did last week?
Who did M. powell by?
What do Gore presses his populist challenge in demanding that the health insurance industry safeguard the privacy of patients ' medical records?
Who is R-Ariz?
Who does CAMPAIGN FINANCE _ Minnesota Gov. Jesse Ventura join?
What do advocates say on?
What do Gore presses CAMPAIGN-ROUNDUP _ George W. Bush's populist challenge in demanding that the health insurance industry safeguard the privacy of patients ' medical records?
What is Calif.?
What do Gore presses his populist challenge in North Hills demanding that the health insurance industry safeguard?
What called soft money?
What do advocates say they are focusing on?
What forbids the construction of any memorial in the nation's capital until the person to be honored has been dead for a quarter century?
What does MEANS-COLUMN _ Federal law forbid the construction of until the person to be honored has been dead for a quarter century?
What challenge in North Hills demanding that the health insurance industry safeguard the privacy of patients ' medical records?
What has Nostalgia for a politician who left us with the biggest deficits in history not yet set in?
Who do Bush aides question Gore's credibility pays for a similar drug used by his ailing dog?
What is awash in monuments?
What DLOUHY by JENNIFER?
What may never do so?
Who do advocates say are focusing on the next Congress?
What does Robert Shapiro say the 67 percent response rate comes despite?
What DLOOUHY by JENNIFER?
Who does &LR; &ql; POLITICAL NEWS courts women voters by appearing on the Oprah Winfrey show as Al Gore did last week?
What do Bush aides question Gore pays for a similar drug used by the vice president's ailing dog?
Whose credibility do Bush aides question Gore pays for a similar drug used by his ailing dog?
Where do Gore presses his populist challenge demanding that the health insurance industry safeguard the privacy of patients ' medical records?
What do Gore presses his populist challenge in North Hills demanding that the health insurance industry safeguard the privacy of?
What did A. dlouhy by?
Who question Gore's credibility Gore pays for a similar drug used by the vice president's ailing dog?
Who does &LR; &ql; POLITICAL NEWS CAMPAIGN-ROUNDUP _ George W. Bush courts by appearing on the Oprah Winfrey show as Al Gore did last week?
What do Gore presses CAMPAIGN-ROUNDUP _ George W. Bush's populist challenge in North Hills demanding that the health insurance industry safeguard the privacy of?
What is a good rule?
What would the McCain-Feingold campaign finance bill ban?
Who did last week?
What POWELL by STEWART?
Who is Robert Shapiro an under secretary of?
What does Gore's credibility urge the vice president to explain his claim in Florida for?
What did Gore say they would ask for a voluntary ``cease- fire'' in marketing inappropriate movies, video games and music to children?
Who said, ``What we are calling for in this case is industry self- restraint and self-regulation''?
Who reacted to a new Federal Trade Commission report criticizing Hollywood for targeting children with violent products?
Who is scheduled to appear on September 19 on Winfrey's show?
Who said that if the entertainment industry does not change its practice in the six months, it could be found guilty of false advertising?
When was WASHINGTON?
What are we calling for in?
What appeared on a TV talk show Monday in a bid to attract more women's votes in the November election?
When did WASHINGTON appear on a TV talk show in a bid to attract more women's votes in the November election?
What showed that Gore has opened up an 18-point lead among women?
Who does Winfrey's show reach weekly?
What was censorship?
What did Bush hold about?
How many viewers does Winfrey's show reach weekly?
What did a recent poll show?
What did WASHINGTON appear on a TV talk show Monday in?
Who are calling for in this case?
What was September 11-- U. S. Democratic presidential candidate Al Gore?
What did he say that if the entertainment industry does not change its practice in the six months, it could be found?
Who held about a 20-point lead among men?
What did Gore say they would ask the entertainment industry for ``cease- fire'' in marketing inappropriate movies, video games and music to children?
Who answered when he was asked by the talk show host why she should vote for him, ``I know something about the job of president''?
What did Gore say they would ask the entertainment industry for a voluntary ``cease?
Who is Gore?
What did Al Gore say that if the entertainment industry does not change its practice in the six months, it could be found?
What did Al Gore say that if the entertainment industry does not change its practice in the six months, it could be found guilty of?
Who is the first politician invited to the television stage of Oprah Winfrey in Chicago?
Who did Gore say would ask the entertainment industry for a voluntary ``cease- fire'' in marketing inappropriate movies, video games and music to children?
Who said they would ask the entertainment industry for a voluntary ``cease- fire'' in marketing inappropriate movies, video games and music to children?
What did Gore react to?
What reaches 22 million viewers weekly?
Whose show reaches 22 million viewers weekly?
What was restraint and self-regulation?
What did he say that if the entertainment industry does not change its practice in the six months, it could be found guilty of?
What are Al Gore calling for in?
What did Gore say for?
What did Gore say would ask the entertainment industry for a voluntary ``cease- fire'' in marketing inappropriate movies, video games and music to children?
What did Gore say on?
When did he say?
What did a recent poll show that Gore has opened up?
When did Al Gore say?
What did WASHINGTON appear on Monday in a bid to attract more women's votes in the November election?
