Who said the ocean's deepest waters are capable of suspending history in time?
What did B. C. Stager say?
What were incense offerings made at?
Who was crockery found aboard?
What did Stager say desperate sailors might also have used stands during the violent storm that sank the boats?
Who uncovered the Phoenician vessels about 30 miles off Israel with the aid of an underwater robot, deep-water tracking equipment and a global positioning satellite?
What do two other ship wrecks found in recent years date to?
Who said, ``Human history lost in the high seas is waiting to be discovered''?
What did Stager say that fish stew would have been a typical meal for?
What did Stager say were probably part of a fleet of cargo ships on consignment?
What did Ballard say he hopes to find along the same path?
What can sunlight not reach at?
Who said the fact that they sank straight to the bottom and were located within two miles of each other indicated they sank in a storm?
What had discovered only modern ruins?
What were the world's oldest known deep-water sea wrecks found in?
How many their ships has American explorer Robert Ballard located using the same techniques he used to find the Titanic?
Who did TEL AVIV pray to for a successful voyage-- only to meet death in a fierce tempest?
Who said the discovery of the pristine jugs ``was one of the ships ' contents's greatest moments?''
Who did Stager say he believed there were about on each ship?
What did Archaeologist Lawrence Stager say?''
Who did Stager say he believed about?
Who said the fact that both vessels sank straight to the bottom and were located within two miles of each other indicated they sank in a storm?
What were found?
What did Ballard uncover the Phoenician vessels about 30 miles off Israel with?
What prayed to their storm god for a successful voyage-- only to meet death in a fierce tempest?
What did TEL AVIV pray to the uncertain waters of the Mediterranean's storm god for a successful voyage-- only to meet in a fierce tempest?
What did Stager say for?
What did Ballard say along?
Who said the answer to many of history's mysteries could be found under the sea?
Who was Archaeologist Lawrence Stager?
What did TEL AVIV pray to for a successful voyage-- only to meet death in a fierce tempest?
What was sponsored by the National Geographic Society, the U. S. Office of Naval Research and an Israeli archaeological institute?
What was Ballard's expedition sponsored by?
What did Stager say during?
What did Ballard say the answer to many of history's mysteries could be found under?
What were filled with wine?
What had past deep-water expeditions discovered?
What did Ballard say the fact that they sank straight to the bottom and were located within two miles of each other indicated sank in a storm?
What was Ballard's expedition?
Who was based on the pots?
What were they found in?
How many other ship wrecks found in recent years date to around 1300 B. C. and 1200 B. C.?
What were made at the beginning and end of every voyage?
What did TEL AVIV sail more than 2,500 years ago into?
What do the ships ' contents indicate they set sail from the Phoenician port of Tyre around 750 B. C. Both vessels were transporting hundreds of?
Who has located the uncertain waters of the Mediterranean's two ships using the same techniques he used to find the Titanic?
What indicate they set sail from the Phoenician port of Tyre around 750 B. C. Both vessels were transporting hundreds of ceramic jugs?
Who do the ships ' contents indicate set sail from the Phoenician port of Tyre around 750 B. C. Both vessels were transporting hundreds of ceramic jugs?
What did Ballard say for?
What date to around 1300 B. C. and 1200 B. C.?
What did Stager say he believed there were about a half-dozen sailors on?
What did Ballard say indicated they sank in a storm?
What was he led to after a team looking for the Dakkar photographed what appeared to be the remains of an ancient shipwreck?
Whose expedition was sponsored by the National Geographic Society, the U. S. Office of Naval Research and an Israeli archaeological institute?
What was Israel-- Phoenician mariners?
Who did Stager say might also have used the incense stands during the violent storm that sank the boats?
What did Ballard say was not previously known as one traveled by Phoenicians?
What were they not in?
What was he led to the area after a team looking for the Dakkar photographed?
What did Ballard say under?
Who said the discovery of the pristine jugs ``was one of our greatest moments?''
What did Stager say the vessels were probably part of?
What was American explorer Robert Ballard led to the area after a team looking for the Dakkar photographed?
What photographed what appeared to be the remains of an ancient shipwreck?
What did Stager say that fish stew would have been for the crew?
What was TEL AVIV?
What cannot reach at the bitter cold deep-sea waters?
Who said the vessels were probably part of a fleet of cargo ships on consignment?
What did TEL AVIV pray to the uncertain waters of the Mediterranean's storm god for a successful voyage-- only to meet death in?
Who said the two vessels were the first intact Phoenician ships ever found, and will aid historians and archaeologists for an idea about Phoenician shipping?
What did Stager say desperate sailors might also have used during?
How many the uncertain waters of the Mediterranean's ships has American explorer Robert Ballard located using the same techniques he used to find the Titanic?
What were the world's oldest known deep-water sea wrecks not in?
What did Ballard say the fact that they sank straight to the bottom and were located within two miles of each other indicated they sank in?
How many vessels did Ballard say were the first intact Phoenician ships ever found, and will aid historians and archaeologists for an idea about Phoenician shipping?
What did TEL AVIV pray to their storm god for-- only to meet death in a fierce tempest?
How many other ship wrecks found in recent years are older than the Phoenician find?
What is approximately 60 feet long and the other measures 45 feet?
What was Stager based on?
What has American explorer Robert Ballard located using the same techniques he used to find the Titanic?
What do the ships ' contents indicate they set sail from the Phoenician port of Tyre around 750 B. C.?
What prayed to the uncertain waters of the Mediterranean's storm god for a successful voyage-- only to meet death in a fierce tempest?
What were discovered sitting upright on the ocean floor at a depth of about 1,500 feet?
Who were only modern ruins as?
What was American explorer Robert Ballard led to after a team looking for the Dakkar photographed what appeared to be the remains of an ancient shipwreck?
What do the ships ' contents indicate set sail from the Phoenician port of Tyre around 750 B. C. Both vessels were transporting hundreds of ceramic jugs?
Who was an Israeli submarine that sank 35 years ago?
What was Ballard propelled to by his 1985 discovery of the ocean liner Titanic?
Who noted that the expedition ship had just docked Tuesday night?
What did Ballard say as?
What has American explorer Robert Ballard located their two ships using?
What were found in shallower waters?
What did Ballard say the fact that both vessels sank straight to the bottom and were located within two miles of each other indicated in?
What was it?
Who said he believed there were about a half-dozen sailors on each ship?
Who has located their two ships using the same techniques he used to find the Titanic?
What was Ballard propelled to fame by?
Who said he hopes to find more ancient wrecks along the same path?
Who was one of several Harvard University scientists on Ballard's team?
What were not in as good condition?
What did Ballard uncover about 30 miles off Israel with the aid of an underwater robot, deep-water tracking equipment and a global positioning satellite?
What was the first time explorers have looked for archaeological ruins in deep water?
Whose expedition was the first time explorers have looked for archaeological ruins in deep water?
Who was a former Naval officer and oceanographer?
Who said?
What did Ballard uncover the Phoenician vessels off with the aid of an underwater robot, deep-water tracking equipment and a global positioning satellite?
What did TEL AVIV pray to their storm god for a successful voyage-- only to meet death in?
What did Ballard say the fact that both vessels sank straight to the bottom and were located within two miles of each other indicated they sank in?
Who was propelled to fame by his 1985 discovery of the ocean liner Titanic?
What do the ships ' contents indicate they set sail from Both vessels were transporting hundreds of ceramic jugs?
Who said the deep-sea route used by the two vessels was not previously known as one traveled by Phoenicians?
Who was Ballard?
What were called amphorae?
Who did Stager say believed there were about a half-dozen sailors on each ship?
What did TEL AVIV pray to their storm god for a successful voyage-- only to meet in a fierce tempest?
What was the Dakkar?
When did Ballard say?
What did TEL AVIV pray to the uncertain waters of the Mediterranean's storm god for-- only to meet death in a fierce tempest?
What did Ballard say are capable of suspending history in time?
What did Ballard say the fact that both vessels sank straight to the bottom and were located within two miles of each other indicated sank in a storm?
What did a team looking for the Dakkar photograph?
What did B. C. Stager say were preliminary?
What did B. C. Stager note?
How many feet long and the other measures 45 feet is one ship?
What did Stager say the vessels were probably?
What did Ballard say he hopes to find more ancient wrecks along?
What did Ballard say the fact that they sank straight to the bottom and were located within two miles of each other indicated in?
What did Ballard say were the first intact Phoenician ships ever found, and will aid historians and archaeologists for an idea about Phoenician shipping?
What were such as the Titanic?
Who did Ballard say the fact that they sank straight to the bottom and were located within two miles of each other indicated sank in a storm?
What has American explorer Robert Ballard located the uncertain waters of the Mediterranean's two ships using?
Where was American explorer Robert Ballard led after a team looking for the Dakkar photographed what appeared to be the remains of an ancient shipwreck?
What do the ships ' contents indicate they set sail from the Phoenician port of Tyre around 750 B. C. Both vessels were transporting?
Who did Ballard say hopes to find more ancient wrecks along the same path?
Who were found in shallower waters?
Who had to rely on classical texts and the Bible?
What do the ships ' contents indicate they set from the Phoenician port of Tyre around 750 B. C. Both vessels were transporting hundreds of ceramic jugs?
Who were not in as good condition?
Who did Ballard say the fact that both vessels sank straight to the bottom and were located within two miles of each other indicated sank in a storm?
Who said the findings were preliminary?
What did Ballard say the deep-sea route used by the two vessels was not previously known as?
What do the ships ' contents indicate they set sail from the Phoenician port of Tyre around 750 B. C. were transporting hundreds of ceramic jugs?
What were ceramic jugs filled with?
Who said that fish stew would have been a typical meal for the crew?
What is one ship?
Who told a news conference Wednesday?
What sailed more than 2,500 years ago into the uncertain waters of the Mediterranean?
When did B. C. Stager note that the expedition ship had just docked?
Who was Archaeologist Lawrence Stager one of?
What do the ships ' contents indicate from?
What did Stager say desperate sailors might also have used the incense stands during?
What did Ballard say could be found under the sea?
Where was he led after a team looking for the Dakkar photographed what appeared to be the remains of an ancient shipwreck?
Who said desperate sailors might also have used the incense stands during the violent storm that sank the boats?
What did historians and archaeologists have to rely on?
Who was led to the area after a team looking for the Dakkar photographed what appeared to be the remains of an ancient shipwreck?
What are older than the Phoenician find?
Who did Stager say about?
What is HALIFAX weighing a request by Lloyd's of to search the Swissair crash site for $300 million in diamonds and jewels reportedly aboard the plane?
What did the reports say plans to use a mini-submarine to seek the gems among the wreckage?
Who said the British firm has asked the Nova Scotia government for permission to hunt for the valuables?
What has Natural Resources Minister Ernie Fage said will make a decision on whether to allow the search in a couple of weeks?
What were unanswered?
What is Bill Estabrooks?
What did he say other relatives of the victims also opposed?
What may the stainless steel tube have disintegrated on?
Who did Fage say would not rule out allowing it?
Who added that he will consider concerns of family members?
What did the reports say the insurance company plans to use a mini-submarine to seek among the wreckage?
What crashed into the ocean just off Nova Scotia on Sept. 2,1998?
What did Ian Shaw's daughter die in?
What were Lloyd's officials in London unavailable for Monday evening?
What does the wreckage lie in?
What did the reports say the insurance company plans to use to seek the gems among the wreckage?
Who did Swissair Flight 111 kill?
Who wants the province to reject any treasure trove application because of the sacredness of the site?
Who did he say also opposed the plan?
What is Bill Estabrooks a member of who represents communities near the crash site?
Whose officials in London were unavailable for comment Monday evening?
What did Lloyd's tell CBC-TV last week?
What does Bill Estabrooks want the province to reject any treasure trove application because of?
What did Ian Shaw say?
What did the reports say the insurance company plans to use a mini-submarine to seek the gems among?
What were reportedly in a stainless steel tube or been driven deep into the seabed?
What indicates that 4 pounds of diamonds and 11 pounds of jewelry were aboard when it went down?
Whose daughter died in the crash?
What is weighing a request by Lloyd's of London to search the Swissair crash site for $300 million in diamonds and jewels reportedly aboard the plane?
What killed all 229 passengers on board?
What has Natural Resources Minister Ernie Fage said in?
What did the reports say among?
What did Fage add?
What did CBC-TV say the British firm has asked for permission to hunt for the valuables?
Who was Canada's national broadcast network?
What does Bill Estabrooks want the province to reject because of the sacredness of the site?
Who did CBC-TV say the British firm has asked the Nova Scotia government for permission to?
What was the British firm through?
What was through a Canadian insurance company?
What did he say?
Who did Fage add that he will consider concerns of?
What still has not been determined?
Who were unavailable for comment Monday evening?
Who did Ian Shaw say also opposed the plan?
What said the insurance company plans to use a mini-submarine to seek the gems among the wreckage?
How many all passengers on board did Swissair Flight 111 kill?
When were Lloyd's officials in London unavailable for comment?
What told CBC-TV last week that it hopes to begin the search this summer?
What may have disintegrated on impact?
What did Fage say?
What was CBC-TV?
What indicates that 4 pounds of diamonds and 11 pounds of jewelry were aboard when the plane went down?
What have not been found?
What does Bill Estabrooks want to reject any treasure trove application because of the sacredness of the site?
Who said other relatives of the victims also opposed the plan?
Who has said the government will make a decision on whether to allow the search in a couple of weeks?
When did Swissair Flight 111 crash into the ocean just off Nova Scotia?
Who said he would not rule out allowing it?
What did Swissair Flight 111 crash into on Sept. 2,1998?
What is HALIFAX?
What does the plane's manifest indicate?
What lies in about 200 feet of water?
What did Ian Shaw argue before Friday that no one should be allowed to rake through the site?
What is HALIFAX weighing to search the Swissair crash site for $300 million in diamonds and jewels reportedly aboard the plane?
What did Fage say he would not rule out allowing?
Who died in the crash?
What did Ian Shaw argue before the Nova Scotia legislature Friday through?
What is Nova Scotia-- The provincial government?
What did Fage add that he will consider?
What has Natural Resources Minister Ernie Fage said the government will make on whether to allow the search in a couple of weeks?
Who is a member of the Nova Scotia legislature who represents communities near the crash site?
Who argued before the Nova Scotia legislature Friday that no one should be allowed to rake through the site?
Who said he would not rule out allowing HALIFAX?
What did CBC-TV say has asked the Nova Scotia government for permission to hunt for the valuables?
When did Ian Shaw argue before the Nova Scotia legislature that no one should be allowed to rake through the site?
What did CBC-TV say the British firm has asked the Nova Scotia government for to hunt for the valuables?
Who did Fage say would not rule out allowing HALIFAX?
What did Ian Shaw say other relatives of the victims also opposed?
What does WASHINGTON-- Video screen displayed fantastical pictures of below the waves and beyond the sun Monday as President Clinton?
What screens displayed fantastical pictures of otherworldly landscapes below the waves and beyond the sun Monday as President Clinton?
When did Clinton and scientists predict that some of the organisms found in those depths might one day provide medical cures or lessons for industry and human development?
What did he also direct to form an advisory panel of scientists to recommend priorities and goals for new ocean exploration?
Who estimate that 90 percent of that space remains unknown to humans?
What did Clinton say at?
When is a report due?
When did Clinton and scientists predict Monday that some of the organisms found in those depths might provide medical cures or lessons for industry and human development?
Who said at the start of the 90-minute session?
What did he also direct the Commerce Department to form an advisory panel of scientists to recommend priorities and goals for?
What cover some 70 percent of the Earth's surface?
Who also directed the Commerce Department to form an advisory panel of scientists to recommend priorities and goals for new ocean exploration?
How many prominent scientists traded what-ifs about the future?
What do oceans cover?
What did President Clinton also direct to form an advisory panel of scientists to recommend priorities and goals for new ocean exploration?
What did Clinton and scientists predict Monday that some of the organisms found in those depths might one day provide for industry and human development?
What did he also direct the Commerce Department to form an advisory panel of scientists to recommend for new ocean exploration?
What did Clinton and scientists predict Monday for?
Who also looked amazed as two prominent scientists traded what-ifs about the future?
What did Clinton and scientists predict Monday that some of the organisms found in those depths might one day provide medical cures or lessons for?
What did Monday's session on space and sea exploration feature on what future explorations might yield?
What did President Clinton also direct the Commerce Department to form an advisory panel of scientists to recommend for new ocean exploration?
Who do scientists estimate that 90 percent of that space remains unknown to?
Who asked questions in person and over the Internet?
What do oceans cover some 70 percent of?
When did Clinton fidget?
What does WASHINGTON-- Video screen displayed below the waves and beyond the sun Monday as President Clinton?
Who predicted Monday that some of the organisms found in those depths might one day provide medical cures or lessons for industry and human development?
When did two prominent scientists trade what-ifs?
What is due in four months?
Who traded what-ifs about the future?
What did he also direct the Commerce Department to form to recommend priorities and goals for new ocean exploration?
What was the lecture?
Who were two prominent scientists?
What did President Clinton also direct the Commerce Department to form an advisory panel of scientists to recommend priorities and goals for?
Who must continue to try to conquer the seemingly impossible?
What lectures on science, arts and letters?
Who fidgeted at times?
What did Schoolchildren ask?
Who do scientists estimate to?
Who were undersea explorer Marcia McNutt of California's Monterey Bay Aquarium Research Institute and Neil de Grasse Tyson of the Hayden Planetarium in New York City?
Who did President Clinton also direct the Commerce Department to form an advisory panel of to recommend priorities and goals for new ocean exploration?
What featured gee-whiz science demonstrations and scientists ' musings on what future explorations might yield?
What does first lady Hillary Rodham Clinton hosted the latest in a series of White House lecture on?
Who did he also direct the Commerce Department to form an advisory panel of to recommend priorities and goals for new ocean exploration?
Who did two prominent scientists trade?
What was the ninth of a program conceived by Mrs. Clinton as part of the White House millennium year commemoration?
What were two prominent scientists undersea explorer Marcia McNutt of?
What did President Clinton also direct the Commerce Department to form to recommend priorities and goals for new ocean exploration?
What was still clearly visible?
Who said last week, to try to create a new field of science &UR; &LR; There's a new opportunity here?
Who was the Institute based in?
What does the precision also mean that ancient wrecks will likely be found in than those found in shallower water?
When did he say, to try to create a new field of science &UR; &LR; There's a new opportunity here?
What did the team discover they dubbed the Isis with thousands of schoolchildren watching through a satellite link as part of Ballard's educational Jason Project?
Where may these ships settle gently in deep water?
Who did McCann concede ``is not an archeologist''?
What may they settle gently to the bottom in?
What was most of what is now New England buried under?
What do we 've got to get in?
Who did a sophisticated array of sonar equipment and digital cameras add to?
What did Ballard say was the discovery of the Titanic that opened his eyes to that potential?
What discovered a Roman shipwreck they dubbed the Isis with thousands of schoolchildren watching through a satellite link as part of Ballard's educational Jason Project?
What do the new deep-water methods continue to be applied in?
What had been found deeper than 300 feet?
What may hold sites that were once hunting encampments on land?
What did David Mindell say the explorers hope to find directly across the sea through deep water?
What do some ancient texts suggest was indeed used?
What does the precision also mean that ancient wrecks will likely be found in a far better state of preservation than?
When did the three-week trip yield?
What did David Mindell say directly across?
Who were so deep?
When did a Mediterranean expedition discover five Roman shipwrecks spanning in just three weeks?
Who did the team discover a Roman shipwreck with thousands of schoolchildren watching through a satellite link as part of Ballard's educational Jason Project?
What does Ballard offer?
Where may the flooding have buried ports?
What did McCann say is enormous?
What have oceanographers found than?
What have oceanographers found that until about 7,000 years ago, the Black Sea was a freshwater lake about 300 feet shallower than?
Who have parts of the relatively shallow near-shore waters of the continental shelf been explored by using scuba diving equipment for many years?
What did McCann say in, ``The deep sea's opened up'' for archeology'', ``The deep sea's opened up'' for archeology''?
What was a true beginning for marine archeology?
What can the shapes and dimensions of objects in its photomosaics be measured with the precision on?
Who did McCann concede ``Ballard is not''?
Who had some new tools: the Navy's NR-1 nuclear submarine to perform the initial reconaissance?
Who were profoundly critical when Ballard first offered back in 1989 to apply his team's equipment and expertise to the untested idea of deep-water archeology?
What was McCann considered one of the nation's leading authorities on?
Who was now 65?
What may have buried ports in areas that are now far offshore?
What are Connecticut's Mashantuck and Pequot tribes helping to finance?
Who did David Mindell say hope to find evidence of a trade route directly across the sea through deep water?
Who conceded ``Ballard is not an archeologist''?
Who was in the Mediterranean Sea?
When did a Mediterranean expedition discover five Roman shipwrecks spanning virtually the entire history of Roman maritime trade?
What may have been occupied by the ancestors of native Americans?
What did the team discover a Roman shipwreck thousands of schoolchildren watching through a satellite link as part of Ballard's educational Jason Project dubbed the Isis with?
Who had some new tools: the Navy's NR-1 nuclear submarine to locate promising sites?
Who did Ballard say last year was the discovery of that opened his eyes to that potential?
What was Mystic?
What does it also allow?
What may the site Ballard's group will explore this week off Long Island hold?
Who first offered back in 1989 to apply his team's equipment and expertise to the untested idea of deep-water archeology?
What were better preserved than any found in shallow water?
Who said last week, to bring together the world of oceanography with the world of archeology &UR; &LR; There's a new opportunity here?
What did the team discover a Roman shipwreck they dubbed with thousands of schoolchildren watching through a satellite link as part of Ballard's educational Jason Project?
What did the most ambitious attempt so far to explore in deep water for traces of humanity's distant past yield an astonishing trove of?
What does he offer?
Who have found that it was flooded when the Mediterranean broke through the Bosporus?
Who think it may have been the origin of the Biblical story of the deluge?
Who may settle gently to the bottom in deep water?
What did David Mindell say the explorers hope to find evidence of directly across the sea through deep water?
What may the flooding have buried ports in?
What was also high and dry for many millennia?
Who think that flooding may have been the origin of the Biblical story of the deluge?
What do we 've got to get in there make use of?
Who said, ``&UR; is the largest body of water in the world with no oxygen''?
What may they remain undisturbed and virtually intact in?
What wrecked ship are unable to survive there without oxygen?
What did the most ambitious attempt so far to explore in deep water for traces of humanity's distant past yield?
What was the breakthrough?
Who does Ballard see as a kind of matchmaker in helping to bring about the marriage of these two fields?
What may remain undisturbed and virtually intact in deep water?
What can only expensive submersibles, submarines and remotely-operated vehicles reach at?
What do these ships 've got to get in there make use of?
What suggest such a route was indeed used?
What does Ballard offer a vivid vivid illustration of?
What do some archeologists think that flooding may have been?
What did Ballard first offer back in 1989 to apply his team's equipment and expertise to?
What has one of the nation's leading departments for dry-land archeology?
What may these ships remain undisturbed and virtually intact in?
Who have parts of the relatively shallow near-shore waters of the continental shelf been by?
What had some new tools: the Navy's NR-1 nuclear submarine to perform the initial reconaissance?
Where did the team return?
What was McCann considered one of on Roman-era archeology?
Who 'mes old? '
What may these ships settle gently to the bottom in?
What did Ballard say last year was?
What can reach at deeper water?
Where may they settle gently in deep water?
What had some new tools: the Navy's NR-1 nuclear submarine to locate promising sites?
Who was considered one of the nation's leading authorities on Roman-era archeology?
What also allows the mapping of trade routes that were previously unknown?
What do these ships lie as much as 2,800 feet deep on?
Who said it was the discovery of the Titanic that opened his eyes to that potential?
What was McCann?
Who said the explorers hope to find evidence of a trade route directly across the sea through deep water?
What do we 've got to get in there make?
When did Ballard say, to try to create a new field of science &UR; &LR; There's a new opportunity here?
What was exposed?
What do some archeologists think it may have been the origin of?
What did the marine organisms that often devour all the exposed wood in a wreck ship are unable to survive there without?
Who said last year was the discovery of the Titanic that opened his eyes to that potential?
When have parts of the relatively shallow near-shore waters of the continental shelf been explored by archeologists using scuba diving equipment?
Who offers a vivid vivid illustration of that benign environment?
Who was the world's most precisely-controllable ROV?
What yielded eight discoveries, five of them Roman ships ranging in age from the first century BC to about 400 AD?
What does it also mean that ancient wrecks will likely be found in than those found in shallower water?
What yielded eight discoveries, five of many years Roman ships ranging in age from the first century BC to about 400 AD?
What have been explored by archeologists using scuba diving equipment for many years?
What continue to be applied in new places?
What does the precision also allow the mapping of?
What was McCann considered on Roman-era archeology?
Who decided to sign on as archeology director for Ballard's 1989 trip to Skerki Bank near Sicily?
What did the team discover a Roman shipwreck with thousands of schoolchildren watching through a satellite link as part of Ballard's educational Jason Project?
What did many years have to locate promising sites?
What is believed to have taken place very rapidly?
What are ships that sink near shore often quickly torn apart by in addition?
What does it also mean in?
What did many years have some new tools: the Navy's NR-1 nuclear submarine to locate?
Who was the Mediterranean expedition led by?
What have parts of the relatively shallow near-shore waters of the continental shelf been explored by archeologists using for many years?
What was based in Mystic?
What do some archeologists think?
What was Skerki Bank in?
What may settle gently to the bottom in deep water?
What are helping to finance this week's reconnaissance mission?
What is this?
What did Ballard say?
What does Boston University have one of for dry-land archeology?
What did they have to locate promising sites?
Who thought, ` We 've got to get into this? '
What has McCann been recruited by to create a program dedicated to underwater archeology?
How many discoveries, five of many years Roman ships ranging in age from the first century BC to about 400 AD did the three-week trip yield?
Who said, ``It is the largest body of water in the world with no oxygen''?
What were the Roman ships ' artifacts better preserved than?
What does Boston University have?
How many feet had no ancient wreck been found?
Who have found that the deep sea was flooded when the Mediterranean broke through the Bosporus?
Who was a researcher at the Massachusetts Institute of Technology who will lead the Black Sea expedition?
What will the week's reconnaissance mission once again use?
What had no ancient wreck been found?
When had some new tools: the Navy's NR-1 nuclear submarine to locate promising sites?
What may the flooding have buried in areas that are now far offshore?
What had never been examined by archeologists until McCann decided to sign on as archeology director for Ballard's 1989 trip to Skerki Bank near Sicily?
Where do the new deep-water methods continue to be applied?
Who said, ``This is the first time anyone has gone out in this region thinking paleo-Indians''?
Who may remain undisturbed and virtually intact in deep water?
Who said, ``The technology is here''?
What do some archeologists think that flooding may have been the origin of?
Who did Ballard say it was the discovery of that opened his eyes to that potential?
What may they settle gently to in deep water?
What have oceanographers found that until about 7,000 years ago, the Black Sea was about 300 feet shallower than its present level?
What was eight years before they were able to take the second step _ last year's return expedition to the area?
Who said the potential for discoveries of ancient sites around the world is enormous?
What do some archeologists think may have been the origin of the Biblical story of the deluge?
What did they have some new tools: the Navy's NR-1 nuclear submarine to locate?
When was the site Ballard's group will explore this week off Long Island also high and dry?
What discovered five Roman shipwrecks spanning virtually the entire history of Roman maritime trade in just three weeks?
What did Ballard say it was?
When did Ballard say, to bring together the world of oceanography with the world of archeology &UR; &LR; There's a new opportunity here?
What did the three-week trip yield?
What was led by Boston University archeologist Anna Marguerite McCann and Ballard?
Who may the continental shelf have been occupied by?
What do these ships 've got to get in there make?
What did David Mindell say the explorers hope to find evidence of a trade route directly across the sea through?
Who said?
How many Roman shipwrecks did a Mediterranean expedition discover spanning virtually the entire history of Roman maritime trade in just three weeks?
What did a Mediterranean expedition discover five Roman shipwrecks spanning virtually the entire history of in just three weeks?
What is here?
What have oceanographers found through?
What did they have to perform the initial reconaissance?
What does the precision also allow?
What did the team return to?
What do these ships 've got to get in?
What did McCann concede ?
What can be measured with the precision that archeologists achieve when they measure the position of every artifact and plot it on maps of land sites?
What was the Jason?
Who did McCann decide to sign on as?
When did Ballard say was the discovery of the Titanic that opened his eyes to that potential?
What does Ballard see himself as?
When did he say, to bring together the world of oceanography with the world of archeology &UR; &LR; There's a new opportunity here?
Who 've got to get in there make use of it?
When did Ballard first offer back to apply his team's equipment and expertise to the untested idea of deep-water archeology?
Who 'm old? '
Who said &UR;?
What may these ships settle gently to in deep water?
What 've got to get in there make use of it?
Who sees himself as a kind of matchmaker in helping to bring about the marriage of these two fields?
What did the team discover a Roman shipwreck dubbed the Isis with thousands of schoolchildren watching through a satellite link as part of Ballard's educational Jason Project?
What lay as much as 2,800 feet deep on the ocean floor?
When had some new tools: the Navy's NR-1 nuclear submarine to perform the initial reconaissance?
What will once again use the Navy's NR-1 submarine?
What does he offer a vivid vivid illustration of?
What is a new opportunity?
When were able to take the second step _ last year's return expedition to the area?
What did the marine organisms that often devour all the exposed wood in a wreck are unable to survive there without oxygen?
What were so deep?
Who had deeper water never been examined by until McCann decided to sign on as archeology director for Ballard's 1989 trip to Skerki Bank near Sicily?
How many discoveries, five of them Roman ships ranging in age from the first century BC to about 400 AD did the three-week trip yield?
What does the precision also mean in?
What is new knowledge?
What added to the Jason?
Who was David Mindell?
Who has been recruited by Boston University to create a program dedicated to underwater archeology?
Who said &UR; &LR; ``What really amazed me about the Titanic was the preservation environment of the deep sea''?
Who were able to take the second step _ last year's return expedition to the area?
What did Ballard first offer back in 1989 to apply to the untested idea of deep-water archeology?
What also means that ancient wrecks will likely be found in a far better state of preservation than those found in shallower water?
Who did many years have some new tools: the Navy's NR-1 nuclear submarine to perform?
What was buried under a mile-thick sheet of ice?
Who said in an interview, ``The deep sea's opened up'' for archeology'', ``The deep sea's opened up'' for archeology''?
What did many years have to perform the initial reconaissance?
What does it also mean that ancient wrecks will likely be found in a far better state of preservation than?
What returned to the Skerki Bank site?
Who did the team discover a Roman shipwreck dubbed the Isis with thousands of schoolchildren watching through a satellite link as part of Ballard's educational Jason Project?
Who was Conn.?
What are often quickly torn apart by the pounding surf in addition?
Who have found that until about 7,000 years ago, the Black Sea was a freshwater lake about 300 feet shallower than its present level?
What did a Mediterranean expedition discover spanning virtually the entire history of Roman maritime trade in just three weeks?
Who did they have some new tools: the Navy's NR-1 nuclear submarine to perform?
What did the marine organisms that often devour all the exposed wood in a wreck without oxygen?
What does it also allow the mapping of?
What did the team discover a Roman shipwreck they dubbed the Isis with?
What did David Mindell say the explorers hope to find evidence of a trade route directly across through deep water?
What were able to take the second step _ last year's return expedition to the area?
What do some ancient texts suggest?
What do some archeologists think it may have been?
What are ships that sink near shore often quickly torn apart by the pounding surf in?
What yielded an astonishing trove of data?
Whose findings were presented at a conference in Stockholm last week?
What may not be harmful to the huge mammals?
What were some findings also reported in in July?
What did Jacob de Boer lead?
What said they found traces of the compounds in the animals ' fat and sometimes in the liver?
What appear to be resilient and harmful in nature?
What was Jacob de Boer of?
What did De Boer and a team of 10 Dutch scientists examine?
What did they say in?
Who say the atmosphere and river and sea water have evidence that the brominated compounds enter the atmosphere and river and sea water?
What did Jacob de Boer say they found in the animals ' fat and sometimes in the liver?
What also were reported in Nature magazine in July?
Who say the molecules do not dissolve easily in water?
What has not been motivated to look for alternatives?
Who was of the Netherlands Institute for Fisheries Research?
When were AMSTERDAM, Netherlands _ Dutch scientists's findings presented at a conference in Stockholm?
What did Jacob de Boer say they found traces of in the animals ' fat and sometimes in the liver?
What do the scientists say as?
Who do scientists say they behave much like?
What are AMSTERDAM, Netherlands _ Dutch scientists not fully destroyed in?
What say the molecules do not dissolve easily in water?
What do the scientists say the atmosphere and river and sea water have?
Who said, ``The study showed that we are seeing warning signals that more serious problems may be ahead''?
What do the molecules say do not find their way into animal and perhaps human tissue?
Who do the scientists say have evidence that the brominated compounds enter the atmosphere and river and sea water?
What do the scientists say they have?
What did they say they found in the animals ' fat and sometimes in the liver?
What do the scientists say have evidence that the brominated compounds enter the atmosphere and river and sea water?
What are not fully destroyed in waste incinerators?
What did they say found traces of the compounds in the animals ' fat and sometimes in the liver?
What do scientists say behave much like PCBs and DDT?
What do they say the molecules do not find their way into?
What do they say the molecules do not find into animal and perhaps human tissue?
Who do AMSTERDAM scientists say have discovered toxic industrial chemicals in the tissue of whales that normally feed in deep waters of the Atlantic Ocean?
What are they not fully destroyed in?
Who do scientists say behave much like PCBs and DDT?
What do the molecules say the molecules do not find into animal and perhaps human tissue?
What are many everyday products like?
Who are not fully destroyed in waste incinerators?
What do AMSTERDAM scientists say they have discovered toxic industrial chemicals in?
What do they say do not dissolve easily in water?
Who can these chemicals be useful to?
What do AMSTERDAM scientists say have discovered toxic industrial chemicals in the tissue of whales that normally feed in deep waters of the Atlantic Ocean?
What do AMSTERDAM scientists say they have discovered in the tissue of whales that normally feed in deep waters of the Atlantic Ocean?
What do the molecules say the molecules do not dissolve easily in?
Who did they say found traces of the compounds in the animals ' fat and sometimes in the liver?
What were banned for their toxicity?
What do AMSTERDAM scientists say in?
What is Netherlands _ Dutch?
Who led the team that analyzed the whale tissue?
What are useful and relatively cheap?
What did Jacob de Boer say in?
How many sea mammals did De Boer and a team of 10 Dutch scientists examine?
Who examined 13 sea mammals?
When were their findings presented at a conference in Stockholm?
What were AMSTERDAM, Netherlands _ Dutch scientists's findings presented at last week?
Who say they have evidence that the brominated compounds enter the atmosphere and river and sea water?
What were presented at a conference in Stockholm last week?
What do the scientists say should serve as a warning of how far the chemicals have penetrated the ocean's food chain?
What do they say do not find their way into animal and perhaps human tissue?
When were some findings also reported in Nature magazine?
What were DDT banned for?
What can be useful to consumers?
What may the quantities detected not be harmful to?
Who say the molecules do not find their way into animal and perhaps human tissue?
What were banned for AMSTERDAM, Netherlands _ Dutch scientists's toxicity?
What did they say they found traces of in the animals ' fat and sometimes in the liver?
Who say they behave much like PCBs and DDT?
What were their findings presented at last week?
What are like television-set casings and children's clothing?
Who did Jacob de Boer say found traces of the compounds in the animals ' fat and sometimes in the liver?
Who say their findings should serve as a warning of how far the chemicals have penetrated the ocean's food chain?
Whose toxicity were DDT banned for?
When has come?
What did Jacob de Boer say, ``The study showed''?
What do they appear to be resilient and harmful in?
What do they say the molecules do not dissolve easily in?
What do the molecules say the molecules do not find their way into?
Who appear to be resilient and harmful in nature?
Who said they found traces of the compounds in the animals ' fat and sometimes in the liver?
What do the scientists say their findings should serve as?
What do the scientists say?
What did Jacob de Boer say found traces of the compounds in the animals ' fat and sometimes in the liver?
Who say they have discovered toxic industrial chemicals in the tissue of whales that normally feed in deep waters of the Atlantic Ocean?
What do toxic industrial chemicals appear to be resilient and harmful in?
What say the molecules do not find their way into animal and perhaps human tissue?
Who said, ``The study showed that the molecules are seeing warning signals that more serious problems may be ahead''?
What do the molecules say do not dissolve easily in water?
Who is AMSTERDAM?
Who is Woods Hole now studying to?
What did Barrie B. Walden say incorporating into Alvin might cost $15 million?
Who has asked Woods Hole experts to assess the feasibility of Alvin's plunging to depths of 4. 3 miles?
What does Alvin's reach make?
What is now within Alvin's reach?
What does it make?
What did Barrie B. Walden say could be done during the sub's next major overhaul?
What is 146 bars of it?
What is the deep?
What do such competitive pressure's voluminous waters supply?
What was visited in 1986 by the tiny white submersible?
What contains?
What is Alvin getting?
Who would also be able to visit more of humanity's lost worlds?
What is now studying whether the capsule can be transferred to Alvin?
What did Woods Hole scientists look on as the Japanese submersible set an Atlantic depth record?
Whose current reach, not do scientists even archaeology now lie beyond to mention the unknown?
What did he say during?
When is the I-52 wreckage discovered more than three miles down on the Atlantic abyssal plain?
What is little more than the sea's average depth and far short of its deepest spot?
What did the Japanese pull ahead with in 1990?
Who can the capsule be transferred to?
What was built by General Mills?
Who was the Navy submarine?
Who said, ``millions of dark secrets 've been the leaders in exploration''?
Who have been the first to glimpse the seabed's dark ecosystems over the decades?
Who were Sea Cliff and Turtle?
Who was head of marine operations at Woods Hole?
Whose crew capsule did Barrie B. Walden say incorporating into Alvin might cost $15 million?
What did foreign submersibless begin to rival?
What did the Navy decide to throw into mastering the abyss in the catastrophe's wake?
What is the planet's most dynamic feature?
When did the situation's wreckage remain lost?
What is 2. 8 miles for dives?
Who was the maker of breakfast cereals?
Who was first proposed by Woods Hole in the 1960s?
What did foreign submersibless begin to rival Sea Cliff's maximum depth of?
Who said the upgrade could be done during the sub's next major overhaul?
What are made of a thick layer of super-strong titanium that can withstand pressures down to depths of 3. 8 miles (or 6 kilometers)?
Who say major questions of geology?
What 've got this sitting in our backyard?
Who is getting a major overhaul that may extend its reach and allow it to match and possibly even surpass newer submersibles abroad the world leader?
What sank with 129 men in 1963?
What did foreign submersibless begin to make?
Whose reach is the upshot that a large part of the seabed is out of?
What is also the planet's lifeblood?
What do scientists even archaeology now lie beyond to mention the unknown?
Who said in an interview, ``We have a responsibility to make sure it's the best''?
What does the luxury liner rest at?
What is the upshot that a large part of the seabed is out of?
What do some scientists feel is unlikely to materialize?
What do others say?
Who are the seabed's dark ecosystems as?
Who say the inky deep is not only inherently provocative but important to understand if people are to be good planetary stewards?
Who 've got this sitting in our backyard?
Who did Gagosian say could better study these cauldrons?
Who said, ``We 've been the leaders in exploration''?
What is causing some of the submersible's users to view any renovations warily?
Who said incorporating Sea Cliff's crew capsule into Alvin might cost $15 million?
What decided to throw itself into mastering the abyss in the catastrophe's wake?
Who said of the nation's efforts at deep exploration, ``It's way underfunded''?
What was a sum as yet unapproved by federal planners?
What would the region outside its reach shrink dramatically with?
What is discovered in 1995 more than three miles down on the Atlantic abyssal plain?
What was designed for military work?
Who was manager of deep submergence at Woods Hole?
What keep the land temperate?
What was the military submersible's digital sonar?
What is geology?
What need to have the deepest-diving submersible, ``In order to continue that tradition''?
What have insufficient money to run Sea Cliff as a separate vehicle?
What do we know so little about?
What know so little about this?
What do we 've got sitting in our backyard?
What were still led by Alvin?
Who said a great opportunity for such wiring lies in old telephone cables that criss-cross the sea's abyssal plains?
What is one reason Woods Hole is eager to have Alvin go deeper?
What is the I-52 wreckage now slated for as the salvage team searches for vehicles than can go that deep?
Whose crew capsule did Barrie B. Walden say into?
What do we need to have, ``In order to continue that tradition''?
What was $15 million?
Whose reach is the upshot of?
What do millions of dark secrets 've got sitting in our backyard?
What is with its dark recesses and riddles and perhaps even a den or two of undiscovered monsters?
What do some scientists feel?
What remained lost for months?
What is rich?
What is scheduled for the end of 2000?
Who cost about $50 million, and Sea Cliff about $200 million?
What has been decommissioned in the wake of military cutbacks and changing priorities?
Who need to have the deepest-diving submersible, ``In order to continue that tradition''?
What did Fornari say of, ``insufficient money to run Sea Cliff, designed for military work, as a separate vehicle's way underfunded''?
When was Alvin first proposed by Woods Hole?
What has the Woods Hole Oceanographic Institution just received from the Navy a submersible known as Sea Cliff in?
Who wanted job?
When did its wreckage remain lost?
What does the plucky 25-foot-long craft have?
Who did Barrie B. Walden say into?
What is a risky job?
Who said a deeper-diving Alvin could better study these cauldrons?
When is the sub's next major overhaul scheduled?
What has Gagosian asked Woods Hole experts to assess?
What supply vital elements that sustain life on the surface and regulate planetary heat flow?
What runs Alvin?
What's such a compelling part of the planet?
Who began to make new discoveries?
What has Sea Cliff been decommissioned in?
What support lush ecosystems?
What do millions of dark secrets know so little about?
What changed after a Navy submarine sank with 129 men in 1963?
How many miles is the safety limit for dives?
When have Alvin users been the first to glimpse the seabed's dark ecosystems?
What was General Mills the maker of?
What is the luxury liner now within?
Who pulled ahead with a new submersible that plunged down 4 miles in 1990?
Who are bits of Sea Cliff already being transferred to?
What does it's?
What does the salvage team search for?
What are the seabed's dark ecosystems?
What would shrink dramatically with Alvin diving to depths of 3. 8 miles?
What do scientists say deep is not only inherently provocative but important to understand if people are to be good planetary stewards?
What did the Japanese submersible set?
Who know so little about it?
Whose reach is the luxury liner now within?
What do its voluminous waters keep?
What could a deeper-diving Alvin wire the ocean with?
Who was Barrie B. Walden?
What would the region outside Alvin users's reach shrink dramatically with?
What has just received from the Navy a submersible known as Sea Cliff in a remarkable bonanza from the end of the Cold War?
What is that distance little more than?
Who was the director of Woods Hole?
What did he say the upgrade could be done during?
What is the crown jewel of Sea Cliff?
What is off limits?
What did Gagosian say a great opportunity for such wiring lies in?
What did Barrie B. Walden say the upgrade could be done during?
What does about 90 percent of the Earth's volcanism happen?
Who did Barrie B. Walden say incorporating Sea Cliff's crew capsule into might cost $15 million?
What is that a large part of the seabed is out of Alvin's reach?
Who want to lead?
What was the luxury liner visited in 1986 by?
Who is to illuminate more of them?
What do the cauldrons support?
What is the more important reason?
What did Dr. Robert B. Gagosian say in, ``We have a responsibility to make sure it's the best''?
What have Alvin users been to glimpse the seabed's dark ecosystems over the decades?
What did the Navy decide to throw itself into mastering the abyss in?
What makes it?
What did Gagosian say lies in old telephone cables that criss-cross the sea's abyssal plains?
What is happy to cannibalize its parts to improve Alvin?
What did most military officials and scientists of the day care little about?
Whose maximum depth of 3. 8 miles did foreign submersibless begin to rival?
What are such as the Titanic?
What is still unrivaled?
What built two Alvin look-alikes?
Who say that the cost is extraordinarily low compared with other Federal science investments?
What did Gagosian say a deeper-diving Alvin could better study?
What is biology?
What was Alvin first proposed by in the 1960s?
What set an Atlantic depth record?
What is an area larger than Asia off?
What is gold?
What could Alvin service?
What was the first to go?
What is Titanic?
When did a Navy submarine sink with 129 men?
What is with the upshot's dark recesses and riddles and perhaps even a den or two of undiscovered monsters?
What was Sea Cliff designed for?
What do others say with?
What did no regular Navy contractor want?
What was too great?
What is such competitive pressure also?
What is such devices?
What has millions of dark secrets?
What could a deeper-diving Alvin not only explore directly?
What was considered a curiosity?
When was the luxury liner visited by the tiny white submersible?
What were two Alvin look-alikes?
What is the I-52?
What do millions of dark secrets need to have, ``In order to continue that tradition''?
What do its voluminous waters supply?
What has the Woods Hole Oceanographic Institution just received from the Navy in a remarkable bonanza from the end of the Cold War?
What is the I-52 wreckage discovered in 1995 more than three miles down on?
What is little more than the sea's average depth and far short of the sea's deepest spot?
Who are hopeful?
What was the Japanese submersible?
What was it considered?
Who did a Navy submarine sink with in 1963?
What was Dr. Robert B. Gagosian the director of?
Who cared little about people exploring the deep?
Who was the submersible built by?
Who is a process now getting under way?
Who did Richard F. Pittenger say nn ``One thing is clear''?
What is one?
What is a Japanese submarine sunk in World War II while carrying a shipment of two tons of gold packed in metal boxes?
What does it's such a compelling part of?
Who began to rival Sea Cliff's maximum depth of 3. 8 miles?
Who was General Mills?
What are suspected of being the place where life arose four billion years ago?
What is the safety limit 2. 8 miles for?
Who was the Woods Hole director?
What was Richard F. Pittenger head of at Woods Hole?
How many bars of World War II is gold?
What did Fornari say of, ``It's way underfunded''?
Who could not only explore the sites directly?
Who was Dr. Robert B. Gagosian?
What rests at a depth of more than two miles?
Who was Dr. Daniel J. Fornari?
What's ridiculous?
What do such competitive pressure's voluminous waters keep?
What was Shinkai 6500?
What was Barrie B. Walden manager of at Woods Hole?
How many Alvin look-alikes were Sea Cliff and Turtle?
Who looked on sheepishly in 1994 as the Japanese submersible set an Atlantic depth record?
What were both heavier and faster than?
What have the explorers also brought to?
Who is to illuminate more of millions of dark secrets?
What is the safety limit for dives?
What want to lead?
What lie deeper?
Who feel such money is unlikely to materialize?
What is Alvin?
What was Richard F. Pittenger?
What does order to continue that tradition's?
What can be transferred to Alvin?
What is its crew capsule?
What is to be fitted with geologic detectors _ an oceanographic first?
Who said, ``There's important science to be done'' in the sea's deeper regions''?
What could a deeper-diving Alvin wire with sensitive detectors meant to track distant seaquakes?
What is raw knowledge?
What did Gagosian say?
What has its shortcomings?
Who even archaeology now lie beyond Alvin's current reach, not to mention the unknown?
What is it also?
What do Woods Hole and the Woods Hole Oceanographic Institution's federal patrons have?
What do Woods Hole and its federal patrons have?
What is it?
Whose reach makes it?
What did he say could be done during the sub's next major overhaul?
What's that simple?
Who was head scientist for the deep submergence program at Woods Hole?
Who were the nation's efforts still led by?
What is such competitive pressure?
What is the Earth's largest habitat?
Who could wire the ocean with sensitive detectors meant to track distant seaquakes?
What does the sea have millions of?
What did Barrie B. Walden say incorporating Sea Cliff's crew capsule into Alvin might cost?
Who is a move that would extend the reach of the tiny submersible by a full mile?
How many bars of it is gold?
Who does the Woods Hole Oceanographic Institution run?
What do scientists say?
When did the Japanese pull ahead with a new submersible that plunged down 4 miles?
What happens undersea?
Who have also brought to light thousands of new species of animal life?
What is 146 bars of World War II?
What was the Thresher?
What do scientists even archaeology now lie beyond Alvin's current reach, not to mention?
Who say that the potential returns are huge?
What is gold 146 bars of?
What are already being transferred to Alvin?
Who could service such devices?
What is the place where huge slabs of crust are created and destroyed?
Who was Gagosian?
Who did the Navy build?
What do scientists say major questions of?
What is now slated for further exploration as the salvage team searches for vehicles than can go that deep?
What were heavier and faster than their forerunner?
What is the upshot of?
What searches for vehicles than can go that deep?
Who has Gagosian asked to assess the feasibility of Alvin's plunging to depths of 4. 3 miles?
What are the walls made of?
What are its hot chimneys, its cold seeps, its rocky chains of mountains longer than the Andes and its lost human worlds?
Who is the luxury liner?
What has the Woods Hole Oceanographic Institution just received from a submersible known as Sea Cliff in a remarkable bonanza from the end of the Cold War?
What did Barrie B. Walden say during?
Who said &QL; nn ``One thing is clear''?
What is to be lifted from a depth of 3. 1 miles?
What is the seabed with?
How many Alvin look-alikes did the Navy build?
What does the sea have?
What dove much deeper?
Who is a marine geochemist at Lamont-Doherty?
What does the study by Broecker and Stewart Sutherland of Lamont-Doherty and Tsung-Hung Peng of the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration appear in?
What did he say Broecker had ``put together?''
Who do some scientists believe may have identified a comparable kind of oscillation involving deep ocean currents?
What have El Nino and La Nina in recent years become?
What did it appear to provide?''
What say this oscillation could warm and cool substantial parts of the globe on longer time scales of centuries to millenniums?
Who cool off?
What does that mean the conveyor belt in that region continues to draw from the south to warm the North Atlantic region?
Who did he say had ``put together a very possible story?''
What does that mean the conveyor belt in that region continues to draw heat from to warm the North Atlantic region?
Who is a primary advocate of the concept of the ocean conveyor belt as a climate regulator?
What do some scientists believe?
What do some scientists say could warm and cool substantial parts of the globe on longer time scales of centuries to millenniums?
When is El Nino and La Nina?
What have a number of studies of past climates shown?
When did much bigger temperature swings occur at the same intervals?
What rushes in to replace it at the surface?
Who says that if the conveyor has indeed oscillated since then, it suggests that the link may have persisted?
What is giving a weak one?
What did he say?''
What has remained strong in the North Atlantic?
What are Western Europe and the North Atlantic region relatively warm for?
What can be proved or disproved?
What is the atmosphere emissions of?
What is the conveyor?
What discovered this by analyzing climate signals contained in ocean sediments in the North Atlantic?
Where does salt build up?
What are the deep ocean currents in?
What has Broecker concluded?
What appeared to provide a possible new explanation for what Dr. Richard Alley called ``a fundamental beat to the climate?''
What is it ``consistent with the idea that ``we 're playing with a system?''
Who say this oscillation could warm and cool substantial parts of the globe on longer time scales of centuries to millenniums?
What builds up in a particular spot in the North Atlantic?
Who are weak?
What do the deep ocean currents create around the world?
Who is believed to be driven by changes in the salt content of the ocean's surface?
Who did Broecker and Stewart Sutherland of Lamont-Doherty and Tsung-Hung Peng say had ``put together a very possible story?''
What do the deep ocean currents create a global conveyor belt that transports great amounts of heat around?
What is it ``consistent with the idea that changes in the large-scale circulation in the ocean can have very important effects on the atmosphere,''?''
What did much bigger temperature swings occur at during the ice age itself?
What means the conveyor belt in that region continues to draw heat from the south to warm the North Atlantic region?
What do they say on?
What does other water rush in to replace salt at?
What appears in the current issue of the journal Science?
What is Broecker a primary advocate of?
Who need good hypotheses?
What did they discover this by analyzing climate signals contained in ocean sediments in?
What occurred at the same intervals during the ice age the North Atlantic region?
Who said Broecker had ``put together a very possible story?''
What does Broecker say?
What has production remained strong in?
What are weak?
What does chemical evidence show to?
What can transport?
What is the southern and northern sites alternate as strong producers: when one is giving a strong boost to the conveyor giving?
What has been cold?
Who discovered this by analyzing climate signals contained in ocean sediments in the North Atlantic?
What does Dr. Wallace S. Broecker say?
What did much bigger temperature swings occur at during the ice age the North Atlantic region?
What is emissions of heat-trapping waste industrial gases?
What is the atmosphere warming because of natural changes or human-induced changes in the atmosphere like?
What rushes in to replace salt at the surface?
When have other researchers led by Dr. Wallace S. Broecker postulated that the oscillations in deep-ocean currents may be responsible?
What is ``consistent with the idea that ``we 're playing with a system that we still do not understand?''
What do some scientists believe they may have identified a comparable kind of?
Who says there is a clear relationship between the conveyor's behavior and climate oscillations in the last ice age?
What create a global conveyor belt that transports great amounts of heat around the world?
What does he say?
What did they discover by analyzing climate signals contained in ocean sediments in the North Atlantic?
Who was Dr. Richard Alley?
Who's given us one?
What have shown that when the North Atlantic region has been cold, Antarctica has been relatively warm?
Who has concluded that the two sites do not produce roughly the same amount of deep water all the time?
What is the atmosphere?
Who have in recent years become familiar agents of short-term climate change?
What do they say could warm and cool substantial parts of the globe on longer time scales of centuries to millenniums?
What do we need?
Who is Broecker?
When have El Nino and La Nina become familiar agents of short-term climate change?
Who says that if the conveyor has indeed oscillated since then, the case suggests that the link may have persisted?
What run strongly?
What is the atmosphere warming because of like carbon dioxide?
What does that mean continues to draw heat from the south to warm the North Atlantic region?
Whose supposed oscillations and the 1,500-year recurrences of cold spells like the little ice age has no firm cause-and-effect link been established between?
What is this combination?
Who is the warmer and colder phases of a perpetual oscillation in the surface temperature of the tropical Pacific Ocean that drastically affects weather around the world?
What does salt build up in?
What are in effect?
What does other water rush in to replace it at?
What does that mean from?
Who was a climate expert at Pennsylvania State University?
What has been established between the conveyor's supposed oscillations and the 1,500-year recurrences of cold spells like the little ice age?
What does chemical evidence show that the production of deep water off Antarctica has slowed to?
What is warming because of natural changes or human-induced changes in the atmosphere like carbon dioxide?
What cool off?
What have El Nino and La Nina in recent years become familiar agents of?
Who is Dr. Wallace S. Broecker?
What did Broecker and Stewart Sutherland of Lamont-Doherty and Tsung-Hung Peng say Broecker had ``put together?''
What do some scientists believe they may have identified?
What does other water rush in to replace at the surface?
When have other researchers led by Dr. Wallace S. Broecker postulated?
Who is the other?
What eventually makes the water dense enough to sink to the ocean depths?
What did Broecker and Stewart Sutherland of Lamont-Doherty and Tsung-Hung Peng say?''
Who have postulated that the oscillations in deep-ocean currents may be responsible for the 1,500-year cold cycles?
What has no firm cause-and-effect link been established between?
What do some scientists say on?
What is what sets the conveyor moving?
What does that mean the conveyor belt in that region continues to draw heat from the south to warm?
What does he say that if the conveyor has indeed oscillated since then, it suggests?
What shows that the production of deep water off Antarctica has slowed to about a third of its rate a century or so ago?
Who believe they may have identified a comparable kind of oscillation involving deep ocean currents?
What do some scientists believe may have identified a comparable kind of oscillation involving deep ocean currents?
What is Western Europe?
What is it ``consistent with that we still do not understand?''
Whose postulate can be proved or disproved?
What does Broecker say there is?
What is the North Atlantic region?
What is El Nino and La Nina the warmer and colder phases of?
What are relatively warm for example?
What occurred at the same intervals during the ice age itself?
What does Dr. Wallace S. Broecker say that if the conveyor has indeed oscillated since then, the case suggests?
What killed 2,000 people in 1998?
Who said they discovered the cracks about 60 miles from shore along a 25-mile section of the continental shelf off the Virginia and North Carolina coasts?
Who have to determine if they 're geologically active whether they 're moving on human time sales?
Who 're moving on human time sales?
Who said in an interview, ``scientists do not want to sensationalize this''?
What did the scientists say they discovered about 60 miles from shore along a 25-mile section of the continental shelf off the Virginia and North Carolina coasts?
Who did the scientists say discovered the cracks about 60 miles from shore along a 25-mile section of the continental shelf off the Virginia and North Carolina coasts?
What is the problem that a tsunami can come with?
What would the latter finding suggest?
What did the scientists say discovered the cracks about 60 miles from shore along a 25-mile section of the continental shelf off the Virginia and North Carolina coasts?
What have cropped up in undersea data?
If the seabed what could the reaction set off the giant waves?
What have scientists found sending waves as high as 20 feet speeding toward the mid-Atlantic states in waters off Virginia and North Carolina?
Who wrote, ``From a societal perspective, we need to evaluate the degree of tsunami hazard that might be posed by a major submarine landslide''?
What do the long fissures lie perched close to?
What becomes gradually deeper?
What are the scientists leaving this weekend on a 14-day expedition to gather to assess the risk?
When did a tsunami in Papua New Guinea kill 2,000 people?
What lie perched close to the edge of the outer continental shelf?
What do we have to determine if they 're geologically active on?
What 're moving on human time sales?
What were estimated to range in height from 3 to 40 feet?
What is that a tsunami can come with no warning?
What are the scientists leaving this weekend on a 14-day expedition to gather more data to assess?
Who said?
What did a tsunami in Papua New Guinea kill in 1998?
When are the scientists leaving on a 14-day expedition to gather more data to assess the risk?
What then quickly gives way to the abyss?
Where do the long fissures lie perched close?
Who said in an interview, ``We do not want to sensationalize this''?
What would suggest that the cracks were geologically inactive and a low threat of producing giant waves?
What do scientists 're moving on?
What is finite?
What suggested that submarine landslides play an important role in their generation?
Who are leaving this weekend on a 14-day expedition to gather more data to assess the risk?
What do scientists have to determine if they 're geologically active on?
What did Driscoll say in, ``We do not want to sensationalize this''?
What do the scientists then take?
What did the scientists say they discovered the cracks about 60 miles from shore along a 25-mile section of the continental shelf off?
When did a submarine landslide associated with an earthquake on the Grand Banks set off a tsunami that killed 51 people along the coast of Newfoundland?
How many people did a tsunami in Papua New Guinea kill in 1998?
What does the seabed then quickly give?
Who then take deep samples of the seabed to see if the cracks are fresh or covered with layers of sediment?
What is the problem with?
What are not unknown?
Who wrote, ``From a societal perspective, the need to evaluate the degree of tsunami hazard that might be posed by a major submarine landslide''?
What have hints of smaller ones cropped up in?
Who plan to make images of the cracks with sonar waves?
What did Driscoll say in, ``scientists do not want to sensationalize this''?
What do the scientists plan to make images of the cracks with?
What did the scientists say from?
What have scientists found cracks in the seabed that might set off a tsunami sending waves as high as 20 feet speeding toward the mid-Atlantic states in?
How many feet were the long fissures found beneath the waves?
What do the scientists then take deep samples of?
What do the scientists plan to make with sonar waves?
What were the long fissures found beneath the waves?
What do they 're moving on?
What were the long fissures found 325 to 650 feet beneath?
What did the scientists say are often larger than predicted from the force of earthquakes alone?
What are the scientists leaving this weekend on to gather more data to assess the risk?
What set off a tsunami that killed 51 people along the coast of Newfoundland in 1929?
What did tsunamis suggest that submarine landslides play?
What did the scientists say they discovered the cracks from off the Virginia and North Carolina coasts?
If the seabed there gave way what could set off the giant waves?
What do the scientists plan to make images of with sonar waves?
What have scientists found cracks in the seabed that might set off a tsunami sending waves as speeding toward the mid-Atlantic states in waters off Virginia and North Carolina?
Who said tsunamis are often larger than predicted from the force of earthquakes alone?
What were found 325 to 650 feet beneath the waves?
What did a submarine landslide associated with an earthquake on the Grand Banks set off in 1929?
What did tsunamis suggest?
If the seabed there gave way what could the reaction set off?
What disappeared?
What may be somewhere in Lake George?
Who say all might have been more like 200?
When do divers say some continue to search for a treasure chest?
What did 1960 even make?
What is said the ship was scuttled in deep water off Dome Island?
What is the steamboat said was scuttled in deep water off Dome Island?
What was it a floating bar at?
What is not confirmed?
What was the steamboat at Big Burnt Island?
What is said that a treasure chest was found by two divers?
Whose existence is not confirmed?
What may those nonexistent wrecks be the most thrilling to hunt for in years to come _ for divers who thrive on mystery with?
What was its fate until 1995?
Who are still making discoveries in Lake George?
What was one vessel?
When was one vessel stolen from its dock before it even made a trial run?
Who lived to tell a tale of violent winds and a crew member who tied himself to the mast to ride out the storm?
What was one vessel's fate until 1995?
What did a storm take down a three-mast sailing vessel in the middle of the lake with aboard In the 1850s?
What did one man jumped off before the storm live to tell a tale of who tied himself to the mast to ride out the storm?
What do some historians believe was dragged ashore and left to rot?
What was a lake attraction in the mid-19th century, then retired?
What does the notion persist?
Who became too powerful?
What did a storm take down in the middle of the lake with its full crew aboard In the 1850s?
What did Halifax participate in both the 1758 Abercrombie expedition and the 1759 Amherst expedition over?
Who say it might have been more like 200?
Who is it said by?
What may Halifax be somewhere in?
What are divers still making discoveries in?
What did strict laws forbid?
What do State authorities who oversee Lake George say?
What was a sloop-of-war?
How many boats do State authorities who oversee Lake George say were sunk when Tropical Storm Floyd was over, and all have been recovered?
What is that difference of 50 boats lake-bottom lore is made of?
What was a floating bar at Big Burnt Island?
Who has undertaken a lake-bottom inventory that might take the guesswork out of many such tales of the deep?
What did it participate in both the 1758 Abercrombie expedition and the 1759 Amherst expedition over?
What is near Bolton Landing?
What is it said in?
What do divers say might have been more like 200?
Where was it a floating bar?
What did Halifax participate in over 50 feet?
Who believe Halifax was dragged ashore and left to rot?
What do divers say all might have been more like?
When was its fate one of the lake's big mysteries?
When was the steamboat a lake attraction, then retired?
What did a storm take down a three-mast sailing vessel in with its full crew aboard In the 1850s?
What do divers say the chest is sunk in?
What took down a three-mast sailing vessel in the middle of the lake with its full crew aboard In the 1850s?
What do divers say some continue to search for today?
Who say some continue to search for it today?
What do divers say is sunk in 120 feet of water?
Where may Halifax be somewhere?
What participated in both the 1758 Abercrombie expedition and the 1759 Amherst expedition over 50 feet?
What do divers say it might have been more like?
When was one vessel's fate one of the lake's big mysteries?
What are divers still making in Lake George?
What is the stuff lake-bottom lore is made of?
What was one vessel stolen from in 1960 before it even made a trial run?
What is that difference of 50 boats the stuff?
What was Halifax?
When did a storm take down a three-mast sailing vessel in the middle of the lake with its full crew aboard?
What persists that a bevy of cabin cruisers are waiting to be found?
What was the steamboat a floating bar at?
What do divers say continue to search for a treasure chest today?
When do divers say some continue to search for it?
Who say some continue to search for a treasure chest today?
What was the steamboat in the mid-19th century, then retired?
What was its fate one of until 1995?
Where did a storm take down a three-mast sailing vessel with its full crew aboard In the 1850s?
What do some historians believe to?
What did it participate in over 50 feet?
Who is it said that a treasure chest was found by?
What is the steamboat said the ship was scuttled in?
What was a 15-foot homemade submarine built to study French and Indian War wrecks?
What failed?
What say 150 boats were sunk when Tropical Storm Floyd was over, and all have been recovered?
What has Bateaux Below undertaken a lake-bottom inventory that might take the guesswork out of?
What is that difference of 50 boats the stuff is made of?
If any boats sunk last fall remain under water, who would probably prefer to keep it that way?
What was one vessel's fate one of until 1995?
What even made a trial run?
What was deep water?
Who say the chest is sunk in 120 feet of water?
How many feet do others note that waters off the island do not exceed?
What forbade such sinkings?
What was one of the lake's big mysteries until 1995?
Who may those nonexistent wrecks be the most thrilling to with the Bateaux Below survey poised to identify everything on the lake floor?
What do others note?
What has Bateaux Below undertaken?
Who believe it was dragged ashore and left to rot?
What has never been found?
What exist?
Where was the steamboat a floating bar?
What is Bateaux Below?
What do divers say in?
Who is a Saratoga Springs-based diving group that studies Lake George?
When even made a trial run?
What do State authorities who oversee Lake George say were sunk when Tropical Storm Floyd was over, and all have been recovered?
What did it even make?
Where are divers still making discoveries?
What do divers say more like?
What was midlake?
What do divers say for?
What was it at Big Burnt Island?
Who were deliberately scuttled in the days before strict laws forbade such sinkings?
Who note that waters off the island do not exceed 110 feet?
What was stolen from its dock in 1960 before it even made a trial run?
What is the steamboat said in?
What is it said was scuttled in deep water off Dome Island?
What is it said the ship was scuttled in?
What is Dome Island near?
What did one man jumped off before the storm live to tell?
What do others note that waters off the island do not exceed?
What do divers say continue to search for it today?
When were others deliberately scuttled before strict laws forbade such sinkings?
Whose Managing Director Eli Rosenberg estimated that the initial drilling will cost 25 million dollars?
Who said, ``For a successful well in that depth of water, there need thousands of barrels''?
What was the initial drilling at?
What did Avner have to be granted to carry out the project?
When was JERUSALEM?
What did Druckman suggest?
What does each only cover?
Who had to be granted five licenses to carry out the project?
What only covers 400 square kilometers?
How many dollars did he estimate that the initial drilling will cost?
When did Avner say described the prospects as ``world-class?''
What does Avner claim?
How many licenses did Avner have to be granted to carry out the project?
When does this confidence stem from the results of previous drillings in the nearby shallow waters by Isramco?
What are further financial and technical partners followed by?
What does the winning consortium intend to drill off the coast at unspecified locations between Haifa and the Gaza Strip by?
What was July 3?
Who claims the support of many international oil companies?
Who granted the licenses?
What did he estimate?
What did Druckman suggest would be needed?
What did Avner say?''
Who was the managing director of Israel National Oil Company?
Who was Yaron Ran?
How many square kilometers does each only cover?
What did Avner say a former vice-president of the world's largest publicly owned oil company described as ``world-class?''
What was at a 1,500 meter-depth?
What did Avner's Managing Director Eli Rosenberg estimate?
What stems from the results of previous drillings in the nearby shallow waters by Isramco in the early 1990s?
Who estimated that the initial drilling will cost 25 million dollars?
What intends to drill off the coast at unspecified locations between Haifa and the Gaza Strip by the end of next year?
What was Yaron Ran the managing director of?
Who are followed by a seismic study of the area between October and December?
Who agree that the area could prove lucrative?
What was the former vice-president of the world's largest publicly owned oil company?
How many dollars did Avner's Managing Director Eli Rosenberg estimate that the initial drilling will cost?
Who said, ``Israel's deep waters appear to be very promising''?
What is the winning consortium headed by?
Who suggested a minimum of 3,000 to 5,000 barrels a day while others believe more would be needed?
What do experts agree?
When suggested the area is oil rich?
What did the early 1990s suggest?
Who said a former vice-president of the world's largest publicly owned oil company described the prospects as ``world-class?''
When was Exxon Corporation?
Who dismissed suggestions that the total cost of the project will be around 1 billion U. S. dollars?
What is headed by Avner Oil and Gas Ltd.?
What does the winning consortium intend to drill off by the end of next year?
What did the early 1990s suggest is oil rich?
What did the government's Director grant?
What did he estimate that the initial drilling will cost?
What did Avner's Managing Director Eli Rosenberg estimate that the initial drilling will cost?
What reported The Jerusalem Post today?
What does this confidence stem from in the early 1990s?
What did Rosenberg dismiss?
When is to find further financial and technical partners?
Who said, ``For a successful well in that depth of water, they need thousands of barrels''?
What does Avner claim the support of?
What did researchers come to this conclusion after studying the fossil record of ostracods at?
Who says the diversity of deep sea animals seems to wax?
What does rotation affect?
Who is of the Geological Survey, Virginia, and Dr Maureen Raymo?
Where did researchers come to this conclusion after studying the fossil record of ostracods?
What did most scientists believe the ocean floor was buffered against by the water above it?
What did most scientists believe was buffered against climate change by the water above it?
What does that cycle correspond to?
When did the bottom date?
When corresponds to the rhythmic vibration in the tilt of the Earth's axis of rotation?
What affects seasonality?
Who reports?
What were ostracods?
When does Dr Thomas Cronin of the Massachusetts Institute of Technology say the diversity of deep sea animals seems to wane?
Who says the diversity of deep sea animals seems to wane over a 41,000-year cycle?
Who believed the journal's report today questions this deep sea environmental stability?
What may LONDON be just as susceptible to as surface-dwellers reports?
What did researchers come to after studying the fossil record of ostracods at the bottom of the North Atlantic?
What did most scientists believe the ocean floor was buffered against climate change by?
Who believed the ocean floor was buffered against climate change by the water above it?
Who came to this conclusion after studying the fossil record of ostracods at the bottom of the North Atlantic?
What dated from the Late Pliocene era more than 2. 4 million years ago?
What does Dr Thomas Cronin of the Massachusetts Institute of Technology say seems to wax?
What is Dr Thomas Cronin of?
What were minute clam-like crustaceans in deep-sea sediment?
What does Dr Thomas Cronin of the Massachusetts Institute of Technology say seems to wane over a 41,000-year cycle?
What did most scientists believe against?
What may be just as susceptible to climate change as surface-dwellers reports?
What did most scientists believe?
Where has Shell already started the newspaper's deep water exploration through the Shell Nigeria Exploration Company Limited?
What was June 30-- Shell International?
What did Shell manager Kisito Okpere say the exploration wells drilled by the company in the waters near Warri in southwest Nigeria have shown?
Who has already started its deep water exploration in Nigeria through the Shell Nigeria Exploration Company Limited?
What has Shell already started in Nigeria through the Shell Nigeria Exploration Company Limited?
When did the Vanguard report today LAGOS plans to invest 40 billion to 60 billion U. S. dollars in deep water oil exploration along the west African coast?
What said?
Who has already started the newspaper's deep water exploration in Nigeria through the Shell Nigeria Exploration Company Limited?
What did the newspaper quote as saying that the oil reserve in the deep waters of the west Africa is as high as 15 billion barrels?
What did Shell manager Kisito Okpere say have shown encouraging signs that could lead to commercial development?
What reported today LAGOS plans to invest 40 billion to 60 billion U. S. dollars in deep water oil exploration along the west African coast in the next 20 years?
What did the newspaper quote a Shell publication as saying as 15 billion barrels?
What did the Vanguard report today LAGOS plans to invest in deep water oil exploration along the west African coast in the next 20 years?
What has Shell already started its deep water exploration in through the Shell Nigeria Exploration Company Limited?
How many U. S. dollars did the Vanguard report today LAGOS plans to invest in deep water oil exploration along the west African coast in the next 20 years?
When was LAGOS?
What did the newspaper quote a Shell publication as saying that the oil reserve in the deep waters of the west Africa is as high as?
What quoted a Shell publication as saying that the oil reserve in the deep waters of the west Africa is as high as 15 billion barrels?
What has Shell already started the newspaper's deep water exploration in through the Shell Nigeria Exploration Company Limited?
What has Shell already started its deep water exploration in Nigeria through?
What did the Vanguard report today LAGOS plans to invest 40 billion to 60 billion U. S. dollars in in the next 20 years?
Where has Shell already started its deep water exploration through the Shell Nigeria Exploration Company Limited?
Who said the exploration wells drilled by the company in the waters near Warri in southwest Nigeria have shown encouraging signs that could lead to commercial development?
What has Shell already started the newspaper's deep water exploration in Nigeria through?
Who do the rocks think 'll find there was a time when there was no ice at all in the Antarctic?
What did he say violent storms which could fracture the ice and potentially plunge the rig into the ocean posed?
What did Woolfe say with?
What was then drilled through the ice and water and then finally 400 meters?
Who did Ken Woolfe from James Cook University in Australia's northern Queensland state say were involved in the research?
What do we think we 'll find?
Who said 51 scientists from six countries were involved in the research?
What did Ken Woolfe from James Cook University in Australia's northern Queensland state say in?
Who 've basically done?
What did Ken Woolfe from James Cook University in Australia's northern Queensland state say 51 scientists from six countries were involved in?
What was the research?
Who is the only Australian signatory to the International Cape Roberts Project involving the research on the Antarctic which got underway earlier this month?
What did he say by?
What did Woolfe say was fraught with potential logistical nightmares?
What was October 21-- A multinational scientific team?
What did he say the scientists were excited by because nothing was known about what happened in the Antarctic when the ice sheet was first forming?
Who said we do not know how it occurred or when it occurred?
Who does exactly the right conditions give about eight to 10 weeks to work in?
What do we think?
Who do we think 'll find there was a time when there was no ice at all in the Antarctic?
How many scientists from six countries did Ken Woolfe from James Cook University in Australia's northern Queensland state say were involved in the research?
What was the largest ever scientific project undertaken in the Antarctic?
What did he say posed another risk for the researchers?
What did he say?
Who said?
What do the rocks think?
Who said, ``What the rocks 've basically done is putting a drilling rig on the sea ice into the seabed''?
Who think we 'll find there was a time when there was no ice at all in the Antarctic?
What did he say had to be cold enough to keep the ice stable yet not so cold that it made the steel of the 20-tonne drilling rig brittle?
What did Ken Woolfe from James Cook University in Australia's northern Queensland state say?
When does exactly the right conditions give the rocks to work in?
When was CANBERRA?
What 've basically done?
What are involved in the project which will continue drilling until the end of November and then resume next summer besides the scientists?
Who said the scientists were excited by the project because nothing was known about what happened in the Antarctic when the ice sheet was first forming?
When does exactly the right conditions give us to work in?
What did Ken Woolfe from James Cook University in Australia's northern Queensland state say posed another risk for the researchers?
What was known about what happened in the Antarctic when the ice sheet was first forming?
What does the research team live at a camp to because of the high risks involved?
Who said violent storms which could fracture the ice and potentially plunge the rig into the ocean posed another risk for the researchers?
What melted at once?
Who said the weather had to be cold enough to keep the ice stable yet not so cold that it made the steel of the 20-tonne drilling rig brittle?
Who said the research was fraught with potential logistical nightmares?
Who did he say do not know how it occurred or when it occurred?
What gives us about eight to 10 weeks to work in?
What was the sea ice then drilled through?
When do the rocks think we 'll find there was?
What does exactly the right conditions give about eight to 10 weeks to work in?
Who said, ``What we 've basically done is putting a drilling rig on the sea ice into the seabed''?
What are 20 drilling and support staff from Australia, New Zealand, the United States, Italy, Germany and Britain involved in besides the scientists?
What did Woolfe say the research was fraught with?
What do the rocks think we 'll find?
What gives the rocks about eight to 10 weeks to work in?
Who did he say were excited by the project because nothing was known about what happened in the Antarctic when the ice sheet was first forming?
Who is James Cook University?
What think we 'll find there was a time when there was no ice at all in the Antarctic?
What did Ken Woolfe from James Cook University in Australia's northern Queensland state say by?
When do we think we 'll find there was?
What did a special group of experts for the robot project also express with the cable-less robot's quality and reliability?
What must oceanic research robots adjust to unexpected problems in?
Who said the robotic accomplishment represents an advanced level in this high-tech sector?
What has succeeded in utilizing a robot recently to survey Pacific Ocean depths of 6,000 meters?
What must survey technology at such depths cope with at sea level?
What did the China-made robot complete?
What must adjust to unexpected problems in addition?
What must survey technology at such depths cope with atmospheric pressure 600 times that at?
What has succeeded in building?
When is BEIJING?
What did experts say the robotic accomplishment represents?
What did a special group of experts for the robot project also express satisfaction with?
What has Exploration of the ocean floor at 6,000-meter depth sparked?
What also expressed satisfaction with the cable-less robot's quality and reliability?
What did experts say represents an advanced level in this high-tech sector?
What must cope with atmospheric pressure 600 times that at sea level?
What is December 9-- China?
What must oceanic research robots adjust to in addition?
What has sparked fierce competition among nations?
What will go into production in 1999?
What will not have any living facilities?
How many yuan will the oilfield cost?
What was the Bohai Oil Company originally set up in in 1966?
What has proven oil reserves of 30. 8 million tons?
What did Jiang explain that the new technology effectively prevents on a drilling platform?
Who explained that the new technology effectively prevents sedimentation and icing on a drilling platform?
What now has 10 billion yuan in fixed assets and 10,000 employees?
What are expected to be installed soon?
What did he explain that the new technology effectively prevents sedimentation and icing on?
What does the water over the oilfield make for recovering investment?
What does the Bohai Oil Company now have?
When was the Bohai Oil Company originally set up in Tanggu of Tianjin?
What is 20 km from the city of Jinzhou in Liaoning Province?
When did petroleum engineers decide to use the steel caissons for efficiency and safety?
What will be linked with the other section by a 2. 7-km marine pipeline and a marine cable?
What was the oilfield discovered by the Bohai Oil Company in?
Where is the Jinzhou 9-3 20 km from the city of Jinzhou?
Who explained that a new 10-meter-thick oil-bearing stratum has been discovered?
What is the Jinzhou 9-3 in Liaoning Province?
What did petroleum engineers decide to use the steel caissons for after eight years of study?
What was originally set up in Tanggu of Tianjin in 1966?
When will the oilfield go into production?
What was discovered by the Bohai Oil Company in the late 1980s?
What are 27 production wells?
What will the oilfield cost?
What did he explain on?
What did Jiang say is the first time China has used this technology in offshore oil production?
What did Jiang explain?
What did Jiang say this is?
What is the Jinzhou 9-3 20 km from the city of Jinzhou in?
What makes conventional oil development methods costly and difficult for recovering investment?
What did petroleum engineers decide to use for efficiency and safety after eight years of study?
What have been completed?
What has the Jinzhou 9-3 proven?
What did Jiang explain that the new technology effectively prevents sedimentation and icing on?
When is TIANJIN?
What will the oilfield go into in 1999?
What is the water over the oilfield deep?
What are 26 water filling wells, and one natural gas well, and a designed annual capacity of a million tons?
What will the oilfield's eastern section be linked with by a 2. 7-km marine pipeline and a marine cable?
What is May 4?
How many production wells are 26 water filling wells, and one natural gas well, and a designed annual capacity of a million tons?
What was the oilfield discovered by in the late 1980s?
What is 7 m deep?
What will cost 1. 8 billion yuan?
What will the oilfield's eastern section be linked with the other section by?
What has the Jinzhou 9-3 proven oil reserves of?
What did Jiang explain on?
What will the oilfield's eastern section not have?
What is expected to have 27 production wells?
Who decided to use the steel caissons for efficiency and safety after eight years of study?
Who said this is the first time China has used this technology in offshore oil production?
What did he explain?
What did he explain that the new technology effectively prevents on a drilling platform?
What has reached some 10 billion yuan?
What have caused serious environmental pollution and damage to the marine ecology?
When did Zeng even hope to establish'' to get more attention?
What does China have?
What are an effective way to help sustainable development?
Who was an oceanographer who presided over the seaweed planting project in Changdao?
What has a positive attitude toward this giant scheme?
What has a coastline of more than 18,000 kilometers and more than 14,000 kilometers of island coasts?
Where did song Xiuwu join Zeng in suggesting?
Who did song Xiuwu join in suggesting that algae, shellfish, and rare marine products be developed in the offshore areas?
Who was song Xiuwu?
What did the two also emphasize the study of proliferation and protection of on the seabed and different ``afforestation'' projects?
What also emphasized the study of proliferation and protection of various algae on the seabed and different ``afforestation'' projects?
What did the two also emphasize the study of of various algae on the seabed and different ``afforestation'' projects?
What did the two also emphasize the study of proliferation and protection of various algae on?
What have marine development, offshore petroleum exploration, and rapid industrial development along the coasts caused to the marine ecology?
Who joined Zeng in suggesting that algae, shellfish, and rare marine products be developed in the offshore areas?
What did the two also emphasize on the seabed and different ``afforestation'' projects?
What are seabed forests?
What does the country's oceanography authorities have?
What did song Xiuwu join Zeng in suggesting in?
What does China have a coastline of?
What did Zeng even hope to establish a ``seaweed growing festival'' to get?
Who even hoped to establish a ``seaweed growing festival'' to get more attention?
What have marine development, offshore petroleum exploration, and rapid industrial development along the coasts caused serious environmental pollution and damage to?
What has the amount of losses from various marine disasters including the red tide reached?
What typically work in water depths of less than 200 meters?
Who will begin later this month with the arrival of an advanced French research ship to carry out a program of deep sea drilling?
What has been estimated at six million U. S. dollars?
How many expeditions has the Ocean Drilling Program led?
What can the Joides Resolution drill to below the seabed?
When will WELLINGTON begin with the arrival of an advanced French research ship to carry out a program of deep sea drilling?
How many holes has it drilled along the eastern coast of New Zealand to retrieve sediment and rock for analysis?
What is the Ocean Drilling Program set up in 1985 by?
Who was New Zealand scientist Lionel Carter?
What was the vast submarine continent?
What do conventional drilling ships typically work in?
Who did the Dominion quote as saying that the project is part of a global initiative to determine how the oceans tick and influence climate?
What did Dr. Carter say this is truly a remarkable capability considering the ship will be bobbing in the ocean with?
What has the flagship Joides Resolution drilled along the eastern coast of New Zealand to retrieve sediment and rock for analysis?
What did Dr. Carter say New Zealand is the visible part of?
What has it drilled along the eastern coast of New Zealand to retrieve sediment and rock for analysis?
What did Dr. Carter say in?
What has been chosen because of its position across the great current systems of the ocean?
What has New Zealand's eastern coast been chosen because of?
When is the Ocean Drilling Program set up by 22 member countries?
What are funded mainly by the United States ' National Science Foundation?
What has the flagship Joides Resolution drilled seven holes along the eastern coast of New Zealand to retrieve sediment and rock for?
Who was one of the researchers who will be on board?
What does the vast submarine continent project deep into?
What was the vast submarine continent half the size of?
How many U. S. dollars are funded mainly by the United States ' National Science Foundation?
How many months will the New Zealand visit last?
What has the flagship Joides Resolution drilled seven holes along to retrieve sediment and rock for analysis?
What is set up in 1985 by 22 member countries?
What has the Ocean Drilling Program led?
What has it drilled seven holes along the eastern coast of New Zealand to retrieve for analysis?
What can work in waters eight kilometers deep?
What has it drilled seven holes along to retrieve sediment and rock for analysis?
Who was New Zealand scientist Lionel Carter one of?
What will last two months?
What will WELLINGTON begin later this month with ship to carry out a program of deep sea drilling?
What has the bill for the New Zealand leg been estimated at?
What has led 78 expeditions?
What can the Joides Resolution drill to one kilometer or more below?
What will WELLINGTON begin later this month with the arrival of an advanced French research ship to carry out?
What has drilled seven holes along the eastern coast of New Zealand to retrieve sediment and rock for analysis?
What did Dr. Carter say New Zealand is?
What can the Joides Resolution work in?
What did Dr. Carter say is the visible part of a vast submarine continent?
What projects deep into the pathways of the currents?
How many holes has the flagship Joides Resolution drilled along the eastern coast of New Zealand to retrieve sediment and rock for analysis?
What did Dr. Carter say this is truly in?
What did a Wellington-based newspaper Tuesday report along?
What will WELLINGTON begin later this month with the arrival of an advanced French research ship to carry out a program of?
What was half the size of Australia?
What can drill to one kilometer or more below the seabed?
What has it drilled seven holes along the eastern coast of New Zealand to retrieve sediment and rock for?
What has the flagship Joides Resolution drilled seven holes along the eastern coast of New Zealand to retrieve for analysis?
What quoted New Zealand scientist Lionel Carter as saying that the project is part of a global initiative to determine how the oceans tick and influence climate?
When will the New Zealand visit last?
What did the Dominion quote New Zealand scientist Lionel Carter as saying?
What are six million U. S. dollars funded mainly by?
Who said New Zealand is the visible part of a vast submarine continent?
When has China explored the international seabed?
How many exploratory expeditions had COMRRDA carried out by the end of last year?
What had carried out nine exploratory expeditions by the end of last year?
What had COMRRDA carried out by the end of last year?
What has BEIJING recorded?
When did COMRRDA registration with the United Nations as a pioneer investor in international seabed resources in 1991 raise the country's exploration program?
What requires China to relinquish 50 percent of the aforementioned area by March 5 this year?
What yielded extensive data and information on the 150,000- sq?
What will China retain?
What raised the country's exploration program to a new stage?
What did COMRRDA registration with the United Nations as a pioneer investor in international seabed resources in 1991 raise to a new stage?
What is January 29-- China?
When is BEIJING?
What has explored the international seabed since the late 1970s?
What has recorded new advances in the exploration of seabed polymetallic nodules in the eastern Pacific?
What has China explored since the late 1970s?
What will retain the right to explore for polymetallic nodule resources in the remaining 75,000- sq?
What did related operations yield?
What does the UN Convention on the Law of the Sea require to relinquish 50 percent of the aforementioned area by March 5 this year?
When does the UN Convention on the Law of the Sea require China to relinquish 50 percent of the aforementioned area this year?
What had COMRRDA carried out nine exploratory expeditions by?
What was officially recognized by the United Nations as one of the pioneering investors in international seabed exploration?
What acquired the mining right in an area of 150,000 sq?
What did he add in?
Where will at least 20 years help ease the shortage of such rare metals throughout the early part of the next century?
What indicated poor reserves in large tracts of the original zone?
What will China now concentrate on?
What was Wang Dianzuo vice president of?
What will at least 20 years help ease the shortage of in China throughout the early part of the next century?
Who explained?
Where did Wang Dianzuo add?
What did China acquire the mining right in?
What did Jin Jiancai warn however, this type of exploration requires high technology and a large investment with?
Who was vice president of the CAE?
Where did he add the crisis will also appear?
When is BEIJING?
What will at least 20 years help ease in China throughout the early part of the next century?
What has BEIJING announced in?
Who warned however, this type of exploration requires high technology and a large investment with a concurrent high risk factor?
What has China given up for about half of the area?
What are the metals and minerals scattered on the sea-bed ``like''?
What did Wang Dianzuo add the crisis will also appear in?
What has given up the right for about half of the area?
Who was secretary-general of the China Ocean Mineral Resources Research and Development Association?
What did surveys indicate?
What did China acquire right in an area of 150,000 sq?
Who added the crisis will also appear in other areas using products needing rare minerals and metals?
Who is an academician at the Chinese Academy of Engineering?
What is estimated to contain about 112 million tons of manganese, 4 million tons of copper, 5 million tons of nickel and 980,000 tons of cobalt?
Where will it now concentrate?
What are expected to last for at least 20 years?
What have chinese engineers developed after much research?
What did Wang Dianzuo add in?
What lumps of rock and metal?
Who added, ``China has now acquired the advanced technology to pick up these ` potatoes like ' lumps of rock and metal from the deep sea?''
Where did he add?
What did Wang Dianzuo add will also appear in other areas using products needing rare minerals and metals?
Who have developed a robot which can operate 6,000 meters underwater and will be used in such deep-sea mining after much research?
Where did China acquire the mining?
What has China given up the right for?
Who was Wang Dianzuo?
Who is Jin Xianglong?
What did Jin Jiancai warn however, this type of exploration requires with a concurrent high risk factor?
What is February 3-- China?
What was China officially recognized by the United Nations as?
Where will China now concentrate?
What will at least 20 years help ease the shortage of such rare metals in China throughout?
What have chinese engineers developed a robot which can operate 6,000 meters underwater and will be used in such deep-sea mining after?
How many years will help ease the shortage of such rare metals in China throughout the early part of the next century?
What are exhausted?
Where did Wang Dianzuo add the crisis will also appear?
What are scattered on the sea-bed ``like potatoes''?
When are the reserves expected to last?
What did he add will also appear in other areas using products needing rare minerals and metals?
What was China officially recognized by as one of the pioneering investors in international seabed exploration?
What are the metals and minerals scattered on ``like potatoes''?
What will at least 20 years help ease the shortage of such rare metals in throughout the early part of the next century?
When will help ease the shortage of such rare metals in China throughout the early part of the next century?
What was Jin Jiancai?
What did he add the crisis will also appear in?
What did Jin Jiancai warn however, requires high technology and a large investment with a concurrent high risk factor?
What will it now concentrate on?
What does ' lump of?
What did industry sources say that the Bonga discovery held?
What have lAGOS-- Oil companies operating in Nigeria achieved in deep water oil exploration although a total of 1. 3 billion U. S. dollars was spent between 1993 and 1998?
When did Ndafe say?
What did Ndafe say that from 1993 to 1998,33 exploration and appraisal wells were drilled, carried out?
What made billion of barrels in proven reserves biggest discovery by any of the multi- nationals operating in Nigeria's deep offshore region?
What are November 16?
When are lAGOS?
Who said that the Bonga discovery held billion of barrels in proven reserves?
What have lAGOS-- Oil companies operating in Nigeria achieved encouraging results in although a total of 1. 3 billion U. S. dollars was spent between 1993 and 1998?
What made it biggest discovery by any of the multi- nationals operating in Nigeria's deep offshore region?
What have achieved encouraging results in deep water oil exploration although a total of 1. 3 billion U. S. dollars was spent between 1993 and 1998?
When was a total of 1. 3 billion U. S. dollars spent?
What was spent between 1993 and 1998?
What did industry sources say?
What did industry sources say that the Bonga discovery held billion of?
What does the oil field have a reserve of?
What is the country now executing an oil project through at a cost of 2. 7 billion U. S. dollars?
What has a reserve of 600 million barrels?
What is held by SNEPCO?
What is SNEPCO the operator of?
What is the operator of the venture?
What is the ``Bonga'' field launched as?
What is the ``Bonga'' oil field located 120 kilometers more than 1,000 meters deep off?
Who was Managing Director of the Royal Dutch\/Shell Group Phil Watts quoted as saying as?
What is SNEPCO?
What is the country now executing an oil project through Shell Nigeria Exploration and Production Company at?
What said?
What does the oil field have?
What is the country now executing through Shell Nigeria Exploration and Production Company at a cost of 2. 7 billion U. S. dollars?
What is the rest 55 percent held by?
What is launched as a joint venture project?
How many kilometers is the ``Bonga'' oil field located off the coast of the oil-producing Niger Delta region in water more than 1,000 meters deep?
When was LAGOS?
Who was quoted as saying that the project would help establish Nigeria as a major player in the global energy sector?
What is now executing an oil project through Shell Nigeria Exploration and Production Company at a cost of 2. 7 billion U. S. dollars?
What is located 120 kilometers off the coast of the oil-producing Niger Delta region in water more than 1,000 meters deep?
What is the ``Bonga'' oil field located off the coast of the oil-producing Niger Delta region in water more than 1,000 meters deep?
What was December 20-- Nigeria?
What do scientists believe the East China Sea and the frozen earth area of the Tibetan Plateau are also?
What is GUANGZHOU-- Last October's discovery of natural gas-hydrate resources in the seabed of the Xisha Isles of the South China Sea?
What do scientists believe are also possible reserves of natural gas hydrate?
What has been listed as one of the bureau's major exploration projects?
What is combustible ice?
What has the study of the gas-hydrate resources been listed as?
What do scientists believe the East China Sea and the frozen earth area of the Tibetan Plateau are also possible reserves of?
What do scientists believe?
What is April 12?
When is GUANGZHOU?
Who believe the East China Sea and the frozen earth area of the Tibetan Plateau are also possible reserves of natural gas hydrate?
What is the first of its kind in China?
What is also known as combustible ice?
What is GUANGZHOU-- Last October's discovery of natural gas-hydrate resources in the seabed of the Xisha Isles of the South China Sea the first of?
What is natural gas-hydrate?
What is a pure, clean, high-power and environmentally- friendly energy which has great development potential in 21st century?
What is natural gas-hydrate also known as?
What is ``gas ice'' or ``solid gas''?
What did Goddio say the Middle East News Agency reported that a team of divers led by Goddio discovered in two years of exploration and excavation?
What did a French undersea explorer say on Saturday have been found in the undersea remains of ancient cities off Egypt's Mediterranean coast?
Who was discovered in 1934?
What was June 3?
Who is the second city which was found deep in the Mediterranean water after Menouthis was discovered in 1934?
What did Frank Goddio tell a news conference held in the port city the artefacts were found in?
When did Goddio say the Middle East News Agency reported?
What did they sink into in a major earthquake in ancient times?
Who termed the discovery as a key step in helping unravel the ancient Egyptian civilization drowned in the Mediterranean Sea?
What did Frank Goddio tell the artefacts were found in the underwater vestiges of Herakleum and Menouthis?
What were also found?
What were among six cities which were built in the Greek era?
When was Menouthis discovered?
What did he term as a key step in helping unravel the ancient Egyptian civilization drowned in the Mediterranean Sea?
What did Goddio say reported that a team of divers led by Goddio discovered the treasures in two years of exploration and excavation?
What did Frank Goddio term the discovery as?
What were they among?
Who was worshiped at Herakleum?
What did byzantine coins sink into the sea in?
What did statues, sphinxes and columns some date to?
Who sank into the sea in a major earthquake in ancient times?
Who said the Middle East News Agency reported that a team of divers led by Goddio discovered the treasures in two years of exploration and excavation?
Who told a news conference held in the port city the artefacts were found in the underwater vestiges of Herakleum and Menouthis?
When was CAIRO?
What did he term the discovery as?
What lie just east?
What did a French undersea explorer say on Saturday CAIRO-- Pharaonic statues and sphinxes as well as Byzantine coins have been found in off Egypt's Mediterranean coast?
What was the Greek God Hercules worshiped at?
What did they sink into the sea in?
What sank into the sea in a major earthquake in ancient times?
What did Frank Goddio tell a news conference held in the port city were found in the underwater vestiges of Herakleum and Menouthis?
What is Herakleum?
What were byzantine coins among?
What did Frank Goddio term as a key step in helping unravel the ancient Egyptian civilization drowned in the Mediterranean Sea?
What did byzantine coins sink into in a major earthquake in ancient times?
When did Goddio say the Middle East News Agency reported that a team of divers led by Goddio discovered the treasures?
Who were among six cities which were built in the Greek era?
Who some dated to the 26th dynasty and the 30th dynasty?
What did the Russian Navy press service say took turns Thursday at working deep in the water near the site where the Kursk sank?
What said four submersible rescue vehicles took turns Thursday at working deep in the water near the site where the Kursk sank?
What is armed with torpedoes and ``Granite'' cruise missiles?
What did Prikhodko say discussed concrete aspects of the rescue efforts?
How many submersible rescue vehicles did the Russian Navy press service say took turns Thursday at working deep in the water near the site where the Kursk sank?
Who is the submarine armed with?
What does the submarine have?
Who are analyzing video and photo materials picturing the damage done to the bow of the sub?
What did Prikhodko say the two discussed concrete aspects of?
Who quoted diplomatic sources in Moscow?
What has also offered to send a team of doctors and decompression chambers to the place where Kursk went down in addition?
What has Germany also offered to send to the place where Kursk went down in addition?
What does it have?
What had earlier refrained from seeking outside assistance?
When did Russia agree to enlist help from Britain and Norway in the rescue bid?
What stressed, ``The situation is estimated as being critical''?
What were more than 20 ships on the surface involved in?
What are experts analyzing picturing the damage done to the bow of the sub?
Who reported?
What has Germany also offered to send a team of doctors and decompression chambers to in addition?
When was the ill-fated submarine commissioned for the Russian Navy?
What were involved in the rescue bid?
Who was Sea Eagle with?
Who said the two discussed concrete aspects of the rescue efforts?
What has somewhat improved?
Who did the Interfax news agency quote as saying, ``This process is very slow and does not significantly impact on the rescue operation''?
What continue?
How many ships on the surface were involved in the rescue bid?
What was the ill-fated submarine commissioned for in 1995?
What does it have a displacement of?
Who reported earlier?
When did the accident reportedly happen?
Who quoted military sources?
What has Germany also offered to send a team of doctors and decompression chambers to the place where Kursk went down in?
What did Russia agree to enlist in the rescue bid on Wednesday?
Who has Germany also offered to send a team of to the place where Kursk went down in addition?
What quoted Dygalo as saying, ``This process is very slow and does not significantly impact on the rescue operation''?
Who said, ``Due to the weather conditions, the attempts to dock with the submarine have once again failed''?
Who said they discussed concrete aspects of the rescue efforts?
What did Interfax quote?
What was the rescue operation?
What has a displacement of 14,700-23,860 tons?
What remain accessible?
What agreed to enlist help from Britain and Norway in the rescue bid on Wednesday?
Who did Prikhodko say discussed concrete aspects of the rescue efforts?
What was Putin's senior aide?
What reportedly happened last Saturday?
What did Prikhodko say they discussed concrete aspects of?
What was commissioned for the Russian Navy in 1995?
What did Prikhodko say they discussed?
Who was with 12 deep-water divers from a special Defense Ministry unit?
Where has Germany also offered to send a team of doctors and decompression chambers in addition?
What did Russia agree to enlist help from Britain and Norway in on Wednesday?
What are experts analyzing video and photo materials picturing?
Who reported the Norwegian vessel Sea Eagle is expected to reach the site Friday evening?
Who said?
What did Prikhodko say the two discussed?
What does the submarine have a displacement of?
What continues to blow?
What is an advanced benthal exploration measure?
What is Sea electromagnetic surveying?
What was taken at the electric field under the sea of the Taiwan Straits?
What is expected to facilitate the country's exploration seabed geography and benthal resources?
Where has the key national technological project been undertaken by the Zhongnan University?
What has successfully collected natural benthal electric data using an electromagnetic survey machine at 200 meters under the sea?
What was the test taken at the electric field under?
What has been undertaken by the Zhongnan University in central China's Hunan Province?
What was the test taken at under the sea of the Taiwan Straits?
Who was an expert with the Chinese Academy of Engineering?
What is September 14-- China?
What was the machine that can work at a maximum depth of 500 meters developed by Jishan?
Who was Jishan?
What has pinpointed benthal surveying research as a key national technological project?
What was the machine that can work at a maximum depth of 500 meters developed by a research team led by He?
When is CHANGSHA?
What was developed by a research team led by He Jishan?
What has CHANGSHA successfully collected using an electromagnetic survey machine at 200 meters under the sea?
What has the key national technological project been undertaken by the Zhongnan University in?
What has China pinpointed benthal surveying as a key national technological project?
What has China pinpointed benthal surveying research as?
What has the key national technological project been undertaken by in central China's Hunan Province?
What has CHANGSHA successfully collected natural benthal electric data using at 200 meters under the sea?
What has CHANGSHA successfully collected natural benthal electric data using an electromagnetic survey machine at?
