What do government officials say alongside?
What did Nicolas Betis of the Bolivar State Indian Federation say is deforesting swaths of jungle?
What is affecting about 15,000 people in 30 communities of Pemon, Karina, Akawaio and Arawako Indians?
What was Mary Lou Goodwin vice president of?
What did Nicolas Betis of the Bolivar State Indian Federation say construction of the 110 million, 500-kilometer power line is destroying?
What do the Indians say to?
Who said construction of the 110 million, 500-kilometer power line is destroying Indian yuca, corn, banana, sugar and pineapple crops?
What is the 3-million hectare Canaima National Park?
What might carry out the action again Friday?
What did Nicolas Betis of the Bolivar State Indian Federation say construction of the 110 million, 500-kilometer power line is deforesting?
What was about 1,000 kilometers?
What did she say some of the logs?
What was at the protest site?
Who were never consulted?
Who do the Indians say to?
What did he say construction of the 110 million, 500-kilometer power line is deforesting swaths of?
What do Environmentalists say the companies will increase to the forests?
What did Mary Lou Goodwin say some of the logs?
What is Angel Falls at 978 meters?
Who was Mary Lou Goodwin?
What do the Indians say belongs to them?
Who was vice president of the Venezuela branch of the Audubon Society?
What do the Indians say much of the land where the power line is going up belongs to?
What did Nicolas Betis of the Bolivar State Indian Federation say construction of the 110 million, 500-kilometer power line is deforesting swaths of?
What did Mary Lou Goodwin say logs the Indians rolled onto the highway were nearly as wide as she is tall?
What logs to protest a high-voltage power line being built in the ``Lost World'' of Amazon rain forests?
What did Nicolas Betis of the Bolivar State Indian Federation say is destroying Indian yuca, corn, banana, sugar and pineapple crops?
What is to run through the 3-million hectare Canaima National Park?
What did she say logs the Indians rolled onto the highway were nearly as wide as she is tall?
What did he say construction of the 110 million, 500-kilometer power line is destroying?
What did he say is destroying Indian yuca, corn, banana, sugar and pineapple crops?
What do Environmentalists say will increase damage to the forests?
What is a popular tourist destination?
What did he say construction of the 110 million, 500-kilometer power line is deforesting?
What do government officials say is to run mainly alongside highways already built in the region and will cause little environmental damage?
How many kilometers was El Dorado?
What do Environmentalists say the companies will increase damage to?
Who say much of the land where the power line is going up belongs to them?
Who might carry out the action again Friday?
What were never consulted?
Who did she say some of the logs were nearly as wide as she is tall?
Who said the Indians shut down the El Dorado-Santa Elena International Highway near the gold mining town of El Dorado southeast of Caracas?
Where was the Audubon Society?
Who said construction of the 110 million, 500-kilometer power line is deforesting swaths of jungle?
What is the project affecting?
What does CARACAS log to protest a high-voltage power line being built in the ``Lost World'' of?
What is Venezuela _ About 400 Indians blocked Venezuela's main highway to Brazil with huge?
What is CARACAS?
Who said, ``The deforestation is just horrible''?
What does CARACAS log to protest?
How many people in 30 communities of Pemon, Karina, Akawaio and Arawako Indians is the project affecting?
Who is tall?
What at 978 meters is the world's longest cascade?
Who say the companies will increase damage to the forests?
Who say the power line is to run mainly alongside highways already built in the region and will cause little environmental damage?
What did Nicolas Betis of the Bolivar State Indian Federation say the Indians shut down?
What was the Audubon Society at?
What was El Dorado?
What do Environmentalists say to?
Who said some of the logs the Indians rolled onto the highway were nearly as wide as she is tall?
Who do the Indians say much of the land where the power line is going up belongs to?
What did he say is deforesting swaths of jungle?
Who did Mary Lou Goodwin say some of the logs were nearly as wide as she is tall?
What was EL DORADO?
What are Indians and environmentalists clashing with at Venezuela's Amazon rain forests?
Who said, the Pemons and three other tribes 're the owners of this land?
Who do the Pemons and three other tribes also want to overturn last year's mining and logging decree?
Who do Environmentalists and Indians say will not properly regulate the mining and logging companies?
What was the tribe defending?
Who recently started cutting a swath through the forest in southeastern Venezuela for a 470-mile high-voltage electricity line that will be the lifeline of the projects?
What is to provide hydroelectric power to northern Brazil?
Who said, ``There are a lot of unfounded fears''?
Who blocked traffic on a highway used by construction crews as national guardsmen stood by in riot gear during the last two weeks?
What did workers with chain saws and bulldozers recently start cutting a swath through the forest in southeastern Venezuela for?
Who did Mary Lou Goodwin of the Audubon Society in Venezuela say is one of the most gorgeous endemic forests I 've ever seen?
What would be created through projects including a proposed 500-room hotel to be built on sacred Pemon lands in Canaima?
What do government officials see as a vast untapped source of wealth that could help alleviate the poverty that afflicts more than half of Venezuela's population?
What are tensions rising in?
Whose yucca is corn, banana and pineapple crops?
Who are nothing in the eyes of the Venezuelan government?
What is home to the mysterious flat-topped mountains that inspired Sir Arthur Conan Doyle's classic adventure story ``The Lost World?''
What is remote communities in eastern Venezuela and scores of gold mining companies eager to work the pristine Imataca rain forest reserve?
What do the Pemons and three other tribes also want officials to recognize?
What do the Pemons and three other tribes also want officials to overturn?
What rolled a huge log across the highway to block traffic?
What do Environmentalists and Indians say is too much, too fast?
Who will large companies help control thousands of who poison rivers with mercury?
What are prostitution and violence?
Who stood by in riot gear?
What will large companies help with mercury?
What say officials will not properly regulate the mining and logging companies?
Who also want officials to recognize their right to decide the future of the region?
What is northern Brazil?
Who come to visit it?
What do the Pemons and three other tribes say they plan to keep shutting down until the government halts the electricity project?
What already have leveled some of the Indians ' yucca?
What say the government plan is too much, too fast?
What do you even know?
What also will slice through Canaima National Park?
What also want officials to overturn last year's mining and logging decree?
Who deny their plans will wreak widespread environmental and cultural destruction?
Who do the Pemons and three other tribes also want to grant them title to what they say are millions of acres of their ancestral lands?
What would thousands of jobs be created through to be built on sacred Pemon lands in Canaima?
What is the Indians ' yucca?
Who were here before Colombus?
What did Mary Lou Goodwin of the Audubon Society in Venezuela say Imataca is?
Who were the Pemons and three other tribes here before?
Who do Environmentalists and Indians say are not opposed to all development in the jungles?
What do the Pemons and three other tribes say?
What is the park home to?''
Who authorized large-scale logging and gold and diamond mining in nearly half of Imataca?
What do authorities contend with?
What is the park to the mysterious flat-topped mountains that inspired Sir Arthur Conan Doyle's classic adventure story ``The Lost World?''
What do they also want officials to recognize?
Who do they also want to overturn last year's mining and logging decree?
What did EL DORADO roll a huge log across the highway to block?
What is corn, banana and pineapple crops?
Who do they also want to recognize their right to decide the future of the region?
Who said Rapid economic development ``is going to mean the death of the jungles and of the indigenous people''?
What are the Pemons and three other tribes nothing in?
Who do the Pemons and three other tribes also want to recognize their right to decide the future of the region?
What have bulldozers already leveled?
Who said, We 're the owners of this land?
What say they are not opposed to all development in the jungles?
What do Environmentalists and Indians say are not opposed to all development in the jungles?
What also want officials to grant them title to what they say are millions of acres of their ancestral lands?
What do nature lovers and scientists from around the world come to visit?
What was defending its piece of paradise?
What do Environmentalists and Indians say they are not opposed to?
What do the Pemon Indians 're being drawn by?''
Who do the Pemons and three other tribes say plan to keep shutting down the highway until the government halts the electricity project?
What did Mary Lou Goodwin of the Audubon Society in Venezuela say Imataca is one of I 've ever seen?
Who do they also want to grant them title to what they say are millions of acres of their ancestral lands?
What will help control thousands of illegal miners who poison rivers with mercury?
What do authorities deny?
Who even knows what you 're destroying?
What will large companies help control thousands of illegal miners who poison rivers with?
What have bulldozers already leveled some of?
What are we nothing in?
What will the power line also slice through?
Who also want officials to overturn last year's mining and logging decree?
When did about 400 Indians trying to stop the line periodically block traffic on a highway used by construction crews as national guardsmen stood by in riot gear?
What do they 're being drawn by?''
What do the Pemons and three other tribes say plan to keep shutting down the highway until the government halts the electricity project?
What are drugs?
Who said Imataca is one of the most gorgeous endemic forests I 've ever seen?
What do they also want officials to overturn?
What are rising in Venezuela's Amazon rain forests?
What did EL DORADO roll a huge log across to block traffic?
What was Venezuela _ The Pemon Indians?
Who say they plan to keep shutting down the highway until the government halts the electricity project?
What do Environmentalists and Indians say officials will not properly regulate?
What did President Rafael Caldera authorize large-scale in nearly half of Imataca?
Who see the region as a vast untapped source of wealth that could help alleviate the poverty that afflicts more than half of Venezuela's population?
What do authorities deny will wreak widespread environmental and cultural destruction?
What was the tribe defending its piece of?
What did President Rafael Caldera authorize large-scale logging and gold and diamond mining in?
What also want officials to recognize their right to decide the future of the region?
What do authorities deny their plans will wreak?
Who were we here before?
What are the Pemons and three other tribes in the eyes of the Venezuelan government?
What do they contend with?
Who also want officials to grant them title to what they say are millions of acres of their ancestral lands?
What did EL DORADO roll across the highway to block traffic?
What are we in the eyes of the Venezuelan government?
What do government officials see the region as?
What did about 400 Indians trying to stop the line periodically block traffic on as national guardsmen stood by in riot gear during the last two weeks?
What sprayed tear gas?
Who did Jose Luis Gonzalez say within hours, attacked the community?
What did CARACAS spray tear?
Who told The Associated Press that ``we cannot speak of injuries?''
Who told The Associated Press that ``Indians cannot speak of injuries?''
What did Gen. Pedro Zambrano tell that ``Indians cannot speak of injuries?''
What did CARACAS shoot rubber bullets Wednesday at?
What was Venezuela _ The National Guard?
Who did Jose Luis Gonzalez say suffered eye damage when a tear-gas bomb exploded in his face?
What were a version denied by the National Guard?
Who occupied the site where crews planned to begin erecting an electricity tower Wednesday?
Who said within hours, national guardsmen attacked the community?
Who said 13-year-old Orangel Pulido suffered eye damage when a tear-gas bomb exploded in his face?
What did the Indians say three of their members were hospitalized with?
What did about 350 members of the Pemon tribe in southern Bolivar state occupy?
What did he tear were used?
What shot rubber bullets Wednesday at a group of Indians protesting the construction of a high-voltage electricity line in the Amazon jungle?
What has been trying to block the 300-mile power line's construction for the past month?
What was Jose Luis Gonzalez head of?
Who did he say suffered eye damage when a tear-gas bomb exploded in his face?
Who did Jose Luis Gonzalez say within hours, arrived?
When did Jose Luis Gonzalez say, national guardsmen attacked the community?
What did Gonzalez say?
What did Jose Luis Gonzalez say 13-year-old Orangel Pulido suffered when a tear-gas bomb exploded in his face?
Who did Gonzalez say included 13-year-old Orangel Pulido?
What was CARACAS?
What were injuries?
How many members of the Pemon tribe in southern Bolivar state occupied the site where crews planned to begin erecting an electricity tower Wednesday?
What did he tear?
When has the Pemon tribe been trying to block the 300-mile power line's construction?
Who did confirm ``there were some shots of rubber bullets?''
Who did Gonzalez say the three victims included?
Who was state leader of the National Guard?
Who said the three victims included 13-year-old Orangel Pulido?
Who said three of their members were hospitalized with injuries?
Who was head of the state's Indigenous Federation?
How many victims did Gonzalez say included 13-year-old Orangel Pulido?
When did Jose Luis Gonzalez say, national guardsmen arrived?
What did he say 13-year-old Orangel Pulido suffered when a tear-gas bomb exploded in his face?
What did Gen. Pedro Zambrano tear were used?
What did Gen. Pedro Zambrano tell that ``we cannot speak of injuries?''
What did Gen. Pedro Zambrano tear?
Who was Gen. Pedro Zambrano?
What was Jose Luis Gonzalez?
What was Gen. Pedro Zambrano state leader of?
Who did tear gas bombs were used?
What did the Indians say with?
Who did the Indians say were hospitalized with injuries?
Who said within hours, national guardsmen arrived?
What did Jose Luis Gonzalez say within hours, national guardsmen attacked?
Who says I 've been defeated?
What argue the companies will run programs to teach illegal miners better techniques?
What is the amount of gold sacks processed down from 600 a day to?
What is one of the world's largest hydroelectric plants?
What erected a statue of a miner with a pick in his hand and a dog at his side at the center of Las Claritas?
What do officials not say?
Who were illegal miners in their minds?
What did they erect a statue of a miner with a pick in his hand and a dog at his side at?
When did thousands of miners flood into the Imataca rain forest?
What do they put into sacks?
What did the government sell rights to to Canada's Placer Dome and other mining companies?
What did miner Juan Tremeria say was easy?
When does he's ticking off before he quits this one-time boom town that's going bust?
What were they pioneers in?
What do international companies that have concessions to mine for gold argue the companies use?
What did they come from as far as out of plastic sheets and wooden poles?
Who does the 25-year-old gold hunter say 've been defeated?
When did one of them use to operate?
What has environmentalists worried that miners are moving to untapped lands where they will leave more paths of destruction?
What was rife with drugs?
What has that environmentalists worried that miners are moving to?
What came from as far as Colombia, Brazil and the Dominican Republic and built houses out of plastic sheets and wooden poles?
Who forced Las Claritas ' residents to relocate a few miles away?
What did ecologists say hoses used to uproot trees?
Who did authorities force to relocate a few miles away?
When now it cranks up?
What were violence and prostitution?
What is down from 600 a day to 50?
What blew their money on alcohol?
What do they question the government's claims about?
What do thousands of miners put into sacks?
What did government officials complain?
Who is lucky if he makes dlrs 400- dlrs 500 a month?
Who works at one of them?
What do international companies that have concessions to mine for gold argue use sophisticated technology?
Who's ticking off the days before he quits this one-time boom town that's going bust?
What searched for gold that over the centuries has attracted explorers like Sir Walter Raleigh?
What did the Amazon rain forests of eastern Venezuela use to be?
What do environmentalists question the government's claims about?
What has dwindled to 3,000?
What do Environmentalists contend will overwhelm the forest?
Who were pioneers like?
What do padron and other environmentalists charge that National Guardsmen are collecting bribes from illegal miners to allow to operate in the new areas?
What built a frontier town called Las Claritas on top of what is believed to be the richest gold deposit in Latin America in Imataca?
What were goods expensive at?
What _ Las Nuevas Claritas _ prospered at first?
Where did they erect a statue of a miner with a pick in his hand and a dog at the center of Las Claritas?
Who said there was easy?
Who argue the companies will run programs to teach illegal miners better techniques?
Who searched for gold that over the centuries has attracted explorers like Sir Walter Raleigh?
Who said the miners destroyed the environment with mercury?
What argue the companies use sophisticated technology?
What did they erect a statue of a miner with at his side at the center of Las Claritas?
What is the government chasing illegal miners off some of the best land to make for international companies that have concessions to mine for gold?
What did thousands of miners flood into in the 1980s?
Who have fortunes stashed away from gold's heyday?
Who do not say they are working to curb corruption?
Who has that worried that miners are moving to untapped lands where they will leave more paths of destruction?
What are some miners already heading to?
Whose village was rife with drugs?
Where do padron and other environmentalists charge that National Guardsmen are collecting bribes from illegal miners to allow them to operate?
What did most blow their money on?
What is the government chasing illegal miners off some of the best land to make way for?
Who was head of the National Ecological and Social Union?
Who did illegal miners erect a statue of with a pick in his hand and a dog at his side at the center of Las Claritas?
What sold rights to the prized mining site to Canada's Placer Dome and other mining companies?
Who did ecologists say destroyed the environment with mercury?
Who said there was lots of gold?
What were drugs?
What did Sir Walter Raleigh seek?
Where did they build a frontier town called Las Claritas in Imataca?
What put them into sacks?
What was before it?
What did they erect a statue of a miner with a pick in his hand and a dog at at the center of Las Claritas?
What do officials say bringing in to the mining areas will provide thousands of jobs and decrease ecological damage?
What did thousands of miners come from as far as out of plastic sheets and wooden poles?
Who erected a statue of a miner with a pick in his hand and a dog at his side at the center of Las Claritas?
Who do they put into sacks?
Who did thousands of miners search for gold that over the centuries has attracted?
What flooded into the Imataca rain forest in the 1980s?
What was the miners's village rife with?
What is chasing illegal miners off some of the best land to make way for international companies that have concessions to mine for gold?
What do I 'm not doing?
What did they build a frontier town called Las Claritas on top of what is believed to be the richest gold deposit in Latin America in?
When do few miners have?
Who did they search for gold that over the centuries has attracted?
What are such as the fragile areas?
Who do not deny the allegation?
What is the Guri Dam?
Before what was the town's population a situation of?
What do international companies that have concessions to mine for gold argue will run programs to teach illegal miners better techniques?
What were pioneers in their minds?
What cranks up no more than six hours?
Who say bringing in dozens of companies to the mining areas will provide thousands of jobs and decrease ecological damage?
Where did illegal miners erect a statue of a miner with a pick in his hand and a dog at the center of Las Claritas?
Who put them into sacks?
What did illegal miners erect a statue of a miner with a pick in his hand and a dog at at the center of Las Claritas?
What are the mining companies as?
What do officials not say they are working to curb?
Who said high-pressure water hoses used to uproot trees?
What do officials say bringing in dozens of companies to will provide thousands of jobs and decrease ecological damage?
What did thousands of miners search for that over the centuries has attracted explorers like Sir Walter Raleigh?
What does Guarico work at?
Who earned as much as dlrs 5,000 a month at a time when the average worker in Venezuela made about dlrs 200 during the boom?
When used to boast a couple dozen ore mills?
What is the Guri Dam one of?
What did the town grow to?
Who complained a statue of a miner was impossible to collect taxes or control the miners?
What did thousands of miners build a frontier town called Las Claritas on in Imataca?
Who do officials not say are working to curb corruption?
Who came from as far as Colombia, Brazil and the Dominican Republic and built houses out of plastic sheets and wooden poles?
What do they question?
Who charge that National Guardsmen are collecting bribes from illegal miners to allow them to operate in the new areas?
When did one of there use to operate?
What is the government chasing illegal miners off to make way for international companies that have concessions to mine for gold?
What did government officials complain was impossible to collect taxes or control the miners?
What was Jorge Padron head of?
What is the amount of gold sacks processed down from to 50?
What do they argue the companies use?
Where did they erect a statue of a miner with a pick in his hand and a dog at his side?
What did Sir Walter Raleigh seek the legendary golden city of?
What did they erect with a pick in his hand and a dog at his side at the center of Las Claritas?
What did miners earn as much as dlrs 5,000 a month at a time when the average worker in Venezuela made about dlrs 200 during?
What grew to 10,000 people?
What did ecologists say?
What put rocks into sacks?
Who complained it was impossible to collect taxes or control the miners?
What was Jorge Padron?
What did ecologists say with?
What did thousands of miners dig out?
Who built a frontier town called Las Claritas on top of what is believed to be the richest gold deposit in Latin America in Imataca?
Where did the government sell rights to Canada's Placer Dome and other mining companies?
How many hours a day did one of there use to operate?
What did ecologists say the miners destroyed the environment with?
What did miner Juan Tremeria say there was?
Who were they in their minds?
What did illegal miners erect a statue of a miner with a pick in his hand and a dog at his side at?
How many hours now it cranks up?
What dug out rocks?
What were illegal miners pioneers in?
What had good days and bad?
Before what was a situation of bonanza?
Who is the government chasing off some of the best land to make way for international companies that have concessions to mine for gold?
Who argue the companies use sophisticated technology?
What did most blow on alcohol?
Who works at one of there?
Who dug out rocks?
What do they put them into?
Who were like the rest of Venezuela that was experiencing an oil boom?
When did miners earn as much as dlrs 5,000 a month during the boom?
What do few miners have stashed away from gold's heyday?
What used to operate 24 hours a day?
What did ecologists say high-pressure water hoses used to uproot?
How many hours a day did one of them use to operate?
Who is fading?
What did thousands of miners search for gold?
Who did they erect a statue of with a pick in his hand and a dog at his side at the center of Las Claritas?
What were expensive at the remote jungle village?
What did thousands of miners build on top of what is believed to be the richest gold deposit in Latin America in Imataca?
What did thousands of miners build a frontier town called Las Claritas on top of what is believed to be the richest gold deposit in Latin America in?
What do environmentalists question?
What did the government sell to the prized mining site to Canada's Placer Dome and other mining companies?
Who sought the legendary golden city of ``El Dorado''?
What question the government's claims about jobs and training programs?
What does he quit?
Who said it was easy?
When did the gold diggers neglect to save?
What do officials not say are working to curb corruption?
Who are already heading to new sites not sold to the mining companies around the river headwaters that feed the Guri Dam?
What is LAS NUEVAS CLARITAS lounging in?
Who quits this one-time boom town that's going bust?
What did illegal miners erect with a pick in his hand and a dog at his side at the center of Las Claritas?
Who did the government sell rights to the prized mining site to?
What do Environmentalists contend the companies will overwhelm?
What do padron and other environmentalists charge that National Guardsmen are collecting bribes from illegal miners to allow them to operate in?
When did miners earn as much as dlrs 5,000 at a time when the average worker in Venezuela made about dlrs 200 during the boom?
What is LAS NUEVAS CLARITAS?
What did illegal miners erect a statue of a miner with at his side at the center of Las Claritas?
What have contributed to the hard times?
What did they build a frontier town called Las Claritas on in Imataca?
What used to boast a couple dozen ore mills?
What used to be a place where a poor man with a pick and shovel could strike it rich _ or at least dream of it?
Who do padron and other environmentalists charge from?
What was before the town's population?
What do Environmentalists contend?
What do padron and other environmentalists charge that National Guardsmen are collecting from illegal miners to allow them to operate in the new areas?
Before what was it a situation of?
What do they argue will run programs to teach illegal miners better techniques?
Who do padron and other environmentalists charge that National Guardsmen are collecting bribes from to allow them to operate in the new areas?
Where are some miners already heading?
Where did illegal miners erect a statue of a miner with a pick in his hand and a dog at his side?
Who question the government's claims about jobs and training programs?
What is lounging in a hammock near gigantic Amazonian gold deposits where he has spent 11 years searching for his jackpot?
What do thousands of miners put rocks into?
When do few miners have fortunes stashed away?
Where do officials say bringing in dozens of companies will provide thousands of jobs and decrease ecological damage?
What has the town's population dwindled to?
Who 'mes not doing anything?
Who were pioneers in their minds?
What did ecologists say the miners destroyed with mercury?
What do officials not deny?
What has that environmentalists worried to?
What did they dig out?
What did they build on top of what is believed to be the richest gold deposit in Latin America in Imataca?
What were the gold diggers like?
Who contend the companies will overwhelm the forest?
Whose residents did authorities force to relocate a few miles away?
What did they search for gold?
Where did thousands of miners build a frontier town called Las Claritas in Imataca?
Who do the new town _ _ prospered at first?
What is Venezuela _ ``Guarico''?
What do international companies that have concessions to mine for gold argue the companies will run to teach illegal miners better techniques?
What do they argue the companies will run to teach illegal miners better techniques?
Who do padron and other environmentalists charge that National Guardsmen are collecting bribes from illegal miners to allow to operate in the new areas?
Who neglected to save for a rainy day?
What did miner Juan Tremeria say there was lots of?
What do the new town _?
Who were like the men and women who conquered the Wild West in the United States?
What have falling international gold prices contributed to?
What do officials say in?
What do they argue use sophisticated technology?
What is the government chasing illegal miners off for?
What did they search for that over the centuries has attracted explorers like Sir Walter Raleigh?
Who was Jose Luis Gonzalez?
What does President Jamil Mahuad try to reform?
Who also joined the strike?
What did U. S. Ambassador Anne Patterson say during at a ceremony in this hamlet 100 miles southeast of San Salvador?
How many people in Central America did Hurricane Mitch kill?
Who was Chavez?
What did about half of the businesses in Guayaquil close to protest?
What have been helped home with Thursday's return?
What was Guayaquil?
Who did guayaquil police report arresting for causing disturbances?
Who was the site of what is believed to be one of the largest gold deposits in Latin America?
Who have Police officials warned?
What does he try to drag from its worst economic crisis in decades?
What was Venezuela-- Indians clad in loincloths?
Whose proposal to raise taxes to reduce the small South American nation's $1. 2 billion budget deficit did about half of the businesses in Guayaquil close to protest?
What marked the final chapter of an international effort to resettle Guatemala?
What did GUATEMALA CITY-- Refugees from Guatemala's civil war mark?
How many Guatemalan refugees remain in 60 camps in the southern Mexican state Chiapas?
When did Hurricane Mitch cause billions of dollar in damage?
Who was El Salvador-- U. S. army reserve members?
Who are one of the last Stone Age tribes on earth?
What did bus drivers block with their vehicles to protest the planned gasoline price increase?
What did bus drivers block roads with their vehicles to protest?
What did tens of thousands of Guatemalans flee to beginning in 1981 amid violence from the country's civil war?
What was largely peaceful?
Who did some say planned to seize it?
When has their culture been hurt by contact with modernity?
What did Hurricane Mitch cause in October and November?
What has Mahuad faced as he tries to reform Ecuador's bankrupt economy and drag it from its worst economic crisis in decades in eight months in office?
What said they planned to seize it?
What did GUATEMALA CITY-- Refugees from Guatemala's civil war return to from Mexico on Thursday?
When did about 60 Indians protest outside Congress?
What was------ CHILANGUERA?
What has been hurt in recent years by contact with modernity?
What did about 60 Indians protest outside Thursday?
What does President Jamil Mahuad try to drag from its worst economic crisis in decades?
Who will either return individually or stay in Mexico under a nationalization program offered by that country?
What did municipal workers demanding a greater share of the nation's budget for cities place across roads to strengthen the blockades?
What were the refugees welcomed with Thursday in the town square of Coatepeque, 125 miles west of Guatemala?
Who barricaded access roads to the airport Tuesday?
How many striking drivers did guayaquil police report arresting for causing disturbances?
Who remain in 60 camps in the southern Mexican state Chiapas?
What did------ QUITO close blocked streets and many businesses Thursday in?
Who started work Thursday on a joint project with the Salvadoran army to rebuild bridges and public facilities destroyed by Hurricane Mitch in November?
When will the 350 reservists but including reserve members from 15 other states-- work rebuilding highways, bridges, roads, schools and health clinics?
What did some say planned to seize it?
What are the last group to be resettled under a U. N. -supervised program in which the Guatemalan government offered them low-interest loans to buy farmland?
When have students backed by the leftist Sandinista party been demonstrating to demand that the center-right government of Arnoldo Aleman increase budgets for universities?
What did bus drivers block roads with to protest the planned gasoline price increase?
What did------ CHILANGUERA start work Thursday on a joint project with?
Who called the return of 294 Guatemalans a successful example of resettlement efforts?
What marked the final chapter of an international effort to resettle them?
Where did tens of thousands of Guatemalans flee beginning in 1981 amid violence from the country's civil war?
What did tens of thousands of Guatemalans flee to Mexico and the United States beginning in 1981 amid violence from?
What does he try to drag it from in decades?
What have a total of 41,633 Guatemalans been helped home with?
When does he try to drag it from its worst economic crisis?
Where did GUATEMALA CITY-- Refugees from Guatemala's civil war return from Mexico on Thursday?
Who blocked roads with their vehicles to protest the planned gasoline price increase?
What was Las Cristinas?
What returned to Guatemala's homeland from Mexico on Thursday?
How many protesters have been arrested since the disturbances began?
What were the refugees welcomed with religious services and music Thursday in?
When did GUATEMALA CITY-- Refugees from Guatemala's civil war return to their homeland from Mexico?
Whose failure to halt gold mining in Venezuela's Amazon rain forests did------ CARACAS protest?
What did municipal workers demanding a greater share of the nation's budget for cities also join?
What did municipal workers demanding a greater share of the nation's budget for cities place city trucks and construction equipment across?
What was 165 miles southwest of Quito?
What did Chavez promise during?
What has their culture been hurt in recent years by?
What did------ CHILANGUERA start work Thursday on with the Salvadoran army to rebuild bridges and public facilities destroyed by Hurricane Mitch in November?
Who killed more than 9,000 people in Central America?
What did------ CARACAS protest?
Who tries to reform Ecuador's bankrupt economy?
What are the Yanomamis?
What was Jose Luis Gonzalez a leader of?
What are they?
Who tries to drag Ecuador's bankrupt economy from its worst economic crisis in decades?
Who are the last group to be resettled under a U. N. -supervised program in which the Guatemalan government offered them low-interest loans to buy farmland?
What does President Jamil Mahuad try to drag Ecuador's bankrupt economy from in decades?
How many miles southwest of Quito was Guayaquil?
What was Ecuador?
What did Hurricane Mitch cause billions of in damage in October and November?
What do about 13,000 Guatemalan refugees remain in?
What will either return individually or stay in Mexico under a nationalization program offered by that country?
Who have been arrested since the disturbances began?
Who tries to drag it from its worst economic crisis in decades?
What was Ecuador's largest city?
What did U. S. Ambassador Anne Patterson say the projects are aimed at ``preventing another disaster like the one that occurred during the recent hurricane'' at?
What did the students barricade access roads to Tuesday?
What closed their doors Thursday in Guayaquil?
What are Refugees from Guatemala's civil war?
Who placed city trucks and construction equipment across roads to strengthen the blockades?
Who have been demonstrating for three weeks to demand that the center-right government of Arnoldo Aleman increase budgets for universities?
What did------ QUITO close their doors Thursday in?
Who was buried in an emotional ceremony?
What have a total of 41,633 Guatemalans been helped with Thursday's return?
Where were the refugees welcomed with religious services and music Thursday?
Who was a former coup leader who took office in February?
What did GUATEMALA CITY-- Refugees from Guatemala's civil war mark the final chapter of?
What returned to their homeland from Mexico on Thursday?
When were the refugees welcomed with religious services and music in the town square of Coatepeque, 125 miles west of Guatemala?
What did tens of thousands of Guatemalans flee to Mexico and the United States beginning in 1981 amid from the country's civil war?
Who promised during his campaign to reverse a 1997 decree that legalized gold and diamond mining in the pristine Imataca rain forest in southeast Venezuela?
What came one day after a 21-year-old law student killed by a rubber bullet fired by police Tuesday was buried in an emotional ceremony?
What did Hurricane Mitch kill?
What closed blocked streets and many businesses Thursday in Guayaquil?
What did Jose Luis Gonzalez say Chavez has approved?
Where did------ QUITO close their doors Thursday?
What have been injured in the clashes?
What protested President Hugo Chavez's failure to halt gold mining in Venezuela's Amazon rain forests?
Who did Jose Luis Gonzalez say has approved mining projects?
Who have warned protesters they might begin using regular ammunition if demonstrators continue to attack public buildings and police lines with rocks and mortars?
Who was a leader of the Pemon tribe?
What reported arresting 25 striking drivers for causing disturbances?
Who were welcomed with religious services and music Thursday in the town square of Coatepeque, 125 miles west of Guatemala?
What began?
What did some say they planned to seize?
Who will work for the next four months rebuilding highways, bridges, roads, schools and health clinics?
Who protested outside Congress Thursday?
What have dozens of police officers and students been injured in?
Where did------ QUITO close blocked streets and many businesses Thursday?
Who said Chavez has approved mining projects?
When did GUATEMALA CITY-- Refugees from Guatemala's civil war return to Guatemala's homeland from Mexico?
What did GUATEMALA CITY-- Refugees from Guatemala's civil war return to their homeland from on Thursday?
When does President Jamil Mahuad try to drag Ecuador's bankrupt economy from its worst economic crisis?
What was a 21-year-old law student killed by a rubber bullet fired by police Tuesday buried in?
What does he try to reform?
What was------ QUITO?
What closed to protest President Jamil Mahuad's proposal to raise taxes to reduce the small South American nation's $1. 2 billion budget deficit?
What did Jose Luis Gonzalez say?
What fled to Mexico and the United States beginning in 1981 amid violence from the country's civil war?
What will the 350 reservists but including reserve members from 15 other states-- work for the next four months rebuilding?
What was------ CARACAS?
What was Venezuela-- Indians smeared with warpaint on Thursday?
What did some say?
What did GUATEMALA CITY-- Refugees from Guatemala's civil war return to Guatemala's homeland from on Thursday?
Who caused billions of dollar in damage in October and November?
What is the mercury sold to?
What did the company say the mercury leaked onto a road near the village southwest of?
What was the village?
What did last month cite 70 confirmed cases of?
Who was the government's official newspaper?
What is the mercury?
What was Peru-- The Peruvian government?
What was being transported by a private trucking firm?
What did last month cite?
Who was Andres Vargas?
Who had already pledged to pay all costs for medical treatment and environmental cleanup?
What is sold to a Lima-based firm that uses it for medical equipment?
Who lapsed into a coma?
Who said a local midwife was the only person to fall gravely ill?
What was Cajamarca, 350 miles north of the capital?
Who was associate director of the Regional Hospital of Cajamarca, 350 miles north of the capital?
How many miles was the village?
What had officials from the Yanacocha gold mine already pledged to pay all costs for?
How many gallons of the toxic liquid metal in the village of Choropampa did a truck carrying mercury from the Yanacocha gold mine spill?
What did the company say the mercury leaked onto a road near the village?
What was LIMA?
What is the mercury a byproduct of?
What fined Latin America's largest gold mine $500,000 for a mercury spill in June that poisoned dozens of Andean villagers?
Who did Andres Vargas say a local midwife was?
What was announced Tuesday in a legal notice in the government's official newspaper?
Who was Andres Vargas associate director of the Regional Hospital of?
How many confirmed cases of mercury contamination did last month cite?
Who was Lima?
What was it being transported by?
What was Andres Vargas associate director of of Cajamarca, 350 miles north of the capital?
What said the mercury leaked onto a road near the village southwest of the mine?
What did the company say the mercury leaked onto southwest of the mine?
What has a 51. 4 percent stake in the operation?
What is a byproduct of the mining operation?
What had officials from the Yanacocha gold mine already pledged to pay for medical treatment and environmental cleanup?
What was southwest of the mine being transported by?
What did a local midwife lapse into?
What does the Newmont Mining Company of Denver have?
What did the company say leaked onto a road near the village southwest of the mine?
What spilled about 3 gallons of the toxic liquid metal in the village of Choropampa?
What was 53 miles?
When was the fine announced in a legal notice in the government's official newspaper?
What was El Peruano?
What did a truck carrying mercury from the Yanacocha gold mine spill about 3 gallons of?
What was the fine announced Tuesday in?
When cited 70 confirmed cases of mercury contamination?
Who did Andres Vargas say was the only person to fall gravely ill?
What did a truck carrying mercury from the Yanacocha gold mine spill?
What did Gold production in 1995 stand at?
What earned 800 million U. S. dollars?
What was February 2-- Peru's mining production?
What did its copper export earn?
How many U. S. dollars did Peru's copper output in 1995's copper export earn?
What did Peru's copper output in 1995's copper export earn?
When did gold export amount to 600 million dollars?
What was Peru's copper output in 1995?
What did the sources forecast that gold output in Peru will be?
What said today LIMA is expected to increase by 7 to 8 percent in 1996 if international metal prices are stable?
How many U. S. dollars did its copper export earn?
What amounted to 600 million dollars last year?
When was LIMA?
How many tons was Peru's copper output in 1995?
What is gold output in Peru rich in?
When did peruvian mining industry sources say LIMA is expected to increase by 7 to 8 percent in 1996 if international metal prices are stable?
What did peruvian mining industry sources say today is expected to increase by 7 to 8 percent in 1996 if international metal prices are stable?
What was 480,000 tons?
What did gold export amount to last year?
What stood at between 53 and 55 tons?
What did the sources forecast?
What is rich in mineral resources?
When has gold mining proved to be very profitable?
What was signed by Thai Deputy Prime Minister Amnuay Viravan during his visit to Peru in January?
What is BANGKOK seeking from Thai entrepreneurs to develop Peru's gold mining and fine jewelry manufacturing industries?
What was Maurtua quoted by as saying?
When was the agreement signed by Thai Deputy Prime Minister Amnuay Viravan during his visit to Peru?
What is seeking investments from Thai entrepreneurs to develop Peru's gold mining and fine jewelry manufacturing industries?
What was the agreement signed by Thai Deputy Prime Minister Amnuay Viravan during in January?
What has proved to be very profitable in recent years?
Who is Oscar Maurtua de Romana?
Who is BANGKOK seeking investments from to develop Peru's gold mining and fine jewelry manufacturing industries?
What will cover all aspects of gold mining, financing and technological processes?
Who was quoted by today's Bangkok Post as saying?
What is seeking investments from Thai entrepreneurs to develop its gold mining and fine jewelry manufacturing industries?
Who is the Peruvian ambassador to Thailand?
What is March 25?
What is BANGKOK seeking from Thai entrepreneurs to develop its gold mining and fine jewelry manufacturing industries?
What will the symposium cover?
What will the symposium cover all aspects of?
When is BANGKOK?
Who said?
Who was the agreement signed by during his visit to Peru in January?
Who is BANGKOK seeking investments from to develop its gold mining and fine jewelry manufacturing industries?
What will next week's symposium promote?
Who will visit the Peruvian capital Lima at the head of a delegation next week?
When did a press release from the Peruvian Embassy in Bangkok say the gold mining industry has grown by leaps and bounds?
How many participants did that meeting draw?
What will Patima Srichoomsiri visit the Peruvian capital Lima at next week?
What reported today?
Who will attend Peru's Second International Gold Symposium there?
What did a press release from the Peruvian Embassy in Bangkok say by?
What will Patima Srichoomsiri attend there?
What will highlight the current state of gold resources in the country?
What will promote new investment in the industry?
What did the gold mining industry prompt to organize the first international gold symposium in 1994?
What prompted Peru's National Mining and Petroleum Society to organize the first international gold symposium in 1994?
What did a press release from the Peruvian Embassy in Bangkok say has grown by leaps and bounds in recent years?
What was May 4-- Officials from the Thai Chamber of Commerce?
What did the gold mining industry prompt Peru's National Mining and Petroleum Society to organize?
What did a press release from the Peruvian Embassy in Bangkok say the gold mining industry has grown by in recent years?
What drew more than 800 participants?
What will next week's symposium highlight?
What will next week's symposium highlight the current state of?
When did the Bangkok post report?
What said the gold mining industry has grown by leaps and bounds in recent years?
When was BANGKOK?
Who did that meeting draw?
How many dollars a year did the chairman of the gold committee of the National Mining and Petroleum Society say Gold production totals right now?
When did the Energy and Mining Ministry say LIMA turned out 56. 4 tons of gold in 1995?
When did LIMA represent an increase of 18 percent?
What did LIMA represent an increase of over the previous year?
Who said Gold production is expected to increase to 1. 2 billion in the next few years?
When did the Energy and Mining Ministry say today LIMA turned out 56. 4 tons of gold?
Who said it is expected to increase to 1. 2 billion in the next few years?
What did the chairman of the gold committee of the National Mining and Petroleum Society say is expected to increase to 1. 2 billion in the next few years?
What was May 7-- Peru?
What did LIMA represent over the previous year?
What said?
What did the chairman of the gold committee of the National Mining and Petroleum Society say totals 700 million dollars a year right now?
What did the Energy and Mining Ministry say today LIMA turned out in 1995?
What are gold mining companies?
Who said Gold production totals 700 million dollars a year right now?
What is the third most important export item after copper and fishmeal for Peru?
What did the Energy and Mining Ministry say today turned out 56. 4 tons of gold in 1995?
What did the chairman of the gold committee of the National Mining and Petroleum Society say it totals right now?
Who is Peru after Brazil?
What is Peru the world's 12th biggest gold producer and second in South America after?
What is gold for Peru?
What is gold the third most important export item after copper and fishmeal for?
When was LIMA?
What did the Energy and Mining Ministry say today LIMA turned out 56. 4 tons of in 1995?
How many dollars a year did the chairman of the gold committee of the National Mining and Petroleum Society say it totals right now?
What said today LIMA turned out 56. 4 tons of gold in 1995?
What totaled 35 million dollars a year?
What did the chairman of the gold committee of the National Mining and Petroleum Society say Gold production totals right now?
What represented an increase of 18 percent over the previous year?
Who said it totals 700 million dollars a year right now?
What is the world's 12th biggest gold producer and second in South America after Brazil?
How many tons of gold did the Energy and Mining Ministry say today LIMA turned out in 1995?
What are six of the country's 50 biggest exporting companies?
What has LIMA been discovered in?
What is May 11-- A rich gold seam with estimated reserves of 16. 8 million metric tons of mineral ore?
What has been discovered in South America's biggest gold mine in Peru?
What have been jointly exploiting the Yanacocha gold mine in northwest Peru for the last two years?
What was infrastructure?
Who said after the completion of infrastructure?
What was including a power generation plant and telecommunications system?
When is LIMA?
What did a company spokesman say after?
What did Panama have on 70,328 hectares out of a total of 71,304 hectares cultivated in the country in May?
What were followed by the Cayman Islands with 20 million dollars, the United States with 13. 7 million dollars and France?
What did January put in eighth place?
What did the increase in gold production put in the 17th place worldwide?
When did Panama have a harvest of 6. 6 million quintals of paddy rice on 70,328 hectares out of a total of 71,304 hectares cultivated in the country?
What reached 137 million dollars during the first five months?
What was paddy rice?
What showed Mexican Oil Reserves Reach 49 Billion Barrels MEXICO CITY-- Mexico's reserves of crude petroleum reached 49. 775 billion barrels in January worldwide?
What did the increase in gold production put Mexico in worldwide?
When have Investments by the British Petroleum company risen to 250 million dollars?
How many quintals will the average yield of rice per hectare for this agricultural year reach?
How many dollars did foreign investment in this country reach during the first five months?
Who was Japan with 53. 1 million dollars with 11. 8 million dollars?
What put Mexico in the 17th place worldwide?
What reached 9. 1 million U. S. dollars in May?
Who did the National Commission on Foreign Investment say reached 5. 6 billion dollars by the end of May?
What have Investments by the British Petroleum company risen to so far this year?
What are Investments by the British Petroleum company expected to reach 300 million dollars by?
What was mining?
What did Panama have a harvest of on 70,328 hectares out of a total of 71,304 hectares cultivated in the country in May?
How many dollars are Investments by the British Petroleum company expected to reach by the end of the year?
What was a 7. 38 percent increase over the last growing season?
What did 10. 6 percent go to to commerce?
What will BP Increases Investments in Venezuela CARACAS-- The British Petroleum Company invest 1 billion dollars over the next few years in Venezuela to activate?
What did Panama have a harvest of 6. 6 million quintals of paddy rice on in May?
What did 10. 6 percent go to the financial sector and 4. 7 percent to?
How many dollars were followed by the Cayman Islands with 20 million dollars, the United States with 13. 7 million dollars and France?
What did figures from the Federal Energy Commission show Mexican Oil Reserves Reach 49 Billion Barrels MEXICO CITY-- Mexico's reserves of crude petroleum reached worldwide?
Who stood at 35. 6 percent in communications while 10. 6 percent went to the financial sector and 4. 7 percent to commerce?
What accounts for 40. 6 percent of the total?
What were communications?
What were 17. 4 percent in mining?
What was due to an increase in demand for exports and to the investments that were made during the past two years in the mining industry?
Who are expected to reach 300 million dollars by the end of the year?
Who said?
What was 5. 1 percent in energy and 13. 2 percent for industry?
When put Mexico in eighth place?
What are Investments by the British Petroleum company expected to reach by the end of the year?
What was the biggest investor with 53. 1 million dollars with 11. 8 million dollars?
What did Investments in the economic sector stand at in communications while 10. 6 percent went to the financial sector and 4. 7 percent to commerce?
What did Foreign Investment in Venezuela Drops in May CARACAS-- Foreign direct investment in Venezuela reach in May?
What did figures from the Federal Energy Commission show reached 49. 775 billion barrels in January worldwide?
Where did the increase in gold production put Mexico worldwide?
What does Spain account for?
What will the average yield of rice per hectare for this agricultural year reach?
How many dollars did the National Commission on Foreign Investment say Foreign Investment in Peru LIMA-- Foreign investment in Peru reached by the end of May?
What did the National Commission on Foreign Investment say Foreign Investment in Peru LIMA-- Foreign investment in Peru reached by the end of May?
What will reach 94. 13 quintals?
What will invest 1 billion dollars over the next few years in Venezuela to activate its oil and gas exploration and exploitation programs in the country?
When did foreign investment in this country reach 137 million dollars?
What was May?
What did the National Commission on Foreign Investment say Foreign Investment in Peru LIMA-- Foreign investment in Peru reached 5. 6 billion dollars by?
What said Foreign Investment in Peru LIMA-- Foreign investment in Peru reached 5. 6 billion dollars by the end of May?
What had a harvest of 6. 6 million quintals of paddy rice on 70,328 hectares out of a total of 71,304 hectares cultivated in the country in May?
Who have risen to 250 million dollars so far this year?
Who is Spain?
What went to the financial sector and 4. 7 percent to commerce?
When did Foreign Investment in Venezuela Drops in May CARACAS-- Foreign direct investment in Venezuela reach 9. 1 million U. S. dollars?
When was a 82 percent drop compared with the previous month?
What was Japan the biggest investor with 53. 1 million dollars with?
What was Japan the biggest investor with with 11. 8 million dollars?
What did Investments in the economic sector stand at 35. 6 percent in while 10. 6 percent went to the financial sector and 4. 7 percent to commerce?
What did foreign investment in this country reach during the first five months?
What did a document of the Agricultural Development Ministry say harvest this 1995-96 agricultural season a total of 6. 7 million quintals of paddy rice?
How many U. S. dollars did Foreign Investment in Venezuela Drops in May CARACAS-- Foreign direct investment in Venezuela reach in May?
What did January put Mexico in?
Where did January put Mexico?
What were 53. 1 million dollars followed by?
What is the biggest investor?
When will SANTIAGO have produced 1. 9 million metric tons of refined copper?
What will have produced 1. 9 million metric tons of refined copper in 1996?
Who was Santa Barbara?
What went into operation?
What said the increasing momentum would become more accentuated in the next three years?
What did the SONAMI say would become more accentuated in the next three years?
What were new mining projects?
What will SANTIAGO have produced in 1996?
What did it say would become more accentuated in the next three years?
What said?
What were including El Abra?
When did it say the increasing momentum would become more accentuated?
How many metric tons of refined copper will SANTIAGO have produced in 1996?
What said the dynamic growth this year in the private mining sector had consolidated Chile as the world's leading copper producer?
What did the SONAMI say the dynamic growth this year in the private mining sector had consolidated as the world's leading copper producer?
What were estimated to produce 3. 2 million metric tons of refined copper?
When did the SONAMI say?
Who was Mantoverde?
When did it say?
What did new mining projects go into?
Who was Refugio?
Who did the SONAMI say as?
Who did the SONAMI say the dynamic growth this year in the private mining sector had consolidated Chile as?
What was El Abra?
What will SANTIAGO have produced 1. 9 million metric tons of in 1996?
Who was El Abra?
What did the SONAMI say had consolidated Chile as the world's leading copper producer?
When did the SONAMI say the increasing momentum would become more accentuated?
What said the decision took into account South Africa's emerging priorities in it's foreign policy and political, economic and other opportunities the countries had to offer?
What did bilateral trade between South Africa and Venezuela stand at with Peru at 45. 3 million Dollars?
What have the two Latin American countries also opened?
What announced today?
What has resident diplomatic missions in six Latin American countries?
Who are Argentina, Brazil, Chile, Cuba, Mexico and Uruguay?
What established diplomatic relations with Peru and Venezuela in July and December in 1993 respectively?
What did bilateral trade between South Africa and Venezuela stand at 41. 96 million U. S. Dollars and that with at 45. 3 million Dollars?
What does South Africa have?
What are they?
When did South Africa establish diplomatic relations with Peru and Venezuela in 1993 respectively?
How many Latin American countries have also opened embassies in South Africa?
What are Argentina, Brazil, Chile, Cuba, Mexico and Uruguay?
When was JOHANNESBURG?
What did the department say the decision took into account South Africa's emerging priorities in it's foreign policy and political, economic and other opportunities?
What are resident diplomatic missions?
What did the department say the decision took into in it's foreign policy and political, economic and other opportunities the countries had to offer?
What did South Africa establish in July and December in 1993 respectively?
When did the Department of Foreign Affairs announce?
When did South Africa establish diplomatic relations with Peru and Venezuela in July and December respectively?
What stood at 41. 96 million U. S. Dollars and that with Peru at 45. 3 million Dollars?
What was July 8-- South Africa?
What did the department say the decision took into account South Africa's emerging priorities in the countries had to offer?
Who said?
What did bilateral trade between South Africa and Venezuela stand at 41. 96 million U. S. Dollars and that with Peru at?
What have also opened embassies in South Africa?
When did it grow by 300,000 carats from the Mining Department?
What did Diamond production in 1994 fall to from the previous year's 1,000,000 carats?
What did Brazil's diamond production grow by last year from the Mining Department?
Who said the output totaled 900,000 carats?
When did RIO DE JANEIRO pick up last year in recession?
What did it grow by last year from the Mining Department?
What ranks seventh in the world?
What does Brazil's diamond production rank seventh in?
What did it grow by 300,000 carats last year from?
What did mining experts say totaled 900,000 carats?
What was August 5-- Brazil's diamond production?
What fell to 600,000 carats from the previous year's 1,000,000 carats?
When did Brazil's diamond production grow by 300,000 carats from the Mining Department?
What picked up last year after a year in recession?
What did Diamond production in 1994 fall to 600,000 carats from?
What did mining experts say the output totaled?
How many carats did mining experts say the output totaled?
When did RIO DE JANEIRO pick up after a year in recession?
What did Brazil's diamond production grow by 300,000 carats last year from?
What did RIO DE JANEIRO pick up last year after a year in?
What grew by 300,000 carats last year from the Mining Department?
When was RIO DE JANEIRO?
What have met opposition because of the undesirable effect they could have on environment?
Who could have on environment of the undesirable effect?
What did SAN JOSE-- The Central American countries and Canada sign here today?
What did a communique issued afterwards say that in the future both the Central American countries and Canada will take into account when developing their mining industry?
What have shown interest in investing in mining activities in Costa Rica and other Central American countries, mainly in gold exploitation?
What have such projects met because of the undesirable effect they could have on environment?
What could such projects have on environment of?
What was October 24?
When did a communique issued afterwards say that both the Central American countries and Canada will take into account the need of sustainable development when developing their mining industry?
What have several Canadian firms shown in investing in mining activities in Costa Rica and other Central American countries, mainly in gold exploitation?
When did SAN JOSE-- The Central American countries and Canada sign here an agreement on rules for a clear environment for the mining industry in Central America?
When did a communique issued afterwards say?
What could have on environment of the undesirable effect?
What said that in the future both the Central American countries and Canada will take into account the need of sustainable development when developing their mining industry?
When was SAN JOSE?
What could they have on environment of?
What signed here today an agreement on rules for a clear environment for the mining industry in Central America?
What could they have on of the undesirable effect?
What could such projects have on of the undesirable effect?
What will maintain investments in Chile of 1. 66 billion U. S. dollars this year at the same level as last year?
Who said Friday that these investments would be used in expanding or implementing projects linked to mining of copper, gold, silver and nitrates?
Who said total investments including those from the state enterprises in the sector will amount to 2. 4 billion dollars this year?
What did Titelman say will amount to 2. 4 billion dollars this year?
What did Titelman say to?
What did Titelman say total investments including those from the state enterprises in the sector will amount to this year?
What will SANTIAGO maintain investments in Chile of 1. 66 billion U. S. dollars this year at?
What did Director of the Chilean Copper Commission Eduardo Titelman say Friday?
When did Titelman say total investments including those from the state enterprises in the sector will amount to 2. 4 billion dollars?
Who are scheduled to discuss the international economic crisis and the development of Argentina's mining industry?
What are participants from mining sectors of 14 countries scheduled to discuss?
What will around 3. 5 billion U. S. dollars help increase from 32 million to 1. 3 billion dollars?
Who said Wednesday?
What will around 3. 5 billion U. S. dollars help increase gold exports from to 1. 3 billion dollars?
When did Meilan add?
How many U. S. dollars did Meilan add that from 1996 to 2000, the total investment in Argentina's mining sector would be?
What did Meilan add that from 1996 to 2000, the total investment in Argentina's mining sector would be?
What will help increase gold exports from 32 million to 1. 3 billion dollars?
What will around 3. 5 billion U. S. dollars help increase gold exports from 32 million to?
What was October 7-- Argentina?
Who added that from 1996 to 2000, the total investment in Argentina's mining sector would be around 3. 5 billion U. S. dollars?
When did a senior official of the Argentine Ministry of Mines say?
When was BUENOS AIRES?
How many U. S. dollars will help increase gold exports from 32 million to 1. 3 billion dollars?
What does Venezuela's gold output vary?
What does Venezuela boast?
What will 2. 04 billion dollars mainly take the form of strategic associations with?
How many dollars will mainly take the form of strategic associations with foreign companies?
What are its gold ore reserves estimated at?
What do the country's annual gold output's gold ore reserves represent?
What did the ministry estimate of?
What will mainly take the form of strategic associations with foreign companies?
What plans?
Who did the Energy and Mines Ministry say on Saturday CARACAS is expected to grow rapidly in the next few years thanks to massive investment growth by?
What varies between 1. 0 and 1. 2 tons a year?
How many hectares have already of gold prospection potentials been assigned?
What do its gold ore reserves represent 10 percent of?
When was CARACAS?
What was November 14-- Venezuela's gold production?
What have about 1. 5 million hectares already of been assigned?
What are the country's annual gold output's gold ore reserves estimated at?
What is coal, iron, nickel and bauxite?
What are estimated at 10,000 to 12,000 tons?
What do the country's annual gold output's gold ore reserves represent 10 percent of?
What is the mining of gold?
What is expected to attract between 1999 and 2003 4. 4 billion U. S. dollars in private capital to boost the mining of gold?
What does Venezuela boast approximately 3 million hectares of?
How many hectares of land with gold prospection potentials does Venezuela boast?
What have already of gold prospection potentials been assigned?
What boasts approximately 3 million hectares of land with gold prospection potentials?
How many tons a year does Venezuela's gold output vary?
What said on Saturday CARACAS is expected to grow rapidly in the next few years thanks to massive investment growth by national and foreign private investors?
What represent 10 percent of the world's total?
What will 2. 04 billion dollars mainly take the form of with foreign companies?
What will 2. 04 billion dollars mainly take with foreign companies?
What do its gold ore reserves represent?
What is December 19-- Peru's gold output this year?
What keeps Peru the eighth biggest gold manufacturing country in the world?
What did Jaime Uranga say the increase in gold output is a result of the effort of entrepreneurs and workers as well as?
Who said that some 480 million U. S. dollars have been put in?
Who was chairman of the National Mining, Oil, and Energy Society's Gold Committee?
What did Jaime Uranga say the increase in gold output is a result of as well as the confidence of national and foreign investors?
What did the average gold prices drop from to 294. 4 dollars per ounce in 1998?
Who said the increase in gold output is a result of the effort of entrepreneurs and workers as well as the confidence of national and foreign investors?
Who was Jaime Uranga?
What is expected to grow by 20. 5 percent from last year to 92. 6 tons?
When is LIMA?
How many tons keeps Peru the eighth biggest gold manufacturing country in the world?
What did Jaime Uranga say the increase in gold output is as well as the confidence of national and foreign investors?
What was Jaime Uranga chairman of?
Who said that the country's investment policy on gold mining has been sustained?
What dropped from 331. 3 dollars per ounce last year to 294. 4 dollars per ounce in 1998?
What did Jaime Uranga say?
What did the average gold prices drop from 331. 3 dollars per ounce last year to?
What did he say?
What did Jaime Uranga say is a result of the effort of entrepreneurs and workers as well as the confidence of national and foreign investors?
What did Gold increase by 55. 6 percent?
What did Energy and Mines Ministry spokesman say that 50 percent of the country's hard currency are from?
What was the most outstanding Peruvian mining export?
What said Thursday LIMA reached 2. 13 billion dollars during the January-October period?
What did Peru sell a total of during the first 10 months of the year in the same period of 1997?
What were the first 10 months compared with?
Who said that 50 percent of the country's hard currency are from the mining industry?
When did Peru sell a total of 641. 6 million dollars of gold in the same period of 1997?
What did the Energy and Mines Ministry say Thursday reached 2. 13 billion dollars during the January-October period?
When did the Energy and Mines Ministry say Thursday LIMA reached 2. 13 billion dollars?
What increased by 55. 6 percent the total value of its sales abroad?
What did Peru sell during the first 10 months of the year in the same period of 1997?
What did Gold increase by 55. 6 percent the total value of?
What sold a total of 641. 6 million dollars of gold during the first 10 months of the year in the same period of 1997?
When did the Energy and Mines Ministry say LIMA reached 2. 13 billion dollars during the January-October period?
How many dollars did the Energy and Mines Ministry say Thursday LIMA reached during the January-October period?
What did Gold increase by the total value of its sales abroad?
When was LIMA?
What was Gold?
What was December 24-- Peruvian main mining free on board exports?
When were compared with 412. 2 million dollars?
What did Energy and Mines Ministry spokesman say from?
When did Peru sell a total of 641. 6 million dollars of gold during the first 10 months of the year?
How many first months were compared with 412. 2 million dollars?
What did the Energy and Mines Ministry say Thursday LIMA reached during the January-October period?
Who said, ``We are working in long-term investments as hard as we have worked during the last ten years''?
How many tons the year were ten tons compared with that of last year?
Who was Carlos Galvez?
What did Peru's mining companies plan to invest over 350 million U. S. dollars to increase?
What were 140 tons the year?
What did Peru's mining companies plan to invest to increase gold production?
Who said on Wednesday?
What was Carlos Galvez president of the Gold Committee and Chief Executive Officer of?
What earned Peru about 1. 2 billion dollars in 1999?
What did the exports of gold earn Peru in 1999?
What were ten tons compared with that of last year?
What planned to invest over 350 million U. S. dollars to increase gold production?
When was LIMA?
Who added?
When did the exports of gold earn Peru about 1. 2 billion dollars?
How many U. S. dollars did Peru's mining companies plan to invest to increase gold production?
Who was president of the Gold Committee and Chief Executive Officer of Buenaventura company?
When did an official from the Mining, Oil and Energy National Society say?
What was Carlos Galvez president of of Buenaventura company?
What was April 19-- Peru?
How many dollars did the exports of gold earn Peru in 1999?
What is the rest of?
What is of gem value?
Who is Toco consortium?
What is Toco consortium owner of?
What is owner of the mine?
What is around 65 million karats a year?
What will turn Venezuela into one of the world's largest diamond producers in a not too distant future in Toco there has been identified?
What does Botswana have?
What is about 50 percent of the bed of?
What has the world's largest mine with a production of 11. 4 million karats?
What will start at El Guaniamo's commercial operations next year?
What will start its commercial operations next year?
What is of industrial quality?
What did the National Institute of Statistics say Tuesday registered an increase of 10 percent in April this year compared with the same period of 1999?
When did the mining production grow by 5. 7 percent from a year earlier?
What grew by 5. 7 percent from a year earlier in the first four months?
When did the National Institute of Statistics say Tuesday SANTIAGO registered an increase of 10 percent this year compared with the same period of 1999?
When was gold production up 19. 5 percent while that of silver up 21. 7 percent?
What said Tuesday SANTIAGO registered an increase of 10 percent in April this year compared with the same period of 1999?
What was up 19. 5 percent while that of silver up 21. 7 percent in April?
When did the National Institute of Statistics say SANTIAGO registered an increase of 10 percent in April this year compared with the same period of 1999?
What was May 30-- Chile's mining output?
What was gold production up while that of silver up 21. 7 percent in April?
When was SANTIAGO?
What did the mining production grow by from a year earlier in the first four months?
When was OTTAWA?
Who was June 13?
Who ranks second among gold producers in South Africa?
Who does Gold Fields rank second among?
What will shareholders of Johannesburg-based Gold Fields receive 0. 35 share of for each Gold Fields common share under the share-swap plan?
What is Gold Fields?
Who announced their merger plan Tuesday for the creation of the world's third largest gold producer valued at 3. 7 billion U. S. dollars?
What will shareholders of Johannesburg-based Gold Fields receive 0. 35 share of Franco-Nevada for under the share-swap plan?
What will the new company have an annual production of?
What will shareholders of Johannesburg-based Gold Fields receive for each Gold Fields common share under the share-swap plan?
What is Gold Fields one of?
How many companies will call a shareholder meeting in August before an effective merger date is set in September?
When is set in September?
What will have an annual production of 4. 4 million ounces of gold?
What is Franco-Nevada?
What will shareholders of Johannesburg-based Gold Fields receive 0. 35 share of Franco-Nevada for each Gold Fields common share under?
What is the fifth largest gold company in the world?
What did OTTAWA-- Canada's Franco-Nevada Mining Corporation and Gold Fields Limited in South Africa announce their merger plan Tuesday for?
What will call a shareholder meeting in August before an effective merger date is set in September?
What will the two companies call before an effective merger date is set in September?
When is an effective merger date set?
Who is one of the largest in the world?
Who will receive 0. 35 share of Franco-Nevada for each Gold Fields common share under the share-swap plan?
What will the new company have?
