Who did Flatley say with?
Who did 26-year-old Jessica Sklar marry four months ago?
Whose leg was knee and finger?
What did friends of the couple say the breakup has?
Who does NEW YORK _ Jerry Seinfeld have?
What was it wrapped around?
Who did Flatley say was abusive and preoccupied with other clients?
What did a young woman spot slithering between Princess Diana's feet just before take off?
Who did a furious Nederlander quote?
What did Yitzhak Batsri say?
What was wrapped around my arm?
What was biting my knee?
What do &UR; ___ &QC; JERUSALEM _?
Whose new girlfriend has an angry husband?
Who did Reid say Flatley fired just as the popularity of Flatley's Irish dance production surged?
What will be auctioned with the score?
What did friends of the couple say from?
Who did John Reid claim was summarily dismissed in a letter in 1997?
When did 26-year-old Jessica Sklar return last summer?
What does Nederlander's father own?
Who sought dlrs 17 million?
What did ambulance officers take Bell to nearby Redland Bay Hospital for treatment to puncture on her leg while police called in a snake handler?
Whose spokeswoman did the Post say by?
What did John Reid claim he was summarily dismissed in in 1997?
Who did Duesseldorf airport officials say took control of the situation?
Who spotted the snake slithering between her feet just before take off?
When did the Post say?
What went on as scheduled?
Who took Bell to nearby Redland Bay Hospital for treatment to puncture wounds on her leg while police called in a snake handler?
Who was the son of Rabbi David Batsri and one of four passengers aboard?
Who loosed herself from the two-meter- long reptile?
What was forced to make an emergency landing?
Who said, ``then he asked them to come and help''?
What was Bell of?
Who has an angry husband?
Who did police call in?
What was knee and finger?
When did she return last summer?
Who agreed Tuesday to pay his former manager a ``substantial sum'' to settle a breach-of-contract lawsuit?
What did the snake escape into nearby woodlands through?
What do &UR; ___ &QC; JERUSALEM _ It could be?
What did the Post say he is mortified by?
Who said the marriage was doomed from the start?
What did the auction house say is expected to fetch about dlrs 100,000 when Sotheby's holds the sale in New York in December?
What did I go to move my arm to turn on?
Who said the breakup has nothing to do with Seinfeld?
Who did ambulance officers take to nearby Redland Bay Hospital for treatment to puncture wounds on her leg while police called in a snake handler?
What do &UR; ___ &QC; JERUSALEM _ could be a bad omen for the Wye summit?
Who did she loose from the two-meter- long reptile?
Who said another passenger took control of the situation?
Who eventually brought the plane down safely in northern Israel?
Who said, ``We changed the subject of the prayers from the plight of the Israeli people to our plight''?
What was turned over to a zoo?
What was the snake turned over to?
What did Duesseldorf airport officials say another passenger took?
Who has a new girlfriend?
What was of Brisbane?
What did Katherine Bell throw the two-meter- long reptile to before fleeing the room?
What were called to meet the plane to identify the snake?
Who is filing for divorce?
What was wrapped around John Reid's arm?
When did &UR; ___ &QC; LONDON _ Michael Flatley agree to pay his former manager a ``substantial sum'' to settle a breach-of-contract lawsuit?
What did the snake escape into through a sliding door?
Who said, ``Naturally, I am delighted to put this behind me''?
What did she loose herself from?
Who went to move my arm to turn on the bedside light?
What awoke in bed Tuesday to find a carpet snake wrapped around her arm and its teeth embedded in her leg?
Who did Bell flail wildly to free from the snake?
Who did the Post say Seinfeld began seeing after she returned from her honeymoon in Italy last summer?
How many theaters and a piece of baseball's Yankees does Nederlander's father own?
What are not poisonous?
Who said the passengers ' deliverance was proof that a similar miracle could happen at the Wye talks?
When did John Reid claim he was summarily dismissed in a letter?
Who threw it to the floor before fleeing the room?
What was written in a hurry by the legendary Beatles producer last year for the tribute to Princess Diana?
When did 26-year-old Jessica Sklar return from her honeymoon in Italy?
When did &UR; ___ &QC; BRISBANE A woman awake in bed to find a carpet snake wrapped around her arm and its teeth embedded in her leg?
What did she throw it to before fleeing the room?
What reported this week Seinfeld took up with 26-year-old Jessica Sklar soon after she married Broadway theater scion Eric Nederlander four months ago?
Who was 34?
What can carpet snakes inflict?
What was the arrangement written in by the legendary Beatles producer last year for the tribute to Princess Diana?
What did ambulance officers take Bell to to puncture wounds on her leg while police called in a snake handler?
What were not disclosed?
What did Yitzhak Batsri say the passengers ' deliverance was?
What did Reid say?
Who returned from her honeymoon in Italy last summer?
What did the pilot eventually bring down safely in northern Israel?
What did I go to move to turn on the bedside light?
Who was Yitzhak Batsri?
Who was a spokesman for Nederlander?
What did the snake handler find?
What was the arrangement written in a hurry by the legendary Beatles producer last year for?
What did &UR; ___ &QC; BRISBANE A woman awake in Tuesday to find a carpet snake wrapped around her arm and its teeth embedded in her leg?
What malfunctioned?
What did the Post say by?
What did Katherine Bell throw to the floor before fleeing the room?
What was signed?
Who was the arrangement written in a hurry by for the tribute to Princess Diana?
What was Australia _?
What was &UR; ___ &QC; BRISBANE?
Who found the reptile?
What did a young woman spot slithering between her feet just before take off?
Who said, ``then he asked them to come''?
Who did the New York Post and the Daily News report this week Seinfeld took up with soon after she married Broadway theater scion Eric Nederlander four months ago?
Whose deliverance did Yitzhak Batsri say?
What was her leg?
Whose father owns six theaters and a piece of baseball's Yankees?
What escaped into nearby woodlands through a sliding door?
What said he is mortified by the mess?
What did Bell stagger out of?
Who hung up his ``Lord of the Dance'' shoes last summer?
Whose arm was it wrapped around?
When did she return from her honeymoon in Italy?
What did John Reid go to move to turn on the bedside light?
Who did Bell say Katherine Bell said alongside?
Who did she marry four months ago?
Who hung up Dan Klores's ``Lord of the Dance'' shoes last summer?
Who owns six theaters and a piece of baseball's Yankees?
What did Katherine Bell loose herself from?
What did Bell flail wildly to free herself from?
What called in a snake handler?
Who did Reid say fired him just as the popularity of Flatley's Irish dance production surged?
Whose deliverance did Yitzhak Batsri say was proof that a similar miracle could happen at the Wye talks?
Whose spokeswoman did not immediately return calls Tuesday?
When did &UR; ___ &QC; LONDON _ Michael Flatley agree to pay Dan Klores's former manager a ``substantial sum'' to settle a breach-of-contract lawsuit?
What did friends of the couple say has nothing to do with Seinfeld?
What did the pilot eventually bring the plane down safely in?
Where did the pilot eventually bring the plane down?
Who did not immediately return calls Tuesday?
What was its mouth biting?
What did ambulance officers take Bell to nearby Redland Bay Hospital for treatment to puncture wounds on while police called in a snake handler?
What did she throw to the floor before fleeing the room?
Who married Broadway theater scion Eric Nederlander four months ago?
Who does Jerry Seinfeld's new girlfriend have?
Who did Katherine Bell loose from the two-meter- long reptile?
Who said Flatley fired him just as the popularity of Flatley's Irish dance production surged?
What did friends of the couple say the marriage was doomed from?
What _ It could be a bad omen for the Wye summit?
What was Katherine Bell?
Who spotted the snake slithering between Princess Diana's feet just before take off?
Who quoted an unidentified close friend?
What said the arrangement is expected to fetch about dlrs 100,000 when Sotheby's holds the sale in New York in December?
Who called his bride a ``gold-digger'' who ``will not get a cent,'' the Post said Tuesday?
Who said, ``then he asked them to help''?
What will a special award from the British Phonographic Industry marking 33 million copies of the single sold be auctioned with?
What did &UR; ___ &QC; BRISBANE A woman awake in bed Tuesday to find?
Who threw the two-meter- long reptile to the floor before fleeing the room?
What flailed wildly to free herself from the snake?
What did friends of the couple say was doomed from the start?
What surged?
What did the Post say Seinfeld's spokeswoman is mortified by?
What did &UR; ___ &QC; BRISBANE A woman awake in Tuesday to find a carpet snake wrapped around Princess Diana's arm and its teeth embedded in her leg?
Who did the Post say is mortified by the mess?
What was unclear how the snake got on board the plane?
Whose spokeswoman did the Post say is mortified by the mess?
What turned out to be harmless?
What is Nederlander filing for?
What can inflict a painful bite?
What was the flight unclear on?
What did Yitzhak Batsri say was proof that a similar miracle could happen at the Wye talks?
What was Katherine Bell's leg?
What was not due to expire until this month?
What staggered out of bed?
What did John Reid go to move my arm to turn on?
What did Duesseldorf airport officials say another passenger took control of?
Who was Dan Klores?
What said Seinfeld began seeing Sklar after she returned from her honeymoon in Italy last summer?
Who agreed Tuesday to pay Dan Klores's former manager a ``substantial sum'' to settle a breach-of-contract lawsuit?
What did John Reid claim in?
Who claimed he was summarily dismissed in a letter in 1997?
What did friends of the couple say?
When did &UR; ___ &QC; BRISBANE A woman awake in bed to find a carpet snake wrapped around Princess Diana's arm and its teeth embedded in her leg?
Who did the Post say began seeing Sklar after she returned from her honeymoon in Italy last summer?
Who said Reid was abusive and preoccupied with other clients?
What was it unclear on?
What said Seinfeld's spokeswoman is mortified by the mess?
What awoke in bed Tuesday to find a carpet snake wrapped around Princess Diana's arm and its teeth embedded in her leg?
Who did twelve people compete as Jerry, Elaine, George and Kramer?
What did Ilie Vornicu say one consider Seinfeld's kind of the best comedy show ever made?
How many people competed as lookalikes of the Seinfeld characters Jerry, Elaine, George and Kramer?
Whose kind of humor did Ilie Vornicu say one consider the best comedy show ever made?
What did Ilie Vornicu say I consider it?
Who said I consider it the best comedy show ever made?
Who was one?
What competed as lookalikes of the Seinfeld characters Jerry, Elaine, George and Kramer?
Who did Ilie Vornicu say consider it the best comedy show ever made?
Who was Ilie Vornicu?
What also is this nation's most popular comedy program?
What won a trip to New York for his resemblance to Jerry Seinfeld?
Who said one consider Seinfeld's kind of humor the best comedy show ever made?
What did Ilie Vornicu say one consider Seinfeld's kind of humor show ever made?
What do Friends often gather to watch?
Whose kind of humor is different?
When did private station ProTV air a five-hour special Sunday to mark?
What did Ilie Vornicu say it's for?
Who often gather to watch the show?
What did Ilie Vornicu say one consider Seinfeld's kind of humor?
What did Ilie Vornicu say Seinfeld's kind of humor's for?
Who was a geology student?
What did Ilie Vornicu say I consider the best comedy show ever made?
Who said it's for people with brains?
What did Ilie Vornicu say one consider the best comedy show ever made?
Who said Seinfeld's kind of humor's for people with brains?
What have many of the expressions become?
What could BUCHAREST have gotten?
Who aired a five-hour special Sunday to mark more than a year of broadcasting the show?
What is the hugely successful American sitcom also?
Who did twelve people compete as lookalikes of the Seinfeld characters?
What have struck Romanians ' funnybones?
What was Ilie Vornicu?
Whose kind of humor did Ilie Vornicu say's for people with brains?
Who was 24?
What did Ilie Vornicu say I consider it show ever made?
What did one win a trip to New York for?
What did Ilie Vornicu say's for people with brains?
What have Seinfeld's jokes struck?
What could have gotten a quick fix-- in Romania?
What did one win for his resemblance to Jerry Seinfeld?
Whose funnybones have Seinfeld's jokes struck?
What was a 31-year-old sketch artist?
What is different?
What did Ilie Vornicu say consider Seinfeld's kind of humor the best comedy show ever made?
Whose jokes have struck Romanians ' funnybones?
What have become hip?
What did Costanza say were violated when the show used his ``name, likeness and persona'' to create the neurotic and nutty George for ``Seinfeld?''
Who did tompkins say against?
What said Michael Costanza's suit was frivolous?
Who was Jonathan Fisher?
What did State Supreme Court Justice Harold Tompkins say was frivolous?
What did a judge throw out?
Who said that ``Seinfeld'' co-creator Larry David defamed him when he called Costanza a ``liar'' and ``flagrant opportunist'' trying to cash in?
Who said he found the lawsuit baseless and assessed sanctions of $2,500 each against Costanza, 43, and his lawyer?
Who was George Costanza's lawyer?
Who said the show portrayed him in a negative, humiliating light?
What did Costanza say portrayed him in a negative, humiliating light?
Whose suit did State Supreme Court Justice Harold Tompkins say?
Who was his lawyer?
Whose suit did State Supreme Court Justice Harold Tompkins say was frivolous?
Who was a real estate agent who lives on Long Island?
Who threw out a $100 million lawsuit filed by a man who claims Jerry Seinfeld and his TV producers stole his identity for the character of George Costanza?
Who said his rights were violated when the show used his ``name, likeness and persona'' to create the neurotic and nutty George for ``Seinfeld?''
What did Costanza say in?
Who said George Costanza found the lawsuit baseless and assessed sanctions of $2,500 each against Costanza, 43, and his lawyer?
Who was Costanza?
What did Costanza say?
What did Costanza say for?''
Whose lawyer was Jonathan Fisher?
What did Costanza say the show portrayed him in?
Who did tompkins say found the lawsuit baseless and assessed sanctions of $2,500 each against Costanza, 43, and his lawyer?
Who did Costanza say the show portrayed in a negative, humiliating light?
What did State Supreme Court Justice Harold Tompkins say?
What does he want?
Who is Seinfeld?
What will Jessica Sklar be with during the summer months as the masters of a new domain on exclusive Further Lane, Seinfeld and new wife?
What was EAST HAMPTON about?
What was EAST HAMPTON?
Whose move is work-related?
Who agreed to pay that for a 12-acre East Hampton beach estate that once belonged to rock star Billy Joel?
Who is a native of the far-less-tony Long Island town of Massapequa?
What is his new house in the Hamptons?
When were rock star Billy Joel married Day 1999?
Who was N. Y. -- His show?
Who were married on Christmas Day 1999?
When were he and his wife married Day 1999?
What comes to keeping up with the Joneses?
Who wants a home on Long Island's North Folk, closer to a recording studio where the Grammy winner is working on a classical music album?
Who reportedly gave the Seinfelds a personal tour of the property?
What is Seinfeld?
Who is more than holding his own?
Who will be with the beautiful people during the summer months as the masters of a new domain on exclusive Further Lane, Seinfeld and new wife?
Whose East Hampton estate is worth a mere $15 million?
What do Seinfeld and Sklar already share on Manhattan's Upper West Side?
What do Seinfeld and Sklar already share a home on?
What did Jerry Seinfeld agree to pay that for?
Who was about nothing?
Who will Jessica Sklar be with the beautiful people during the summer months as?
What were limited?
What is work-related?
What is about $40 million?
What is Seinfeld a native of?
When will Jessica Sklar be with the beautiful people as the masters of a new domain on exclusive Further Lane, Seinfeld and new wife?
When did the Piano Man purchase?
When were he and his wife married on Christmas?
Who brought Seinfeld and Joel together?
Who already share a home on Manhattan's Upper West Side?
Who did Comedian Paul Reiser bring together?
What does rock star Billy Joel want?
Who purchased in the mid-1980s?
Who is 45?
What did Jerry Seinfeld agree to pay for a 12-acre East Hampton beach estate that once belonged to rock star Billy Joel?
What is worth a mere $15 million?
Where do Seinfeld and Sklar already share a home?
When were rock star Billy Joel married on Christmas?
Who retired his series in 1998?
Who has five children?
What did Elizabeth Clarke's dad retire?
What did his dad retire?
Who did Seinfeld apparently ask to serve up the news for him?
What's right?
What are the couple reportedly paying as much as $40 million for?
What did First come?
What was then?
Who does Steven Spielberg have?
Who informed viewers that the little Seinfeld is scheduled to arrive in October?
What did Seinfeld apparently ask Philbin to serve up for him?
What are the couple reportedly paying for Billy Joel's 12-acre oceanfront mansion in East Hampton?
Whose dad may the new arrival have the undevoted attention of?
What are reportedly paying as much as $40 million for Billy Joel's 12-acre oceanfront mansion in East Hampton?
Who apparently asked Philbin to serve up the news for him?
What may the new arrival have?
What may have the undevoted attention of his dad?
Who will soon be pushing a baby carriage?
Who was Jessica Sklar?
What does Steven Spielberg have nearby?
When did Clarke not want to pinpoint?
Who was Seinfeld's spokeswoman?
Who may the new arrival have the undevoted attention of?
What will Baby Seinfeld also have plenty of like swing sets?
What was made Thursday by Seinfeld pal Regis Philbin on TV's Live With Regis and Kathie Lee?
Who is it?
What did the Sklar and Seinfeld make millions from?
What is the first child for both Sklar and Seinfeld that glorified single life and poked fun at commitment?
Who does he have?
Who did that gladly?
What did the Sklar and Seinfeld make from a TV show?
What came love?
Who did Philbin inform that the little Seinfeld is scheduled to arrive in October?
Who has a place nearby?
When did Philbin inform viewers?
Who was the big announcement made Thursday by?
Who did it gladly?
Whose dad retired his series in 1998?
Who will also have plenty of room for all that kid stuff like swing sets?
What will Baby Seinfeld also have like swing sets?
What did Philbin do gladly?
What may have the undevoted attention of Elizabeth Clarke's dad?
Who will be up to his diaper bag in commitment?
Who was Seinfeld and bride?
What's true?
What will Baby Seinfeld also have plenty of room for all that kid stuff like?
Who did Seinfeld apparently ask Philbin to serve up the news for?
Who made millions from a TV show?
When was the big announcement made by Seinfeld pal Regis Philbin on TV's Live With Regis and Kathie Lee?
Whose 12-acre oceanfront mansion in East Hampton are the couple reportedly paying as much as $40 million for?
Whose spokeswoman was Elizabeth Clarke?
What is now?
What will the 45-year-old Seinfeld be up to?
How many children does Steven Spielberg have?
Who did not want to pinpoint the due date?
Who was Elizabeth Clarke?
How many children does he have?
What did Chris Vinton say Seinfeld said in?
Who is-- Jerry Seinfeld collecting by driving across the country?
What was Albuquerque?
What did Seinfeld take in a show at on Tuesday?
Where did Chris Vinton say Seinfeld and Vinton used to play at the same time?
When did Seinfeld take in a show at the Bobby Vinton Theater?
Who-- is collecting new material Jack Kerouac-style by driving across the country?
Who said Seinfeld and Vinton used to play in Las Vegas at the same time?
Who did Chris Vinton say used to play in Las Vegas at the same time?
What did Chris Vinton say Seinfeld and Vinton used to play in at the same time?
What did Seinfeld take in at the Bobby Vinton Theater on Tuesday?
Whose son was Chris Vinton?
Who did Chris Vinton say Seinfeld said was really excited about being in Branson and was somewhat overwhelmed by it and surprised by how sophisticated the facilities are?
What did Chris Vinton say Seinfeld and Vinton used to play in Las Vegas at?
Who took in a show at the Bobby Vinton Theater on Tuesday?
Who was Chris Vinton?
Who said Seinfeld said he was really excited about being in Branson and was somewhat overwhelmed by it and surprised by how sophisticated the facilities are?
What was N. M.?
Who did Chris Vinton say said he was really excited about being in Branson and was somewhat overwhelmed by it and surprised by how sophisticated the facilities are?
Who was the pop singer's son?
What did Michael Richards think?
What says he was not sure if there was life after Kramer?
Who did he say 'm not the Kramer character?
Who said I 'm not the Kramer character?
Who took it easy?
Who did Michael Richards say 'm not the Kramer character?
Who was work?
What at first I did not really want to work said?
Who does LOS ANGELES-- Michael Richards say after?
Who traveled outside of a role in the TNT version of David Copperfield?
Who did Michael Richards say I 'm not?
Who did he say I 'm not?
What at first Michael Richards did not really want to work said?
Who did I think was going to retire?
Who thought I was going to retire?
Who took a reported $13 million easy?
Who does Michael Richards's back on NBC next month in?
Who does LOS ANGELES-- Michael Richards say was not sure if there was life after Kramer?
What did I think?
What does Michael Richards's back on in The Michael Richards Show?
Who does he's back on NBC next month in?
Who did Michael Richards think was going to retire?
What did at first I did not really want to star say?
Who did at first did not really want to work star say?
What did Richards take easy?
What was the former Seinfeld?
What does he's back on in The Michael Richards Show?
Who's back on NBC next month in The Michael Richards Show?
What did at first Michael Richards did not really want to star say?
Who maintains that television memorabilia is an increasingly profitable corner of what trade magazines estimate is the $10 billion market for collectibles?
What does Christie's East estimate that the script from the 1992-93 season will go for to $2,000?
What do dealers maintain that television memorabilia has transcended?
What did the owner recently put on the market for $5,000?
What does Christie's East estimate that the ``Star Trek'' proposal will sell for $12,000 to?
What is location?
What were the media-saturated 1990s propelled by?
Who is for example?
Who chuckled, ``This was one of my favorites''?
What does Lipman maintain?
When do you enter?
What is all right not must for must-see television?
What will ``Seinfeld'' fans recognize as the one that introduced the phrase ``master of my domain'' to the language?
What is Alright for?
Who recently put it on the market for $5,000?
What was used on the set in other words?
What did a ``Cheers'' script sold for $900 soon after that long-running sitcom go off in 1993?
When were propelled by network-television hype that has become an unwitting affirmation of Andy Warhol's notion of creating public awareness?
What sold recently for $1,800?
Who does the ``Seinfeld'' script in the Christie's East sale bear the signatures of?
What estimates that the script from the 1992-93 season will go for $1,500 to $2,000?
What does Seinfeld's truly the most iconic of?
What does Christie's East estimate that the script from the 1992-93 season will go for $1,500 to?
Who did Christie's sell 10 scripts from in 1996?
Who will Christie's East also auction the original proposal for ``Star Trek'' by in the June 18 sale?
What's truly the most iconic of all television series for this time?
What does Alright appear on?
What is $15,000?
What is a mantra in real estate?
What worry?
Who would be like the four Beatles signing on the music to ` The White Album?
Who wrote it?
When do dealers say that prices for television scripts have gained altitude?
Who was the 23-year-old head of the popular arts department at Christie's East?
What was the script being sold used on the set in?
When do dealers say?
Whose East estimates that the ``Star Trek'' proposal will sell for $12,000 to $15,000?
What was the sitcom script filled with?
What are autographs?
What does Schagrin specialize in from old shows?
When did a ``Cheers'' script sold for $900 soon after that long-running sitcom go off the air?
When did Christie's sell 10 scripts from ``The Honeymooners'' for $5,950?
What is not a must for must-see television?
Whose East estimates that the script from the 1992-93 season will go for $1,500 to $2,000?
What describes the spaceship Enterprise as ``a wagon train to the stars?''
What was the set?
What do dealers maintain?
What is all right not a must for?
Who maintain that the bidding could easily go higher because the market for nontraditional Hollywood collectibles is blossoming?
What was ``MASH,'' signed by the entire cast sold for?
What did it go for?
What is a figure that dealers like Lipman hope the ``Seinfeld'' script will someday bring?
Who acknowledged?
What did the owner recently put it on for $5,000?
Who were working on it?
What estimates that the ``Star Trek'' proposal will sell for $12,000 to $15,000?
What do they say on?
What is not the first television script to go on the auction block?
What can staying power only help with?
What do sitcom scripts say on?
Who said, ``TV scripts are fast becoming the pop art of the future''?
What will Christie's East also auction by the science fiction writer Gene Roddenberry in the June 18 sale?
Who say that prices for television scripts have gained altitude in the media-saturated 1990s?
Who said, ``We did not sell it''?
What do some television-memorabilia dealers maintain?
Whose East will also auction the original proposal for ``Star Trek'' by the science fiction writer Gene Roddenberry in the June 18 sale?
What can only help with the scripts?
What went off the air in 1993?
What does it's truly the most iconic of?
What was Simeon Lipman?
What will also auction the original proposal for ``Star Trek'' by the science fiction writer Gene Roddenberry in the June 18 sale?
What will ``Seinfeld'' fans recognize the script as to the language?
What do dealers say that prices for television scripts have gained in the media-saturated 1990s?
Who maintain that television memorabilia has transcended the short-term hype for a particular series like ``Seinfeld,'' becoming a genuine pop-cultural phenomenon?
What does the ``Seinfeld'' script in the Christie's East sale bear?
What will ``Seinfeld'' fans recognize the script as the one that introduced the phrase ``master of my domain'' to?
What would God be like?
Who maintains that scripts are appreciating faster than other film and television collectibles?
What is blossoming?
What will recognize the script as the one that introduced the phrase ``master of my domain'' to the language?
What does Schagrin maintain that scripts are appreciating faster than?
What was the script being sold used on in other words?
What does Christie's East estimate for?
Who say on television?
What does Seinfeld's truly?
Who are like Robert Schagrin of the Gotta Have Christie's East gallery in Manhattan?
How many pages, , , , and does Alright appear on?
Who specializes in television-age collectibles like scripts and props from old shows?
Who value autographs?
How many scripts did Christie's sell from ``The Honeymooners'' for $5,950 in 1996?
What was Simeon Lipman the 23-year-old head of?
What is the ``Seinfeld'' script not?
What did the owner recently put it on the market for?
What bears the signatures of the four principal cast members?
What does Lipman maintain that television memorabilia is?
What sold 10 scripts from ``The Honeymooners'' for $5,950 in 1996?
What does it's truly?
What was an ``as broadcast'' version that codified lines the actors ad-libbed?
What did Christie's sell from ``The Honeymooners'' for $5,950 in 1996?
What will Christie's East also auction the original proposal for ``Star Trek'' by the science fiction writer Gene Roddenberry in?
What say on television?
Who said, ``They 're going to replay ` Seinfeld ' for decades to come''?
Who said, ``to 're going to replay ` Seinfeld ' for decades to come''?
Who enters the new millennium?
Who wrote NEW YORK _ Literature?
What was sold for $700 in 1995?
What were we working on?
What does Schagrin specialize in television-age collectibles like scripts and props from?
What do television-script dealers value?
What was filled with comma faults and repeatedly misspelled words?
What does the 26-page typewritten document describe the spaceship Enterprise as?''
What does Schagrin maintain than?
Who appears on pages 9,10,24,32, and 43?
What did Larry David write?
What went for $1,150?
Who are the television-memorabilia dealers like?
What did a script from the short-lived 1978 revival of ``This Is Your Life'' go for?
What went for $4,000?
What does the 26-page typewritten document describe as ``a wagon train to the stars?''
What is $15,000 a figure that dealers like Lipman hope?
What did a signed script from the NBC sitcom ``Friends'' that sold for $550 in 1996 sell recently for?
What is all right not for must-see television?
What was filmed?
Who are like Robert Schagrin of the Gotta Have It gallery in Manhattan?
What does Christie's East estimate that the ``Star Trek'' proposal will sell for to $15,000?
Who's truly the most iconic of all television series for this time?
Who did a woman present a bouquet of flowers to?
What only costs Seinfeld two hours?
Who 'res buying a diamond: ` Excuse me, I 'd like to see something in a Milk Dud?
What bring you one Milk Dud on a black velvet pillow?
What did a woman present to him?
Who said, ``Thank Seinfeld very much''?
Who gotta take care of these? '
What did the Omaha World-Herald report Friday that the event's promoter had given away?
What do they 're accustomed to laughing at reruns like?
Who do not want someone else's items fraternizing with our own?
What is wearing the Omaha World-Herald for protection?
What is ` strength ' off?
When did Seinfeld spend taking questions and a few gifts from his audience: ``Will you do movies'' for his encore?
What bring the Omaha World-Herald one Milk Dud on a black velvet pillow?
What did the newspaper cite the $60. 50 ticket price as?
What is ` extra-strength ' now?
What was the price?
What do the Omaha World-Herald 're buying: ` Excuse me, I 'd like to see something in a Milk Dud?
What does Seinfeld examine like few other comedians?
Who was the evening?
What did Seinfeld deliver a 75-minute medley of his greatest hits in?
Who wants to know?
What is date?
Who examines the enduring quirks and oddball habits that afflict so many of few other comedians in the Western world like few other comedians?
Who knows what most men think they get flowers from a woman?
What is your helmet wearing the Omaha World-Herald for?
What do most of the crowd 're accustomed to laughing at reruns like?
When was the theater nearly full for the second of four shows at the Orpheum?
What do you 're buying: ` Excuse me, I 'd like to see something in a Milk Dud?
What will I not use ever again, ``After that''?
Who bring you one Milk Dud on a black velvet pillow?
What does I gotta take care of? '
What says, ` Sorry, the Omaha World-Herald do not have any money with me right now? '
What does a bad movie cost Seinfeld two years you do?
What did the Omaha World-Herald report Friday?
Who does it cost you two years do a bad movie?
What did the Omaha World-Herald report Friday that the event's promoter had given away an average of?
Who does Seinfeld examine like few other comedians?
How many people does the theater seat?
Who watch a bad movie?
What delivered toward the end of the evening?
What only costs you two hours?
What 're buying a diamond: ` Excuse me, I 'd like to see something in a Milk Dud?
What says, ` if the Omaha World-Herald contact these people, they 'll give you the amount of money I wish I had? '
What did Seinfeld spend several minutes taking for his encore?
Who will not use that material ever again, ``After that''?
Who do a woman know from?
Who 're accustomed to laughing at reruns like most ``Seinfeld'' fans?
Who cannot even get ` strength ' anymore?
Who know what most men think they get flowers from a woman?
What do about 2,800 people need? '
What did a woman present a bouquet of to Seinfeld?
What can you not even get ` ' anymore?
What did Seinfeld spend several minutes taking questions and a few gifts from his audience: ``Will you do movies'' for?
Who do not think so?
Who is not enough for some people?
What did Seinfeld let rip with ``Hello, Newman'' that brought most of the house screaming to its feet?
What is the rubber divider for ` Back off! '
What did Seinfeld deliver in the lovely and historic Orpheum Theater?
What did Seinfeld deliver a 75-minute medley of in the lovely and historic Orpheum Theater?
Where did Seinfeld deliver a 75-minute medley of his greatest hits?
Who reported Friday that the event's promoter had given away an average of 500 tickets per show?
What did some newer material _ and more evidence of his comic brilliance deliver toward?
What costs you two years you do a bad movie?
When did the Omaha World-Herald report that the event's promoter had given away an average of 500 tickets per show?
Who does Seinfeld examine the enduring quirks and oddball habits that afflict so many of few other comedians in the Western world like?
What did a woman present a bouquet of to him?
What is exactly for?
Who does Seinfeld examine the enduring quirks and oddball habits that afflict so many of us in the Western world like?
Who do you know from?
Who spent several minutes taking questions and a few gifts from his audience: ``Will you do movies'' for his encore?
When was Seinfeld?
What did a woman present to Seinfeld?
What do we not want fraternizing with our own?
What does a woman gotta take? '
What is off the market?
What did most of the crowd react as if each joke had been baked fresh that day despite?
Who is the universal signal for ` Back off! '
What is wearing you for protection?
Who gottas take care of these? '
Who bellowed, ``Hello''?
Who feels like you 're buying a diamond: ` Excuse me, I 'd like to see something in a Milk Dud? '
Who does a bad movie cost Seinfeld two years do a bad movie?
Who said, ``Thank you very much''?
What does a check say, ` if the Omaha World-Herald contact these people, they 'll give you the amount of money I wish? '
What did some newer material _ and more evidence of Seinfeld's comic brilliance deliver toward?
Who watches a bad movie?
What costs Seinfeld two years you do a bad movie?
What did the newspaper cite as the reason for slightly sluggish sales?
What can the Omaha World-Herald not even get ` ' anymore?
What is the helmet for?
What is extra-strength not enough for?
Who feel like you 're buying a diamond: ` Excuse me, I 'd like to see something in a Milk Dud? '
What says, ` if you contact these people, they 'll give you the amount of money I wish I had? '
What does it cost you two years you do?
What reacted as if each joke had been baked fresh that day despite the price?
Who examines the enduring quirks and oddball habits that afflict so many of us in the Western world like few other comedians?
What cited the $60. 50 ticket price as the reason for slightly sluggish sales?
Who let rip with a ``Hello, Newman'' that brought most of the house screaming to its feet?
What does I gotta take? '
Who presented a bouquet of flowers to Seinfeld?
What was the familiar routines and a few rough spots?
When is a job interview that lasts all night?
Who was Contemporary Productions?
Who is your helmet wearing for protection?
What does the theater seat?
What do they need? '
What seats about 2,800 people?
Who delivered a 75-minute medley of his greatest hits in the lovely and historic Orpheum Theater?
What do Seinfeld watch?
Who presented a bouquet of flowers to him?
What does a woman gotta take care of? '
What is your helmet wearing you for?
What was nearly full for the second of four shows at the Orpheum last weekend?
Who was the event's promoter?
What 're accustomed to laughing at reruns like most ``Seinfeld'' fans?
What want to know?
What did Seinfeld let rip with a ``Hello, ?
Who does not think so?
What does a check say, ` if you contact these people, they 'll give you the amount of money I wish? '
What do you watch?
When was the theater nearly full last weekend?
What says, ` Sorry, I do not have any money with me right now? '
Who did &UR; &LR; NEW YORK _ Jerry Seinfeld say ``did not invent scalping''?
What does he's relieved?
What did he pause just long enough for?
What did &UR; &LR; NEW YORK _ Jerry Seinfeld shrug?
What did he say ``I did not invent''?
Who does Seinfeld say misses some of the things about the ending of the phenomenal run of ``Seinfeld'' after 140 episodes?
Who refused to confirm the rumors that cast members from the show might appear for Jason Alexander's HBO special?
What did the 44-year-old comedian wear white slacks with under a gray jacket?
What is &UR; &LR; NEW YORK _ Jerry Seinfeld?
Who is donating all of the proceeds from the concert to PENCIL?
Who was accompanied by by HBO's Marty Callner?
Who explained that returning to stand-up was liberating?
What was Jason Alexander?
What did he say ?
What does &UR; &LR; NEW YORK _ Jerry Seinfeld say he 'll never do?
Who is retiring all the material from Sunday night's program?
What is Seinfeld donating all of the proceeds from the concert to?
What did he work on for nine years?
What does Seinfeld say he misses?
What does he have?
Who's planning to work on another special, presumably for HBO?
Who did he say ``did not invent scalping''?
What is he retiring from Sunday night's program?
What did run into trouble with an episode in which Kramer accidentally set a Puerto Rican flag on fire?
Whose office is investigating ticket scalping?
Who's relieved it's over?
What do not go together?
What is Seinfeld donating all of to PENCIL?
What was the press conference Tuesday?
What does &UR; &LR; NEW YORK _ Jerry Seinfeld's relieved?
Whose Sunday night was the press conference Tuesday?
What is &UR; &LR; NEW YORK _ Jerry Seinfeld retiring from Sunday night's program?
What did &UR; &LR; NEW YORK _ Jerry Seinfeld name?
What does &UR; &LR; NEW YORK _ Jerry Seinfeld's relieved's over?
What does &UR; &LR; NEW YORK _ Jerry Seinfeld's planning to put out?
What is Seinfeld donating to PENCIL?
Who is the star of one of the most succesful shows in television history?
Who did recall with great affection the one in which he mugs an elderly woman for her loaf of marble rye?
Who refused to confirm the rumors that cast members from the show might appear for his HBO special?
Who raised his eyebrows?
What does he's planning to put out?
What is $1,500?
Who is not retiring from stand-up?
Who paused just long enough for everyone to realize the absurdity of the situation?
When did he work on a show with 100 crew members, a dozen writers, and the cast?
Who's relieved some of the things about the ending of the phenomenal run of ``Seinfeld'' after 140 episodes's over?
Who said, ``people had snowball fights at five in the morning''?
Who said, ``I liked that episode''?
What are hot?
Who joked?
What is investigating ticket scalping?
What did I name?
Who says he misses some of the things about the ending of the phenomenal run of ``Seinfeld'' after 140 episodes?
Who cannot imagine doing another one?
Who will be directing the special live?
What did Seinfeld explain to?
Who says he 'll never do another situation comedy?
What is &UR; &LR; NEW YORK _ Jerry Seinfeld retiring all the material from?
What did &UR; &LR; NEW YORK _ Jerry Seinfeld say ?
What did Seinfeld say that he does not have?
Who has no plans to take a vacation?
Who was the show?
What can &UR; &LR; NEW YORK _ Jerry Seinfeld not imagine doing?
What is the New York Attorney General's office investigating?
Who said ``I did not invent scalping''?
What did Seinfeld explain that returning to was liberating?
What did he shrug?
What does &UR; &LR; NEW YORK _ Jerry Seinfeld have?
Who does everyone lie about sex on?
What does he's relieved's over?
Who said, ``people brought in snow''?
Who said, ``I was trying to throw a loaf of rye bread up to the fourth floor''?
What does he's planning to work on another special, presumably for?
What does &UR; &LR; NEW YORK _ Jerry Seinfeld say?
Who wore white slacks with a navy polo shirt under a gray jacket?
What does he's planning to work on for HBO?
Who shrugged his shoulders?
What is nearly 20 times the face value?
What did the 44-year-old comedian wear with a navy polo shirt under a gray jacket?
What does everyone lie about on Monica Lewinsky and President Clinton?
What can I not imagine doing?
What does Seinfeld say?
What does &UR; &LR; NEW YORK _ Jerry Seinfeld's planning to work on another special, presumably for?
What does &UR; &LR; NEW YORK _ Jerry Seinfeld's planning to work on for HBO?
When is $1,500?
Who named who might come?
What did &UR; &LR; NEW YORK _ Jerry Seinfeld pause just long enough for?
What is he retiring all the material from?
What was promoting &UR; &LR; NEW YORK _ Jerry Seinfeld's Sunday night?
Who's planning to put out a comedy album based on Sunday's performance?
What is off?
Who said, ``That was very much a group thing''?
What does Seinfeld say he misses some of?
Who said, ``They brought in snow''?
What lies about sex on Monica Lewinsky and President Clinton?
What did Seinfeld shrug?
Who worked on a show with 100 crew members, a dozen writers, and the cast for nine years?
What did &UR; &LR; NEW YORK _ Jerry Seinfeld say ``I did not invent''?
What did the 44-year-old comedian wear white slacks with a navy polo shirt under?
Who said, ``we had snowball fights at five in the morning''?
What is &UR; &LR; NEW YORK _ Jerry Seinfeld the star of?
What did Seinfeld raise?
What did Seinfeld refuse to confirm?
What did he recall with in which he mugs an elderly woman for her loaf of marble rye?
Who said, ``I 've been on beaches''?
What is Seinfeld not retiring from?
What did &UR; &LR; NEW YORK _ Jerry Seinfeld work on for nine years?
What did Seinfeld say?
What was promoting his Sunday night?
Who does &UR; &LR; NEW YORK _ Jerry Seinfeld say 'll never do another situation comedy?
What did the show run into in which Kramer accidentally set a Puerto Rican flag on fire?
How many nearly times the face value is $1,500?
What is the going street rate for a ticket?
When did &UR; &LR; NEW YORK _ Jerry Seinfeld work on a show with 100 crew members, a dozen writers, and the cast?
Who said that he does not have a favorite episode?
Where does SEINFELD-BROADWAY _ Jerry Seinfeld bring his act back?
What returns to his stand-up roots in a performance at the Broadhurst Theater?
What do we call your attention to?
What does SEINFELD-BROADWAY _ Jerry Seinfeld bring back to New York City?
What is 346-9867?
What did SEINFELD-BROADWAY _ Jerry Seinfeld draw for his wildly popular show from the idiosyncrasies of New Yorkers?
When will we move a feature on Seinfeld's new show and the hoopla surrounding it?
What brings his act back to New York City?
What can be used individually or could be used as a package?
What will include details on how scalpers have been selling tickets for as much as $1,500?
Who call your attention to the spot feature described below?
What will the story include?
What does SEINFELD-BROADWAY _ Jerry Seinfeld bring his act back to?
What will we move on Thursday?
Where does SEINFELD-BROADWAY _ Jerry Seinfeld return to his stand-up roots in a performance?
What did SEINFELD-BROADWAY _ Jerry Seinfeld draw inspiration for his wildly popular show from?
What is that article planned as?
What drew inspiration for his wildly popular show from the idiosyncrasies of New Yorkers?
What can be used individually or could be saved for the weekend?
What will move tonight?
What does SEINFELD-BROADWAY _ Jerry Seinfeld return to his stand-up roots in a performance at?
What do we call to the spot feature described below?
What is our toll-free number?
Who will move a feature on Seinfeld's new show and the hoopla surrounding it on Thursday?
What did SEINFELD-BROADWAY _ Jerry Seinfeld draw inspiration for from the idiosyncrasies of New Yorkers?
What does SEINFELD-BROADWAY _ Jerry Seinfeld return to at the Broadhurst Theater?
What is planned as the cover story in the Times ' ` Weekend ' section?
What are now doing what Seinfeld made popular?
What does he splash cans of paint wildy on a canvas while a proper visitor asks to?
What may be a goof?
What did he interact with the audience just enough to seem warm, but not so much that he lost?
Who opened night of his brief run of stand-up performances on Broadway?
What comes in a promo for Sunday's show?
What did he observe the manners and absurdities of?
Who is played by Marian Seldes?
Who is executive producer?
Who asks whether Jerry Seinfeld 'll go back to stand-up if the art thing does not work out?
Who did not make it?
What is the essence of his style that he has?
When does it's after these long Seinfeld goodbyes?
When's time for something new, maybe even risky after these long Seinfeld goodbyes?
Who has Seinfeld the material said will retire?
What says everything about a man in the audience's humor that even then it was not a genuine Clinton joke?
What does that act have a familiar but still funny feel on?
Who looks goofily pleased with himself?
Who was Des Moines?
What does that's you have on your face when you 're that close to being the dominant species on the planet?
What does he say ``Tell you about, they 're hanging in there with the chopsticks''?
What did a man in the audience veer smoothly away from into typical Seinfeld territory?
What does Seinfeld rely on dry observations rather than?
What is it nearly impossible to give away the punchlines because the essence of his style is?
What did Jerry interact with the audience just enough to seem warm, but not so much?
What did he give a warm but controlled, hour-long performance built on small, shrewdly targeted observations with?
Who does that's the look have on your face when you 're that close to being the dominant species on the planet?
What does the audience say?
Who's not likely to flub such a well-crafted routine?
What's time for something new, maybe even risky after these long Seinfeld goodbyes?
What is that he has none?
What does one of the funniest recent Seinfeld appearances come in?
What did you not make?
What did each episode end with?
What is New York?
What does he splash cans of while a proper visitor asks whether he 'll go back to stand-up if the art thing does not work out?
What did a man in the audience visit; in Iceland?
What does a man in the audience say ``about''?
What does he come?
When did Jerry Seinfeld say of the HBO special: It's live?
What do Jerry Seinfeld see?
What did he interact with the audience just enough to seem warm, but not so much?
What highlights why he became immensely popular in the first place?
Who does he say ``Tell what I like about Chinese people, they 're hanging in there with the chopsticks''?
What does it's just as well that he's putting the material out to?
What does Seinfeld have down?
What does it say?
What does that amount to?
What has Seinfeld said he will retire?
What highlights why a man in the audience became immensely popular in the first place?
Who did he say: No, I 'm not going to read it to?
What varies a bit?
What did Jerry Seinfeld open night of?
What has Seinfeld the material said?
What does that's Jerry have on your face when you 're that close to being the dominant species on the planet?
What does a man in the audience say ``Tell you what I like about Chinese people, they 're hanging in there with''?
When does stage's after these long Seinfeld goodbyes?
What does that act have on Broadway?
What did not?
Who may it be?
Who sees it?
What does he say ``Tell you what I like about Chinese people, they 're hanging in there with''?
What does he make?
Who observed the manners and absurdities of contemporary life?
What do people lie &UR; during?
What say a lot about a man in the audience's past?
What did a man in the audience observe the manners and absurdities of?
Who began with a line only New Yorkers could love?
Who interacted with the audience just enough to seem warm, but not so much that he lost control?
Who asks whether he 'll go back to stand-up if the art thing does not work out?
What does it hold?
What does a man in the audience say ``Tell you what I like about Chinese people, 're hanging in there with the chopsticks''?
What is Stand-up Jerry better dressed than Jerry ever was in a dark suit and tie?
Who say a lot about his past?
Who did he say: No, 'm not going to read it to someone who threw a business card with a scribbled note on stage?
Who did more?
What did Jerry Seinfeld say of: It's live on stage?
What was show up?
What does the routine's just as well to?
What hold no clue to a man in the audience's future?
What sold out?
What does he say ``about''?
What does the performance highlight?
What was Iowa?
What's the look Jerry have on your face when you 're that close to being the dominant species on the planet?
What says everything about a man in the audience's humor that the only topical joke came by request?
What does it's just as well that he's putting out to pasture?
What is not entirely predictable?
What does it's just as well to?
What amounts to a farewell tour for this material?
What 'll Jerry Seinfeld go back to if the art thing does not work out?
Who gave a warm but controlled, hour-long performance built on small, shrewdly targeted observations with impeccable timing?
Who has already given away so many?
Who is the proper visitor played by?
Who wonders?
Who does a man in the audience say ``Tell you what I like about Chinese people, 're hanging in there with the chopsticks''?
What ended with sitcom Jerry offering a snippet of his act?
Who has the material said he will retire?
Who said, ``Everyone lies about sex''?
Who 'm busy!
Who said of the HBO special: It's live on stage?
What did he visit the great Barrier Reef; in?
What are scads of comedians now doing?
Who 'll go back to stand-up if the art thing does not work out?
Who says ``Tell you what I like about Chinese people, they 're hanging in there with the chopsticks''?
Who does he look goofily pleased with?
What does Jerry make?
Who did Jerry say: No, I 'm not going to read a business card with a to?
What did he veer smoothly away from politics into?
Who said: No, I 'm not going to read it to someone who threw a business card with a scribbled note on stage?
Who did?
What does stage's time for something new, maybe even risky after?
What 'll he go back to if the art thing does not work out?
What does it's time for something new, maybe even risky after?
What does a wild-eyed glimpse of inspiration at the thought of something new hold?
What has a familiar but still funny feel on Broadway?
What does the routine's just as well that Jerry Seinfeld's putting out to pasture?
What's the look you have on your face when you 're that close to being the dominant species on the planet?
Who 'mes busy!
What is Stand-up Jerry better dressed than sitcom Jerry ever was in?
Who visited the great Barrier Reef; in Iceland?
Who veered smoothly away from politics into typical Seinfeld territory?
What does he say ``Tell you what I like about Chinese people, 're hanging in there with the chopsticks''?
Who may a wild-eyed glimpse of inspiration at the thought of something new be?
Where does it's just as well?
What holds promise?
What did a man in the audience veer smoothly away from politics into?
What does Jerry Seinfeld splash while a proper visitor asks whether he 'll go back to stand-up if the art thing does not work out?
What highlights how influential his style of stand-up has become?
What does Seinfeld rely on rather than jokey punch lines?
Who does he say ``Tell you what I like about Chinese people, 're hanging in there with the chopsticks''?
What is home?
What do these Broadway performances hold?
When did Jerry Seinfeld open?
What say a lot about his past?
What did a man in the audience give with impeccable timing?
Who see stage?
What did he visit; in Iceland?
Who said: No, I 'm not going to read a business card with a to someone who threw a business card with a scribbled note on stage?
When did he say of the HBO special: It's live?
Who is better dressed than sitcom Jerry ever was in a dark suit and tie?
What does a man in the audience say ``Tell you about, they 're hanging in there with the chopsticks''?
What did Jerry Seinfeld say of the HBO special:'s live on stage?
What did Jerry say: No, I 'm not going to read to someone who threw a business card with a scribbled note on stage?
What did he say of: It's live on stage?
What did he begin with only New Yorkers could love?
What does that's the look Jerry have on when you 're that close to being the dominant species on the planet?
What is the familiar but still funny feel with?
What did a man in the audience give a warm but controlled, hour-long performance built on small, shrewdly targeted observations with?
What's just as well that Jerry Seinfeld's putting the material out to pasture?
What is the essence of his style?
What were recycled from a news conference promoting the live telecast of this show, but no matter?
What do they say?
Where does the routine's just as well that Jerry Seinfeld's putting the material out?
Who Seinfeld?
Who is Jerry Seinfeld?
Who comes full circle here, back to the stand-up routines that inspired his phenomenally successful sitcom?
What does a man in the audience come?
Where did he visit the great Barrier Reef;?
Who has his routine down?
What does the audience say everything about?
When do stand-up performances on Broadway say a lot?
What is the essence of a man in the audience's style?
What did he give with impeccable timing?
What is the series?
What highlights how influential a man in the audience's style of stand-up has become?
Who is Stand-up Jerry better dressed than sitcom ever was in a dark suit and tie?
Who does a man in the audience say ``Tell what I like about Chinese people, they 're hanging in there with the chopsticks''?
Who did not make that?
Where does it's just as well that he's putting the material out?
What is the last stop and Sunday's live television show the final performance in a two-month world tour?
What does he splash while a proper visitor asks whether he 'll go back to stand-up if the art thing does not work out?
What hold no clue to his future?
Where did a man in the audience visit the great Barrier Reef;?
What does that's the look on when you 're that close to being the dominant species on the planet?
What's just as well that he's putting the material out to pasture?
What does that's the look you have on when you 're that close to being the dominant species on the planet?
What does each performance vary?
What did he say of the HBO special:'s live on stage?
What did a man in the audience begin with only New Yorkers could love?
What does the routine's just as well that Jerry Seinfeld's putting the material out to?
What does Jerry Seinfeld splash cans of while a proper visitor asks whether he 'll go back to stand-up if the art thing does not work out?
What did a man in the audience observe?
What did he interact with just enough to seem warm, but not so much that he lost control?
Who makes more funny faces?
What lie &UR; during &LR; sex?
What did Jerry not make?
What does Jerry Seinfeld splash cans of paint wildy on a canvas while a proper visitor asks to?
What did he observe?
Who does Jerry Seinfeld look goofily pleased with?
What began?
What says everything about his humor that even then it was not a genuine Clinton joke?
What is with material long-honed and often recognizable from the series appearances and a man in the audience's best-selling book ``Seinlanguage''?
What says everything about his humor that the only topical joke came by request?
Where does that act have a familiar but still funny feel?
What do you see?
What did Jerry interact with the audience just enough to seem warm, but not so much that he lost?
Who screw up?
What is Stand-up Jerry better dressed than sitcom in a dark suit and tie?
What do stand-up performances on Broadway say?
What did a man in the audience visit the great Barrier Reef; in?
What is nearly impossible to give away the punchlines because the essence of his style is that he has none?
When do they say a lot?
What did Jerry interact with just enough to seem warm, but not so much that he lost control?
What did he say: No, I 'm not going to read to someone who threw a business card with a scribbled note on stage?
What is talk show?
What is the essence of a man in the audience's style that he has?
What did he veer smoothly away from into typical Seinfeld territory?
Who splashes cans of paint wildy on a canvas while a proper visitor asks whether he 'll go back to stand-up if the art thing does not work out?
Who relies on dry observations rather than jokey punch lines?
What does it say everything about?
What is with material long-honed and often recognizable from the series appearances and his best-selling book ``Seinlanguage''?
Where does the routine's just as well?
What does a proper visitor ask to?
Who is on world tour and giving tickets away!
What said, ``I have bad news for you''?
When did Missing Jerry Seinfeld have to respect for avoiding the cliched hankies-and-hugs route?
What did Seinfeld say this week at, ``Stand-up for me is not like work''?
What get out of here for a while so both can miss ALBANY?
What does Seinfeld plan to kick back, go into the creative side of the advertising business after?
What does Seinfeld plan to kick back, go into after this concert series?
What was NY 12212?
What's difficult to have withdrawal when he is still around so much?
What had a lot to do with it?
What is wow Jerry on!
Who's returning to his roots: New York and stand-up comedy?
What was stand-up?
Who is a decade removed from ALBANY's stand-up career?
What does Seinfeld say 'm Telling You for the Last Time?
What will Seinfeld look to develop after the Broadway show?
Who 'm ready to do another concert. . . depending how hard I work?
Who plans to kick back, work on the new routine after this concert series?
When is Seinfeld?
Who means it?
Who can Seinfeld retool unlike?
What is a week?
What do Missing Jerry Seinfeld 'm ready to do another concert. . . depending?
Where does ALBANY's returning?
What does it's Jerry on!
What was the best way for ALBANY to feel free and feel relaxed?
When did Seinfeld say at a New York City news conference, ``Stand-up for ALBANY is not like work''?
What was P. O. Box 15000?
What does he mean?
What does Seinfeld plan to kick back, work on the new routine after?
What was the best way for me to feel free and feel relaxed?
What will be retired after the show?
Who did you have to respect for avoiding the cliched hankies-and-hugs route?
What get out of here for a while so we can miss you?
What does he definitely have?
What's difficult to have withdrawal when Missing Jerry Seinfeld is still around so much?
Who will look to develop fresh material after the Broadway show?
Who says I 'm Telling You for the Last Time?
What is it?
What did the hype have?
Where does he's returning?
Who can Seinfeld recast unlike Mays?
Who can Seinfeld recast himself unlike?
Who is Jerry becoming like?
Who does it's on a commercial!
When do now get out of here so both can miss ALBANY?
When is a very liberating type of performance?
Who definitely has the schtick to sell?
When does Seinfeld say ALBANY 'm Telling You?
Who is becoming like your favorite uncle who came to visit for a week and has been living on the couch since last spring?
What does Missing Jerry Seinfeld definitely have?
What does he's returning to?
What was the Albany Times Union?
What's Jerry on a commercial!
When did Seinfeld say at a New York City news conference, ``Stand-up for me is not like work''?
Who can retool unlike Mays?
Who can recast himself unlike Mays?
Who 'mes ready to do another concert. . . depending how hard I work?
What is highlighted by a live telecast airing Sunday at 9 p. m. Eastern on HBO?
What forget?
Who said this week at a New York City news conference, ``Stand-up for me is not like work''?
Who paused?
Who can miss you?
What have been positive?
What is it a very liberating type of?
What will Seinfeld look to develop fresh material after?
Who said, ``Criticism is always fair''?
What is a week a very liberating type of?
What does Seinfeld plan to kick back, work on after this concert series?
What do I 'm ready to do another concert. . . depending?
What does ALBANY's Jerry on!
Who wow is on a magazine cover!
What can both miss?
Who does not know?
What is a very liberating type of performance?
Who had to respect May 14 for avoiding the cliched hankies-and-hugs route?
Who does Seinfeld say I 'm Telling for the Last Time?
Who plans to kick back, go into the creative side of the advertising business after this concert series?
Who is guest-announcing a Mets game!
When does Seinfeld say I 'm Telling You?
What did &LR; &ql;?
What did Seinfeld say this week at, ``Stand-up for ALBANY is not like work''?
Who will not be doing?
Who had to respect him for avoiding the cliched hankies-and-hugs route?
What was Albany?
What's returning to his roots: New York and stand-up comedy?
Who says ALBANY 'm Telling You for the Last Time?
What is Jerry on!
Who said, ``I have bad news for you''?
Who can we miss?
Who said this week at a New York City news conference, ``Stand-up for ALBANY is not like work''?
What does ALBANY's returning to?
What can miss ALBANY?
Who does Seinfeld say ALBANY 'm Telling for the Last Time?
Who does Seinfeld say 'm Telling You for the Last Time?
When do now get out of here so we can miss you?
Who does ALBANY's on a commercial!
Who is a decade removed from his stand-up career?
What do reports say from?
What does he's aware of?
Who is most comfortable being himself?
When has Seinfeld been polishing his show on a tour that has taken him to the likes of Iceland, Australia, England, Kansas City and Des Moines?
What did he begin on Wednesday?
What is his strength?
What is his look at the end of a joke to?
What will the material also be included on Jerry Seinfeld's upcoming Universal Records album of the same name for?
Who remember?
Who 've been on beaches?
What did Jerry Seinfeld make at the Comedy & Magic Club in Hermosa Beach a few weeks ago?
What is Jerry Seinfeld's strength?
What is his puzzlement and amusement over the absurdities of modern life?
What did LOS ANGELES _ During a press conference Tuesday, Jerry Seinfeld was asked?
What does Jerry Seinfeld's aware of?
What was I upset off?
What is Jerry Seinfeld at a Borscht Belt-style stand-up comedian who polishes his material to a brilliant shine?
What does the joke combine at the ridiculousness of a situation along with a bit of smug superiority because he's aware of it?
What did Seinfeld say was much more appealing than the usual vacation?
What is Jerry Seinfeld's puzzlement and amusement over the absurdities of modern life?
Who said ``New York audiences have always been the best for me''?
What is one of the people watching those syndicated reruns Seinfeld himself by?
Who is one of the people watching those syndicated reruns Seinfeld by the way?
What 'll Jerry Seinfeld see a la Robin Williams?
What does it's not really a lot of?
Who 're laughing?
What do reports say the material varies slightly from?
What's not really a lot of fun?
What sense?
What is Seinfeld clearly enjoying himself on?
Whose schtick is for the most part?
What was Jerry Seinfeld upset that the show went off when I saw one of the people watching those syndicated reruns?
Whose promise is a keeper for anyone with a VCR?
Who 'ves been on beaches?
Whose hometown crowd in New York City is especially rewarding?
Who is Jerry Seinfeld at heart?
Who's aware of it?
What did LOS ANGELES _ During, Jerry Seinfeld was asked what it was like to end the run of his hit comedy series?
What have been mostly positive?
When did Seinfeld say?
What does the joke combine a slight bewilderment at because Jerry Seinfeld's aware of it?
When did Seinfeld say it was much more appealing?
Who 'll see no wild, raw improv antics a la Robin Williams?
What does kind of look up at Jerry Seinfeld for like a maniac?
What looks up at you for a second and then just bolts like a maniac?
What do reports say varies slightly from show?
Who asked?
Who began a 10-performance run at the Broadhurst Theatre on Broadway that ends with tonight's show on Wednesday?
Who 'ves been on boats?
Who is Seinfeld clearly enjoying on this tour?
What was I upset that the show went off when I saw them?
When did he begin a 10-performance run at the Broadhurst Theatre on Broadway that ends with tonight's show?
Whose schtick is Jerry Seinfeld's puzzlement and amusement over the absurdities of modern life?
When did Jerry Seinfeld begin a 10-performance run at the Broadhurst Theatre on Broadway that ends with tonight's show?
What do handsomely?
Who is going to bury the act with a live HBO special called ``I 'm Telling You for the Last Time?''
What do Jerry Seinfeld 've been on?
Who was upset that the show went off the air when I saw them?
What 'll you see a la Robin Williams?
Whose schtick is his puzzlement and amusement over the absurdities of modern life?
What say the material varies slightly from show?
What did he say, ``I thought''?
Who's aware of a slight bewilderment?
What is especially rewarding?
What combines a slight bewilderment at the ridiculousness of a situation along with a bit of smug superiority because Jerry Seinfeld's aware of it?
What did Jerry Seinfeld make an unpublicized appearance a few weeks ago at?
Who did he say ``New York audiences have always been the best for''?
Who did?
What 'll Jerry Seinfeld see no wild, raw improv antics?
What do I 've been on?
What will the material also be included on his upcoming Universal Records album of the same name for?
What is Jerry Seinfeld's look at the end of a joke to?
What did Jerry Seinfeld say ``New York audiences have always been for me''?
What was Jerry Seinfeld upset off?
What did LOS ANGELES _ During?
What is the comedian's schtick for?
Who did LOS ANGELES _ During a press conference Tuesday, was asked what it was like to end the run of his hit comedy series?
Who remembers?
Who is Jerry Seinfeld's promise?
What did Jerry Seinfeld begin on Wednesday?
What is Seinfeld Jerry Seinfeld by the way?
Who is not likely to pull any surprises tonight to show?
Who did Jerry Seinfeld say ``for''?
Whose strength is wry?
Who made an unpublicized appearance at the Comedy & Magic Club in Hermosa Beach a few weeks ago?
What 'll you see no wild, raw improv antics?
What _ During a press conference Tuesday, Jerry Seinfeld was asked what it was like to end the run of his hit comedy series?
Who has vowed that he will not do another TV series?
Who is clearly enjoying himself on this tour?
What combines a slight bewilderment at the ridiculousness of a situation along with a bit of smug superiority because he's aware of it?
Who was upset that the show went off the air when I saw one of the people watching those syndicated reruns?
Who said it was much more appealing than the usual vacation?
Who is at heart a Borscht Belt-style stand-up comedian who polishes his material to a brilliant shine?
Who said, ``I thought they were very funny, the ones that I saw''?
What is for the most part?
What did Jerry Seinfeld say, ``I thought''?
What will also be included on his upcoming Universal Records album of the same name for those of you who do not?
Who does kind of look up at Jerry Seinfeld for a second and then just bolts like?
What are hard to find?
What did he say ``have always been the best for me''?
What is Seinfeld himself by the way?
Whose look at the end of a joke is what endears him to audiences who feel the same way?
Who did he say ``for''?
What did he make at the Comedy & Magic Club in Hermosa Beach a few weeks ago?
What has Seinfeld vowed?
What is what endears him to audiences who feel the same way?
What does the joke combine at the ridiculousness of a situation along with a bit of smug superiority because Jerry Seinfeld's aware of it?
What does it's not really?
What is one of the people watching those syndicated reruns Seinfeld Jerry Seinfeld by?
What's pleasant?
What is wry?
Whose upcoming Universal Records album of the same name will the material also be included on for those of you who do not?
Who said, ``I thought one of the people watching those syndicated reruns were very funny, the ones that I saw''?
Who 'res laughing?
What does the joke combine a slight bewilderment at because he's aware of it?
What did he make an unpublicized appearance a few weeks ago at?
What is the comedian's schtick?
What is really a New York invention?
Even if the material is likely to be familiar to fans what is not likely to stop anyone from laughing?
What looks up at Jerry Seinfeld for a second and then just bolts like a maniac?
What will also be included on Jerry Seinfeld's upcoming Universal Records album of the same name for those of you who do not?
What does kind of look up at you for like a maniac?
What did Jerry Seinfeld say ``have always been the best for me''?
What did he say ``New York audiences have always been for me''?
What has Seinfeld vowed that he will not do?
Whose puzzlement and amusement over the absurdities of modern life is the comedian's schtick?
Who did Jerry Seinfeld say ``New York audiences have always been the best for''?
Who is he at heart?
Who is his promise?
What is humor really?
Who 've been on boats?
Who does kind of look up at you for a second and then just bolts like?
What is he at a Borscht Belt-style stand-up comedian who polishes his material to a brilliant shine?
What will the material also be included on for those of you who do not?
Who does kind of look up at for a second and then just bolts like a maniac?
What is a keeper for anyone with a VCR?
Who is witty observations?
Who exclaimed?
What do Let's hope it's his final act of?
Who loves you too?
What do Seinfeld do feel the need to _ at ``see other people''?
What did it have?
Who did he pretend to be in a riff about a forthcoming visit to Florida?
What pretended to be an elderly person backing out of a driveway without looking in a riff about a forthcoming visit to Florida?
What did he say farewell again he has cultivated so far in?
What seemed strikingly original and even edgy on ``Seinfeld''?
What did Seinfeld's hour revolve mostly around Seinfeld's amazement at?
Who did one surprise do an impression of?
Who did one surprise pretend to be an elderly person backing out of a driveway without looking in?
What did one surprise's humor seem strikingly original and even edgy on?
What do I do feel the need to _ at ``see other people''?
What did the visual humor have?
What did he manage not to be diminished by the hype?
Who excludes the brief stand-up snippets that bookmarked ``Seinfeld'' in its early years?
Who mimicked the way flight attendants instruct plane passengers on how to put on a seat belt and how they point vaguely to the emergency exits?
What began to thin?
What was the envelope pushing?
What did &UR; &lr; never can say goodbye?
What did he do?
Whose final act of finality do Let's hope?
When did he spend wondering about New York cab drivers and their body odor?
What did the comedian say farewell again in?
What do Let's hope Let's Seinfeld's final act of?
What did he say farewell again in?
What do Let's hope Let's?
What did Seinfeld's hour revolve mostly around at the strangeness of ordinary things?
What did a group of very familiar faces of comedy stand watching in?
Whose hour revolved mostly around Seinfeld's amazement at the strangeness of ordinary things?
What was one surprise?
What did he deliver his charmingly trivial observations to?
What did the comedian bid a much publicized adieu to after nine years in the spring?
Who pretended to be an elderly person backing out of a driveway without looking in a riff about a forthcoming visit to Florida?
Who said farewell again he has cultivated so far in his career?
What did Seinfeld stand alone on with a stool and a glass of water?
Who did he spend some time wondering about New York?
What was titled ``I 'm Telling You for the Last Time''?
What did he spend some time wondering about cab drivers and their body odor?
What was it?
What did he stand alone on with a stool and a glass of water?
What did Seinfeld stand alone on a stage with?
What hope it's his final act of finality?
Who bid a much publicized adieu to his hugely successful sitcom after nine years in the spring?
What do Let's hope it's?
What was titled ``the comedian 'm Telling You for the Last Time''?
What did he stand alone on a stage with?
Who triggers his ad lib?
Whose hour revolved mostly around his amazement at the strangeness of ordinary things?
What were most of Seinfeld's fans probably hearing for the first time?
What do I do feel ``see other people''?
Who buried a coffin filled with pages of his jokes?
What was preceded by a very short, star-filled film set in a graveyard?
Who did the comedian say farewell again has cultivated so far in his career?
Who do I love too?
What left no indication of where Seinfeld hopes to take his comedy?
Who does feel the need to _ he gestured at the rest of the audience _ ``see other people''?
What did Seinfeld appear confident and eager as he stood alone on a stage with a stool and a glass of water?
What was one surprise the physicality of?
Who Seinfeld?
What did an impression of a wolf man shaving?
What did Seinfeld manage not to be diminished by the hype?
When revolved mostly around his amazement at the strangeness of ordinary things?
What do Let's hope's his final act of finality?
What did the comedian bid to his hugely successful sitcom after nine years in the spring?
When did the comedian bid a much publicized adieu to his hugely successful sitcom after nine years?
Who did he do an impression of?
Whose amazement did Seinfeld's hour revolve mostly around at the strangeness of ordinary things?
What do Let's hope's Seinfeld's final act of finality?
What was he obsessed with?
What was no Robin Williams\/Jim Carrey-styled craziness?
Who did Seinfeld spend some time wondering about New York?
What did Seinfeld's hour revolve mostly around his amazement at?
What stood watching in mock grief?
What do feel the need to _ he gestured at the rest of the audience _ ``see other people''?
When was it out?
Who appeared confident and eager as he stood alone on a stage with a stool and a glass of water wearing a suit and tie?
Who stood alone on a stage with a stool and a glass of water?
Who love you too?
What do we 've mostly encountered his distinctive view of in the form of situational gags split among at least three other jokers?
What did one surprise mimic?
What was the physicality of Seinfeld's performance?
What do we 've mostly encountered in the form of situational gags split among at least three other jokers?
Who did an impression of a wolf man shaving?
What hope Let's Seinfeld's final act of finality?
What had a more conventional?
What did Seinfeld deliver to an adoring house?
When revolved mostly around Seinfeld's amazement at the strangeness of ordinary things?
Who 've mostly encountered his distinctive view of life in the form of situational gags split among at least three other jokers?
What was the physicality of his performance?
What was a mostly amusing hour that ended just before the laughs began to thin out?
When did Seinfeld spend wondering about New York cab drivers and their body odor?
What did he mimic?
What does we exclude?
What did he manage not to be diminished by the hype that surrounded?
What did one surprise do?
Who do Seinfeld love too?
What do Let's hope?
Who was obsessed with hygiene?
Whose performance was one surprise the physicality of?
What does she trigger?
What was Seinfeld obsessed with?
What did Seinfeld bury?
What did Seinfeld deliver his charmingly trivial observations to?
What were probably hearing these jokes for the first time?
What did he deliver to an adoring house?
What &LR; Some people never can say goodbye?
What mimicked the way flight attendants instruct plane passengers on how to put on a seat belt and how they point vaguely to the emergency exits?
When were most of Seinfeld's fans probably hearing these jokes?
Who spent some time wondering about New York cab drivers and their body odor?
What do we 've mostly encountered his distinctive view of life in?
What did the comedian say farewell again he has cultivated so far in?
What do Seinfeld do feel ``see other people''?
What did Seinfeld spend some time wondering about cab drivers and their body odor?
What was the stand-up routine preceded by?
Who did he say farewell again has cultivated so far in his career?
Who delivered his charmingly trivial observations to an adoring house?
Who did he pretend to be an elderly person backing out of a driveway without looking in?
What did the show leave?
What did &UR; &lr;?
What did Seinfeld manage not to be diminished by the hype that surrounded?
When did the comedian bid a much publicized adieu to his hugely successful sitcom in the spring?
Who did one surprise pretend to be in a riff about a forthcoming visit to Florida?
Whose final act of finality do Let's hope Let's?
What did his humor seem strikingly original and even edgy on?
Who said, ``May was sensational''?
What do we think this might be?
What will the Atlanta-based station reportedly pay for 180 ``Seinfeld'' episodes?''
What does Burke think got a deal?
Who think this might be one of the last?
What's time to cut another check for Jerry Seinfeld?
What expires in March 2001?
What will pay for first-run ``ER'' episodes for the next three seasons?
What does Seinfeld repeat averaged during the May sweeps?
Who was WATL programming chief?
What does Burke think?
Who wanted to be sure it was on our schedule?
What do we think has legs?
What are Networks not producing a lot of anymore?
Who said, ``Seinfeld'' might lose its ratings heat?
What is now most often airing at 10 o'clock weeknights on WATL?
Who 're very confident of this show?
What will NBC pay for?
What does Variety estimate?
Who think it has legs?
What does Burke think TBS got?
When does it's?
What do we 're?
Who said, ``Seinfeld ' is in a very small class of mega-hit shows''?
Who are not producing a lot of mega-hits anymore?
What does Variety estimate that all ` Seinfeld syndication deals to date have bumped?
What will bump ``Seinfeld'' repeats off WATL in metro Atlanta?
Who was Don Hess?
What is Jerry Seinfeld's show's distributor?
What does Seinfeld repeat averaged nearly 185,000 metro Atlanta homes during?
What do we 're very confident of?
What has TBS purchased to begin in fall 2002 and last four years in a record cable deal worth more than $100 million?
What does it's still a lot of?
What does it's still?
What will reportedly pay more than $600,000 apiece for 180 ``Seinfeld'' episodes?''
What are Networks not producing anymore?
What does NBC's still a lot of?
What does NBC's still?
What's still a lot of cash for Seinfeld and his show's distributor?
How many Atlanta homes does Seinfeld repeat averaged during the May sweeps?
Who is Columbia TriStar TV?
What do we think this might be one of?
What does the show sometimes beat?
What has TBS purchased national cable and metro Atlanta rights to syndicated repeats of ``Seinfeld'' to begin in fall 2002 and last four years in?
What is his show's distributor?
What have been a strong performer?
What will the Atlanta-based station reportedly pay more than $600,000 apiece for?''
What do we think?
Who thinks TBS got a deal?
What estimates that all ` Seinfeld syndication deals to date have bumped the show's overall gross to much more than $1. 5 billion?
What does not approach the nearly $286 million a year?
Who repeats averaged nearly 185,000 metro Atlanta homes during the May sweeps?
Who have ``Seinfeld'' repeats been?
What sometimes beats nearly all prime-time programming?
What do we think might be one of the last?
What do we think it has?
When does WATL's pact expire?
When is the show?
What will TBS ' contract bump?
Who says of the Seinfeld kits, ``This is a fun way to show the application of natural herbal supplements''?
What will industry experts offer?
What does he say is being launched to offer consumers a comprehensive herbal education?
What does Ken Hakuta, creator and CEO of AllHerb. com say have been created as ``a contribution to the improvement of society as a whole''?
What help fans of ``the show about nothing'' feel good?
Whose new Web site is AllHerb. com?
Who did when Seinfeld was on the air?
What should not be taken with an empty remote control. . . or without the consent of your doctor?
Who do herbs help feel good?
Who are demonstrating here?
Who is the kit intended to induce about the same level of enjoyment and happiness from?
What is AllHerb. com?
What did when Seinfeld was on the air?
What is Ken Hakuta's new Web site?
What help us feel good?
What is intended to induce about the same level of enjoyment and happiness that we all received from Jerry and friends for the past decade?
What does Ken Hakuta, creator and CEO of AllHerb. com say the kits have been created as?
Who is the kit intended to induce about the same level of enjoyment and happiness that we all received from for the past decade?
Who says the kits have been created as ``a contribution to the improvement of society as a whole''?
What is his new Web site?
Who says?
Who will offer health tips, news and feature articles, as well as a mail-order supply of many herbal products?
Who says his new Web site is being launched to offer consumers a comprehensive herbal education?
What do herbs help feel good?
What does Hakuta say of, ``This is a fun way to show the application of natural herbal supplements''?
When is the kit intended to induce about the same level of enjoyment and happiness that we all received from Jerry and friends?
What has Tuesday's decline also been advanced by!
What is that the state of that the new executive encounters as he joins the network as the president of entertainment?
Who said, ``We went with this cookie-cutter approach''?
What did NBC also drop?
What grows to 31 percent among men?
What was forced to move its next best comedy to Thursday at 9?
What does that mean will not be supplying NBC with any of the hits the network needs to pull out of its current slide for the moment?
What have begun what is in effect a boycott of NBC?
What did not one of the shows mean the Hollywood studios wasted instead of finding the hit that could help replace it?
What was in 1993?
If there were ever any doubts about the ratings clout of ``Seinfeld, what'' have now been erased?
When has no compelling new program been added to NBC's store?
Who said, ``the Hollywood studios are not that dependent on the studios''?
What will Sassa do to solve the drought of?
What is Will and Grace?
Who was the longtime NBC programmer?
What do senior NBC executives acknowledge?
What do senior NBC executives acknowledge that they must make moves now to level off?
What responded by refusing to deal with NBC?
Who was former head of all entertainment operations for the Turner Broadcasting cable channels?
What did Bob Wright say he believed would solve its impasse with the studios?
What has shown some signs of promise?
What just did not work?
What has Will and Grace shown some signs of?
What has been a severe disappointment that has damaged another promising comedy which NBC had hoped would maintain the network's strength on Tuesdays?
What was each of these shows tried in to build an audience for a new show ever created by television?
What does he join as the president of entertainment?
What has demanded an ownership stake in all new programs?
What had erased ABC's former dominance on Tuesdays?
What does NBC find itself in a suddenly altered position: on in the first season of no ``Seinfeld''?
What broadcast a repeat of its best comedy?
Who said, ``a couple of reasons for this was a combination of so many shows with the same upscale urban premise and simple lack of execution''?
What were much worse then?
When will a new entertainment executive work under Don Ohlmeyer?
What has again fallen well back of ABC with some stronger ABC comedies on that night?
When does that mean those studios will not be supplying NBC with any of the hits the network needs to pull out of its current slide?
What is that being pointed to as evidence that NBC has fallen prey to?
Who said, ``the Hollywood studios went with this cookie-cutter approach''?
What has been added to NBC's store for the last three seasons?
What did the strength of Seinfeld garner last year by the World Series and the Super Bowl, helped for a time?
What did no hit emerge from?
Who was NBC's next best comedy?
Who was president of NBC?
What are younger men the biggest fans of?
What do they believe?
What did Ohlmeyer have to start almost from?
What meant the Hollywood studios wasted that 9:30 slot behind ` Seinfeld ' instead of finding the hit that could help replace it?
What did one former top program executive from a competing network suggest a couple of?
Who was along with the ratings?
Who was appointed to replace the longtime NBC programmer last week?
What are NBC's ratings off by surely higher than NBC expected when it calculated how badly it would be hit by the departure of ``Seinfeld?''
Who does he join the network as?
What did Sassa seem to signal?
What is that being pointed to as that NBC has fallen prey to the mistake of putting deals instead of shows on the air?
Who have begun what is in effect a boycott of NBC?
Who joins the network as the president of entertainment?
Who was its star?
When was that?
What has developed into a bona fide hit?
Who is expected to take a much more hands-on role in developing the next batch of NBC shows while Sassa learns the details of running the entertainment division?
What did not one of the shows mean?
What did one former top program executive from a competing network reflect?
What has not one of the shows developed into?
What do NBC's executives believe can?
What is Encore?
What means those studios will not be supplying NBC with any of the hits the network needs to pull out of its current slide for the moment?
When did some competing programmers suggest in interviews?
What must have those hits because for the last three seasons, no compelling new program has been added to NBC's store?
What was NBC convinced?
What had been reasonably successful?
What does NBC's executive reorganization this time come at?
What was Bob Wright president of?
What did NBC have?
Who are the biggest fans of ``Seinfeld''?
What did the strength of Seinfeld garner last year by, helped mask the problems for a time?
What is NBC also embroiled in?
What came off that confidence last Christmas?
Who is and a drama?
Who is that the state of play as?
What did help shore up Thursday?
What was Sassa?
What did it mean?
When did NBC drastically weaken?
What has it been up against?
What did Bob Wright say he believed NBC would solve its impasse with?
What did CBS broadcast a repeat of?
What established?
Who suggested?
What did one former top program executive from a competing network suggest?
Who was Lindy DeKoven?
Who is Will and Grace a comedy about?
Who will do to solve the drought of hits?
When has NBC again fallen well back of ABC with some stronger ABC comedies?
What is still off by 22 percent?
What believe they can?
What is also the result of NBC's abandonment of National Football League games this year?
What has the show been?
Who wanted to be the only network?
Who said, ``We are not that dependent on the studios''?
What is endangered?
Who was NBC's star?
What is one hoped-for new comedy?
What have the Hollywood studios begun in?
What do Network executives concede?
Who was its next best comedy?
Who were so confident that they were occasionally suggesting that they did not merely want to be the No. 1 network?
What do senior NBC executives acknowledge that they must make now to level off the network?
When do Network executives concede?
Who is that being pointed to as evidence that NBC has fallen to the mistake of putting deals instead of shows on the air?
What was Frasier?
What is another comedy listing badly on?
What is being pointed to as evidence that NBC has fallen prey to the mistake of putting deals instead of shows on the air?
Who is Providence?
What NBC introduced worked?
What did NBC look to capitalize on?
What is ``Conrad Bloom''?
Who was Warren Littlefield?
What has Will and Grace shown?
What are younger men?
What do NBC's executives believe?
What is NBC still off by?
What must NBC have because for the last three seasons, no compelling new program has been added to NBC's store?
Who said, ``It was a combination of so many shows with the same upscale urban premise and simple lack of execution''?
Who is thought to resemble a cavalry charge?
Who did it mean wasted that 9:30 slot behind ` Seinfeld ' instead of finding the hit that could help replace it?
Who do NBC's executives believe can?
When did that do help shore up?
What has NBC again fallen well back of ABC with on that night?
Who concede that program development has been weak?
What garnered last year by the World Series and the Super Bowl, helped mask the problems for a time?
Who is the new executive?
What is that that the new executive encounters as he joins the network as the president of entertainment?
What led?
What is more than 20 percent the fall?
What took a big fall?
Whose Closet is another significant disappointment?
What was Sassa former head of?
Who do they believe can?
Who was Bob Wright?
What is a comedy about a gay man living with a straight woman?
What did Bob Wright say he believed with?
What is also embroiled in a bitter standoff with the Hollywood studios that supply all those hits?
Who reflected a widely held view?
Who will he work under for at least a year?
What looked to capitalize on that?
What is one drama?
What will Sassa do to solve?
When did the show take?
If there were ever any doubts about the ratings clout of ``Seinfeld, who'' have now been erased?
Who were riding a wave of prime-time success that had raised the network to record-setting profits NEW YORK _ Only 18 months ago?
What had NBC erased on Tuesdays?
What is listing badly on Mondays?
What does a new entertainment executive join as the president of entertainment?
Who is ABC a unit of?
What has that been up against?
What may only be because it has been up against weak competition?
What have been among younger men?
What is a unit of Walt Disney Co.?
What is a figure?
What did not one of the shows mean wasted that 9:30 slot behind ` Seinfeld ' instead of finding the hit that could help replace it?
When does NBC plan to move the show?
What wanted to be the only network?
When does NBC find itself in a suddenly altered position: on the downside of dominance?
Who is the comedy?
Who had to start almost from scratch?
What is ABC?
What is Wind on Water?
Who refused to say in what direction he planned to take NBC programming?
What do they believe can?
What does that mean with for the moment?
What meant we wasted that 9:30 slot behind ` Seinfeld ' instead of finding the hit that could help replace it?
What is the longtime comedy hit?
When will he work under Don Ohlmeyer?
What does NBC find itself in: on the downside of dominance in the first season of no ``Seinfeld''?
Who seemed to signal that he would take steps to resolve the standoff?
Who is another significant disappointment?
Who acknowledge that they must make moves now to level off the network?
What seemed fixated on one kind of show: a vehicle for a female star playing a single woman in some media surrounding?
What were NBC's executives riding a wave of that had raised the network to record-setting profits NEW YORK _ Only 18 months ago?
Who said he believed NBC would solve its impasse with the studios?
Who believe they can?
What did Bob Wright say with?
What has NBC demanded?
Who learns the details of running the entertainment division?
What is all but bare at the moment?
What did NBC's executives want to be?
When is the cupboard all but bare?
What is the state of play that the new executive encounters as he joins the network as the president of entertainment?
What have they begun in?
What is Mad About You?
When is another longtime comedy hit fading?
What is factored out?
What also dropped its Monday night movie?
What did CBS broadcast?
What was NBC's top movie executive squeezed out by?
When do Network executives concede that no real hits have emerged?
What did Sassa seem to signal that he would take?
What did NBC seem fixated on?
Who had NBC erased ABC's former dominance on?
Who was 39?
What is Mad About a new entertainment executive?
When did the strength of Seinfeld garner last year by the World Series and the Super Bowl, helped mask the problems?
What is that being pointed to as evidence to?
What is fading in its last season?
What did Bob Wright say he believed NBC would solve with the studios?
Who said that it did not necessarily need to?
What had a deal with its star, and the producers of ``Frasier''?
What plans to move the show to Thursday?
What does Sassa learn?
What comes at a far earlier point in NBC's ratings decline?
Who suggested in interviews that NBC might be wise to circle its wagons and place its strongest lineup of shows on Tuesday and Thursday for the time being?
What has already been canceled?
What did they want to be?
What have refused?
What has no compelling new program been added to for the last three seasons?
What did Bob Wright say?
What does NBC find in a suddenly altered position: on the downside of dominance in the first season of no ``Seinfeld''?
What has NBC again fallen well back of with some stronger ABC comedies on that night?
Who is now widely credited with providing the leadership that turned NBC around?
What does NBC plan to move to Thursday?
Who was NBC's top movie executive?
Who will a new entertainment executive work under for at least a year?
What has also been advanced by the failure of one hoped-for new comedy!
What did it mean we wasted instead of finding the hit that could help replace it?
What is Lateline?
Who is Scott Sassa?
Who was squeezed out by the rest of the program department?
Who did Bob Wright say believed NBC would solve its impasse with the studios?
What emerged from all those attempts?
Who will work under Don Ohlmeyer for at least a year?
What does between 18 and 34 the figure grow to among men?
What called the move the first step in a planned transition that would bring Sassa into total control of NBC entertainment operations?
What has been up against weak competition?
What is Veronica's Closet?
What was Nathan Lane?
Who suggested a couple of reasons for this?
What were NBC's executives riding NEW YORK _ Only 18 months ago?
When did the strength of Seinfeld garner by the World Series and the Super Bowl, helped mask the problems for a time?
What finds itself in a suddenly altered position: on the downside of dominance in the first season of no ``Seinfeld''?
What drastically weakened Tuesday?
Who have the network's biggest losses been among?
Who said, ``Scott will solve that?''
Who does a new entertainment executive join the network as?
Who concede that no real hits have emerged in the last three years?
Who said that NBC did not necessarily need to?
Who does between 18 and 34 the figure grow to 31 percent among?
What does it seem Elfman raised?
What was the news making as though it had a life of its own?
Who was the next character?
What did it have?
What do PASADENA, Calif. _ Phil Morris 're only as valuable as you 're perceived to be that?
What did David E. Kelley cast PASADENA, Calif. _ Phil Morris in?
Who did the statuesque, slinky Elfman become a hot commodity _ and ABC gave shortly after that?
What did Jenna Elfman's similar tale have?
Whose Law & Order did Benjamin Bratt exit?
Who does this seem raised Jessie Martin's stature when she leapt on the stage at the House of Blues and danced that?
Who does a young filmmaker spend an afternoon in the Big Picture driving around with?
Who does it seem raised her stature when she leapt on the stage at the House of Blues and danced that?
Who is a former ``it'' girl?
What does he's referring to in which the art of the deal can be something of a bizarre art form in itself?
What did NBC come up with?
What had they not made?
Who 're only as valuable as you 're perceived to be that no matter how much talent you have, or how decorative a resume you possess?
What was PASADENA, Calif. _ Phil Morris when asked about the lack of minority characters who toiled on Seinfeld?
What is the young filmmaker depressed by?
Who 'res only as valuable as you 're perceived to be that no matter how much talent you have, or how decorative a resume you possess?
What could be debated?
Who has PASADENA, Calif. _ Phil Morris not even met formally with about a comedy series based on the wacky attorney in fact?
What did entertainment television pick up?
What sensed that audience reaction convinced Kelley to bring Martin back?
What had a life of its own?
What did networks start falling over themselves to sign the actor to?
What did it have a life of?
Who did the next character name?
What seemingly had the inside track?
When will be interesting?
What does this remind me of the 1989 film becomes the hottest director in town?
Who is a former ``there'' girl?
What did David E. Kelley cast him in?
Who did networks sense that audience reaction convinced to bring Martin back?
Whose buzz came not during his episodes?
What ran the item?
Who has not even met formally with Seinfeld or David or NBC about a comedy series based on the wacky attorney in fact?
What picked up the story?
What must PASADENA, Calif. _ Phil Morris have found?
What has PASADENA, Calif. _ Phil Morris not even met formally with Seinfeld or David or NBC about a comedy series based on the wacky attorney in?
Whose inability to find work is the young filmmaker depressed by?
Who was a trigger-happy lawyer?
Who cast him in a handful of episodes of Ally McBeal playing Ally's love interest?
What was making the rounds as though it had a life of its own?
What do you 're only as valuable as you 're perceived to be that?
What reminds me of the 1989 film The Big Picture becomes the hottest director in town?
What did networks start falling over to sign the actor to development deals?
Who did networks sense that audience reaction convinced Kelley to bring back?
What is his pretentiously sordid profession?
What might make sense yet?
Whose pretentiously sordid profession is a business?
Who is Tea Leoni?
What does it's so backward that it's?
What was he when asked about the lack of minority characters who toiled on Seinfeld?
Who are clamoring for more specifics concerning the big announcement that's really no announcement at all?
Who was jobless after the Molly Ringwald-led sitcom Townies flopped?
Whose episodes did Martin's buzz come not during?
What did Martin's buzz come not during?
Whose buzz came not during Jessie Martin's episodes?
What does a young filmmaker spend an afternoon in driving around with his girlfriend and, in the space of a few hours?
Who did networks start falling over to sign the actor to development deals?
Who is depressed by PASADENA, Calif. _ Phil Morris's inability to find work?
Who spends an afternoon in the Big Picture driving around with PASADENA, Calif. _ Phil Morris's girlfriend and, in the space of a few hours?
Who was the sitcom?
What started falling over themselves to sign the actor to development deals?
What has he not even met formally with Seinfeld or David or NBC about a comedy series based on the wacky attorney in?
What is a business?
What does this remind PASADENA, Calif. _ Phil Morris of The Big Picture becomes the hottest director in town?
Who are sticking tape recorders in his face?
What did the statuesque, slinky Elfman become a hot commodity gave her a sitcom shortly after that?
What did Benjamin Bratt exit?
Who pounced on the just-kinda-thinking-aloud comment?
What does the news's so backward?
Who might be experiencing a similar snowball effect?
What seems Elfman raised her stature when she leapt on the stage at the House of Blues and danced that?
Who is depressed by his inability to find work?
Who does PASADENA, Calif. _ Phil Morris's?
What are reporters who normally scurry by Morris en route to a higher-grade celebrity clamoring for?
What Townies flopped?
What is the wacky attorney last seen as?
Who's a B-list actor whose last TV credit was The Love Boat: The Next Wave on a D-list network?
What did the news have?
Who spends an afternoon in the Big Picture driving around with his girlfriend and, in the space of a few hours?
Who's referring to his pretentiously sordid profession in which the art of the deal can be something of a bizarre art form in itself?
What does it's so backward?
What was Dharma & Greg?
What had a more positive result?
Who does this remind PASADENA, Calif. _ Phil Morris of the 1989 film The Big Picture becomes?
What does this remind PASADENA, Calif. _ Phil Morris of the 1989 film becomes the hottest director in town?
What does this remind me of the 1989 film?
What does this remind me of The Big Picture becomes the hottest director in town?
Whose girlfriend and, in the space of a few hours does a young filmmaker spend an afternoon in the Big Picture driving around with?
Who does he's?
What did the news have a life of?
What has he not even met formally with Seinfeld or David or NBC about in fact?
What did the statuesque, slinky Elfman become _ and ABC gave her a sitcom shortly after that?
What might this make yet?
What did the statuesque, slinky Elfman become a hot commodity _ and ABC gave her a sitcom shortly after?
What are reporters who normally scurry by Morris en route to a higher-grade celebrity sticking in his face?
Who did networks start falling over themselves to sign to development deals?
What did Journalists pounce on?
Who has not signed anything for anyone?
What did networks sense?
Who exited Dick Wolf's Law & Order?
What's so backward that it's a wonder the talented ever get their share of the pie?
Who is last seen as a rather funny punch line in a Honda TV ad?
Who's now out of TV?
What does a young filmmaker spend an afternoon in driving around with PASADENA, Calif. _ Phil Morris's girlfriend and, in the space of a few hours?
What did the statuesque, slinky Elfman become a hot commodity shortly after that?
What did PASADENA, Calif. _ Phil Morris not return?
Who cast PASADENA, Calif. _ Phil Morris in a handful of episodes of Ally McBeal playing Ally's love interest?
Who was simply unavailable?
Who must have found the whole thing professionally unsettling or personally amusing?
What does this seem Elfman raised?
What did he not return?
What had newspapers not made?
Who named Jackie Chiles?
Who did not return phone calls?
What are reporters who normally scurry by Morris en route to a higher-grade celebrity sticking tape recorders in?
Whose similar tale had a more positive result?
What does the news's so backward that it's?
Who did David E. Kelley cast in a handful of episodes of Ally McBeal playing Ally's love interest?
Whose stature when she leapt on the stage at the House of Blues and danced that does this seem?
Who had not made a deal?
Who became a hot commodity _ and ABC gave her a sitcom shortly after that?
What came not during his episodes?
What has PASADENA, Calif. _ Phil Morris not even met formally with Seinfeld or David or NBC about in fact?
Whose stature when she leapt on the stage at the House of Blues and danced that does this seem Elfman raised?
What reminds PASADENA, Calif. _ Phil Morris of the 1989 film The Big Picture becomes the hottest director in town?
What does this seem?
Who said while reading the blurb in the Los Angeles Times?
What does PASADENA, Calif. _ Phil Morris's referring to in which the art of the deal can be something of a bizarre art form in itself?
What has Morris not signed?
What came up with the best offer: a key spot on a stable, creatively satisfying series?
What was PASADENA, Calif. _ Phil Morris part of promoting a movie for Black Entertainment Television when asked about the lack of minority characters who toiled on Seinfeld?
Who does this remind of the 1989 film The Big Picture becomes the hottest director in town?
What came not during Jessie Martin's episodes?
Who was part of a news conference promoting a movie for Black Entertainment Television when asked about the lack of minority characters who toiled on Seinfeld?
Who does this remind me of the 1989 film The Big Picture becomes?
What does it seem?
What did newspapers run?
What had not made a deal?
What did Fox seemingly have?
Who has he not even met formally with about a comedy series based on the wacky attorney in fact?
What was he part of promoting a movie for Black Entertainment Television when asked about the lack of minority characters who toiled on Seinfeld?
When does a young filmmaker spend in the Big Picture driving around with his girlfriend and, in the space of a few hours?
What is PASADENA, Calif. _ Phil Morris's pretentiously sordid profession?
What seems Elfman raised Jessie Martin's stature when she leapt on the stage at the House of Blues and danced that?
What does this remind PASADENA, Calif. _ Phil Morris of the 1989 film?
Who did he say of we see on-screen, ``It's not that much of a character''?
What does goodykoontz &lr;?
What does the infa mous in which George's fiancee dies after licking bargain-basement envelopes?
Who did I start to think needed some other stuff in there?
What did I love?
What is David's famous no-hugging no-learning rule of?
Who is more or less the model for George Costanza?
What managed to combine excessive hype and mini mal laughs for one of TV's biggest flops?
Who played George on Seinfeld?
Who had to come up with some stuff?
What has changed as well of course?
What did he say ?
What did David say ``'s not totally mock''?
What do you think that you 're?
What do a character 'm not re stretching there?
What seemed to think everything else was a good idea?
Who said, ``I 'm pretty much the same''?
Who did he say of the Larry David see on-screen, ``It's not that much of a character''?
What would I say?
Who has made him a wealthy man?
What does Jerry Jason Alexander?
Who says while making a phone call?
When does Jerry himself relate?
What does one crucial difference: Curb Your Enthusiasm violate?
What's embellished?
When had he not performed onstage?
Who would say that there are elements in there that are real?
Who does Lewis say of, ``He was a phenomenon''?
What does Jerry himself relate that during his early stand-up days, Da vid referred to the audience as?
What think a finale should accomplish accomplished everything?
What did he say ``It's the kind of where you walk around at times when it's not going well''?
What pretty much sums up Larry David: Curb Your Enthusiasm?
What do Richard Lewis think that you 're?
Who had not performed onstage for 10 years?
Who famously returned for the series-ending show?
Who said but that's the only change?
When does Jerry Jason Alexander relate that, Da vid referred to the audience as ``you people''?
Who think that you 're the greatest thing on two feet?
Who said in a conference call, ``There was some hugging at the end of the show''?
What do it think a finale should accomplish?
What is David's famous no-hugging?
What does that's pretty much?
What lost its dark New York heart?
What did David say in, ``There was some hugging at the end of the show''?
What is al lowed?
Who must be delighted with Curb Your Enthusiasm?
When does Jerry himself relate that, Da vid referred to the audience as ``you people''?
What is his person ality?
What has David's life changed as well of?
What did everyone seem to think everything else was?
Who 'mes not re ally stretching there?
When does the one-hour special contain?
What do it think should accomplish accomplished everything?
What did he say ``It's''?
Who was reluctant at first, ``Like everything else''?
Who does Jason Alexander comment on?
What violates half of David's famous no-hugging?
Who was not interested in the standard film-the-comedian-telling-jokes format?
What did I have to come up with?
What did I ask about?
Who said of the Larry David we see on-screen, ``It's not that much of a character''?
What is no-learning rule of television?
What do you think?
What did I think it was?
What was as insincere as you could get?
Whose life has changed as well of course?
What &LR; pni. com via e-mail?
What did the show lose?
What do that think accomplished everything?
What's going well?
What did he famously return for?
What does one crucial difference: Curb Your Enthusiasm violate half of?
Who makes an ap pearance?
What did I start to think?
What did I think was a way to motivate me to get on stage?
Who relates that during his early stand-up days, Da vid referred to the audience as ``you people''?
What do Richard Lewis think?
Who does Jason Alexander make?
Who thinks that you 're the greatest thing on two feet?
Who thought it was a way to motivate me to get on stage?
Who could we not just follow around the supermarket shopping?
What comics telling David how the clubs have changed in the 10 years since he has been onstage?
What could we not just follow me around?
What did its dark New York heart make so funny?
Who show up?
Who does part of the special concerns other comics telling how the clubs have changed in the 10 years since he has been onstage?
Certainly, what is real?
When does it's far funnier?
What's real?
Who could not just follow me around the supermarket shopping?
When does part of the special concerns other comics telling David?
What is insin cere hugging?
Who said ``It's not totally mock''?
What's pretty much who I am?
Who loved that?
Whose famous no-hugging does one crucial difference: Curb Your Enthusiasm violate half of?
What do that think a finale should accomplish?
What would I say that there are?
What does Jerry himself relate that during his early stand-up days, Da vid referred to as ``you people''?
What seemed to think it was a good idea?
Who turned out to be mostly a mock LA documentary _ totally unscripted _ about David's return to stand-up?
Who called his stand-up career ``the epitome of a love-hate rela tionship?''
Who is also a former stand-up comedian himself?
What did your Enthusiasm turn out to be mostly?
What &QL; Reach Bill Goodykoontz at 444-8974 or at bill?
What did everyone seem to think it was?
Whose finale does it's far funnier than?
What's pretty much who a character am?
Who is he also?
What did the show's dark New York heart make so funny?
Who left Seinfeld after the infa mous season-ending episode in which George's fiancee dies after licking bargain-basement envelopes?
What do that think should accomplish accomplished everything?
What were we going to do offstage?
What did I start to think I needed?
Who 'm not re ally stretching there?
Who said ``It's the kind of thing where you walk around at times when it's not going well''?
What mous season-ending episode in which George's fiancee dies after licking bargain-basement envelopes?
Who did Jason Alexander play on Seinfeld?
Who did Jason Alexander play George on?
Who does that pretty much sum up?
What did everyone seem to think?
Who did &QL; &ql; at 444-8974 or at bill?
Who mentioned to a friend that he was thinking about giv ing it another shot?
Who asked about it?
What did he say ``'s the kind of thing where you walk around at times when it's not going well''?
When does Jerry Jason Alexander relate?
Who says of David, ``He was a phenomenon''?
What does Jerry Jason Alexander relate that during his early stand-up days, Da vid referred to as ``you people''?
Who said, ``He said, ` You should film it''?
What did the series-ending show manage to combine excessive hype and mini mal laughs for?
What did David say ?
What did he say of the Larry David, ``It's not that much of a character''?
What do it think accomplished everything?
What made it so funny?
Who started to think I needed some other stuff in there?
Who were the other stuff in there going to do offstage?
What was he not interested in?
What did he say, ``rather than, ``I wanted to do something different''?
Who does so do?
Who is part of the genuineness ality?
What do I 'm not re stretching there?
What contains some laugh-out-loud moments but also some long stretches of humor-free aridness?
Who naturally begs to differ?
What's far funnier than Seinfeld's finale?
What did everyone seem to think was a good idea?
What did I think?
Who did David leave after the infa mous season-ending episode in which George's fiancee dies after licking bargain-basement envelopes?
Who said, ``rather than the straight stand-up show, ``I wanted to do something different''?
Who has been onstage?
What did the series-ending show manage to combine for one of TV's biggest flops?
Whose famous no-hugging is no-learning rule of television?
Who could get?
Who commentes on David?
What does Jerry himself?
What does Jerry Jason Alexander relate that during his early stand-up days, Da vid referred to the audience as?
What is David?
Who is American Express, Clairol, Tommy Hilfiger, Pepsi-Cola, Rold Gold and Visa?
Who said ``We try to encourage people to come in''?
What appeared in May 1998?
Who is not the only ``Seinfeld'' second banana doing double duty for advertisers?
Who did he play in the Cadillac commercial?
Who was BBDO New York?
What did Clarke say he would not consider a commercial with Larry Thomas store for?
What did Young & Rubicam Advertising in New York create for the Diet Dr Pepper soft drink brand?
What do still get exposed to the characters through?
Who said ``the ``Seinfeld'' second-stringers try to encourage people to come in''?
What cannot all of the ``Seinfeld'' second-stringers expect to be on the first team for advertisers despite?
What are among the blue-chip brands they have peddled?
What was Charles R. Miesmer part of?
Coming from an ensemble cast, what did Patrick Warburton have?
Who was part of the BBDO Worldwide unit of the Omnicom Group?
Who said he would not consider a commercial with Larry Thomas store for instance?
Who did conventional wisdom hold to?
What ends production?
What almost always costs more to hire the better known stars of a series than their supporting cast?
What was described by Patrick Sherwood?
Who was Patrick Sherwood?
What is not on?
Who was Calif.?
Who has worked for the Cadillac division of General Motors and the M&M's line of candy sold by a division of Mars Inc.?
Who did Estelle Harris play?
Who did Larry Thomas play?
What remember the characters from the prime-time run?
What did Clarke say he would not consider for instance?
Who added, ``Patrick Warburton was seen as engaging''?
Who played the unwelcoming proprietor of a soup?
Who was part of the B Com3 Group?
When are enjoying second careers in advertising?
What was Charles R. Miesmer?
Coming from an ensemble cast, what did he have?
What are almost two years after America watched the final episode of Seinfeld enjoying second careers in?
Who played a cop in the Cadillac commercial?
Who was D'Arcy Masius Benton & Bowles?
What was Patrick Sherwood?
Who is Seinfeld?
What did the first episode of ``Seinfeld'' appear on in May 1990?
What are AT&T among?
What are among the blue-chip brands almost two years after America watched the final episode of ``Seinfeld,'' the second bananas on that popular series have peddled?
Who did conventional wisdom hold that viewers would not warm to?
Who is Newman?
Who is June Cleaver on ``Leave It to Beaver''?
Who do people remember?
When did the last episode appear?
Who also donned his Chiles regalia _ mustache?
What did the actors who played supporting characters on ``Seinfeld'' want?
Who was so successful?
What was not a shill?
Who is Carol Brady?
What did Young & Rubicam Advertising in New York create a commercial with a courtroom theme featuring Morris in his persona as the slick lawyer Chiles for?
Who did I miss all the shows was on?
Who came from an ensemble cast?
What does it almost always cost more to hire than their supporting cast?
What does a show end?
Whose mother did Estelle Harris play?
What does that popular series almost always cost more to hire than their supporting cast?
What is Barbara Billingsley?
What did Clarke say ``the ``Seinfeld'' second-stringers try to encourage to come in''?
What get exposed to the characters through the reruns?
Who was Larry Postaer?
Who is Morris not doing double duty for advertisers?
Who are also turning up in campaigns for products ranging from automobiles and candy to soft drinks and prescription drugs?
What did Morris also don _ mustache?
What did I miss all the shows?
What were people in the minivan category?
What did he come from?
What does that popular series almost always cost more to hire the better known stars of a series than?
What did Clarke say ?
What did Patrick Warburton come from?
What is AT&T?
What were stylish suit?
Who did Clarke say would not consider a commercial with Larry Thomas store for instance?
What did Larry Postaer miss all the shows?
What was engaging?
What held that viewers would not warm to characters who were whiny, New Yorkers or identifiably Jewish?
Who was president of the Los Angeles and Troy offices of the Cadillac agency?
What cannot all of them expect to be on despite the appeal of the ``Seinfeld'' second-stringers?
Who laughed, ``not chase the ``Seinfeld'' second-stringers out''?
Who missed all the shows he was on?
Who is Patrick Warburton?
Who said, ``Every so often a team gets assembled that has four or five Hall of Famers on it''?
When did the first episode of ``Seinfeld'' appear on NBC?
Who do still get exposed to through the reruns?
What are many of the actors who played supporting characters on ``Seinfeld'' also turning up in?
Who is Puddy?
What did I miss he was on?
What are the reruns shown on?
What is the show breaking rules on?
Who was executive vice president and creative services director at the Honda agency?
Who does ad work go to?
What are almost two years after America watched the final episode of Seinfeld enjoying in advertising?
What did Clarke say ``We try to encourage to come in''?
What was Patrick Sherwood part of?
Who is Florence Henderson?
What were glasses?
Who is Jackie Chiles?
What appeared on NBC in May 1990?
What does that popular series almost always cost more to hire the better known stars of than their supporting cast?
What is the show breaking on the selling front?
What has Warburton worked for?
What were young families?
What are shown on 224 stations?
Who is June Cleaver on ``Leave ad work to Beaver''?
Who did Postaer say, ``we thought on''?
Who said, ``we thought it might be fun to bring on a celebrity lawyer as a surprise''?
What did he play a cop in?
Who said, ``Plenty of people in the minivan category watched or are watching ` Seinfeld''?
How many years after America watched the final episode of Seinfeld are enjoying second careers in advertising?
What can expect to be on the first team for advertisers despite the appeal of the ``Seinfeld'' second-stringers?
Who did Larry Postaer miss all the shows was on?
Who is Wayne Knight?
Coming from an ensemble cast, who had an ability to react and a degree of spontaneity that was really refreshing?
Who is Phil Morris?
What is unusual after a show ends production?
What did Larry Thomas play the unwelcoming proprietor of?
Who did Clarke say ``try to encourage people to come in''?
Who was one benefit of using secondary characters described by?
What created a commercial with a courtroom theme featuring Morris in his persona as the slick lawyer Chiles for the Diet Dr Pepper soft drink brand?
Who was John Clarke?
Who said, ``Every so often a team gets assembled that has four or five Hall of Famers on Plano, Tex. , part of Cadbury Schweppes''?
What did Clarke say for instance?
What cannot all of them expect to be on the first team for advertisers despite?
Who wanted a different voice for the Cadillac brand?
What was Rubin Postaer & Associates in Santa Monica?
Who is the second bananas on that popular series?
What did we want?
What were the reruns syndicated by?
Who was chief advertising officer at Dr Pepper\/Seven Up in Plano part of Cadbury Schweppes?
What is breaking rules on the selling front?
What were syndicated by the Columbia Tristar Television Distribution unit of Sony Pictures Entertainment?
Who was Charles R. Miesmer?
What did Larry Postaer play a cop in?
What cannot all of the ``Seinfeld'' second-stringers expect to be on despite the appeal of the ``Seinfeld'' second-stringers?
Who does it almost always cost more to hire than their supporting cast?
What does it almost always cost more to hire them than?
Who did Larry Postaer play in the Cadillac commercial?
What goes to the actors who were the better known stars of a series?
Who was vice chairman and senior executive creative director at the M&M's agency?
Who was the Honda agency?
What did Larry Postaer miss he was on?
What was Santa Monica?
What almost always costs more to hire them than their supporting cast?
Who played George's mother?
What did Miesmer say, ``Every so often a team gets assembled on''?
Who laughed, ``not chase them out''?
What did Morris also don?
What &UR; EDITOR: For further information on ``The Adventures of Rocky and Bullwinkle''?
What does &LR; &ur; EDITOR: For?
Who was ego?
What does Chris Albrecht refer to his wife as ``Hitler'' in?
When did he return only to write?
Who plays himself?
What should Larry David have had ``I know''?
What was his uncanny vocal impersonation of George Steinbrenner?
What 'd he complain was too stressful?
Who wondered if he was the first bald star of a sitcom since Phil Silvers over lunch?
What goes unpunished in David's world?
When is no picnic either?
What hate the inevitable Lennon-McCartney analogy?
What constantly worried about keeping the major point of contention funny?
Who was ABC's short-lived ``Saturday Night Live'' clone?
What was ``Seinfeld'' for seven years alter ego?
Where did executives from Castle Rock tell its creators that they were?
What works the comedy club circuit in preparation for a supposed HBO stand-up?
What did Larry David wonder if he was the first bald star of a sitcom since Phil Silvers over?
Who called one of the most acclaimed and lucrative sitcoms of all time ``a comedy about things that are not funny''?
Who said David's world view could be summarized as I should have had the chicken?
What does it end with Larry chickening out of?
What was the whole thing?
Who to contemplate?
What does Larry David make up an incest event of?
Who tries to worm out of this?
Who was the co-creator and executive producer of ``Seinfeld'' for seven years?
Who are so offended by the Hitler remark that David is later called upon to offer an apology?
Who said on the set last week?
What has he wrought much of the comedy of the series is simply?
What does?
Where did executives from Castle Rock tell its creators?
What does ``Seinfeld'' for seven years work the comedy club circuit in?
What does he have?
What did the whole thing seem so real that a friend of the actress playing David's wife was offended to?
Who is David a rangy character with a quick smile unlike?
What is his obsessions?
Who reported by Forbes magazine to have hit a $242 million jackpot when ``Seinfeld'' was sold into syndication?
What is all dialogue improvised from that Larry David has written for each of the 10 episodes of the series?
What wanted to give him a billboard on Sunset Boulevard?
Whose desert island may be Los Angeles?
Who did the other mean 'd perform in front of five people?
When did the other mean a comic 'd boo a comic's comic?
Whose life is his obsessions?
Who did Chris Albrecht say ``at''?
What has to be funny on Larry David's feet?
What do Regret _ those are old friends of?
Who would you not know was loaded?
Who refers to his wife as ``Hitler'' in one episode of Curb the present's Enthusiasm?
Who was the only on-air exposure his millions of viewers ever got to David his uncanny vocal impersonation of?
Who said ``People are constantly screaming at me on the show''?
What did Jeff Garlin say by?''
What did Chris Albrecht say ``are constantly screaming at me on the show''?
What does he refer to his wife as ``Hitler'' in?
What do Larry not want?
What did Chris Albrecht allow that this is a slight exaggeration of?
What does the man who wrote and supervised the other writers of one of the most acclaimed and lucrative sitcoms of all time get?
What meant a comic 'd boo a comic's comic off the stage?
Who vetoed incest Seinfeld is not sure?
Who 'm not in a position where I can scream like that anymore?
What is that Jerry made Larry palatable to a mass audience?
What is Larry David remarkably relaxed in?
What have been dropped?
Who did the other mean a comic 'd boo off the stage?
What does the manager fail to mention in?
What are so offended they by the Hitler remark?
Who do I guess to?
Who do not want articles and pictures?
What was a put-on?
Who 've ever known Larry to have?
Who did Chris Albrecht teach never to think about the future because it was too painful for him to contemplate?
Whose world view did Albrecht say could be summarized as I should have had the chicken?
What does he still feel burned by?
What did he grow up in?
What does Larry David have?
Who would not know out here, you never can tell?
Whose wife and his manager happen to hate each other, various alleged HBO executives and cameos by minor celebrities?
Who was HBO's president of original programming?
What did he eat during a break in the incest group scene?
What had no more ideas?
What was one of those struggling stand-up days in New York when David and Seinfeld became friends on?
What do ``Seinfeld'' for seven years once ruin?
Who 'mes sorry, ``People come over''?
What once ruined a suede jacket worn for a scary meeting with a girlfriend's father?
What did Larry David grow up in?
Whose obsessions are his euphemistic catchphrases?
Who said, ``He's having as good a time as I 've ever known Larry to have''?
Who 'mes sorry, ``I go, ` I know''?
What was attended to by a personal assistant who looks like Liv Tyler, possibly better?
When was too painful for Chris Albrecht to contemplate?
What do he once ruin?
Who 'm sorry, ``People come over''?
Who would Larry David not know was loaded?
Who was living in New York?
Who did Chris Albrecht say ``People are constantly screaming at on the show''?
Who works the comedy club circuit in preparation for a supposed HBO stand-up?
Who tries to worm out of it?
What was I thinking about?
Who said LOS ANGELES _ To Jerry's credit?
When did he finally leave?
Who was a documentary filmmaker?
What do such sensitivities fall under on HBO?
Who could not come up with any?
Who 'd talk for hours about things like laundry?
Who does Chris Albrecht refer to as ``Hitler'' in one episode of Curb the present's Enthusiasm?
What did Albrecht say could be summarized as I should have had the chicken?
Where do Chris Albrecht 'm not anymore?
Who had in common?
What 'd those struggling stand-up days in New York when David and Seinfeld became friends meet at?
Who did the other remain?
Who was the production company?
What do few households not know?
What is the conventional wisdom on why the Seinfeld-David collaboration worked so well that Jerry made Larry palatable to?
Whose life do few households not know the intimate details of?
Who did not agree?
Who does Chris Albrecht refer to his wife as in one episode of Curb the present's Enthusiasm?
What is David more like a writer than a performer in?
Who do not actually hate each other?
Who is a rangy character with a quick smile unlike the dwarfish?
What are his obsessions?
What does Larry David try to?
When did David say on the set?
What did he allow?
Who did he say ``People are constantly screaming at on the show''?
Whose comic did the other remain?
What did Jeff Garlin say is defined by three things: ``Anxiety?''
Who is more like a writer than a performer in Larry's vampiric fear of the limelight?
What was Chris Albrecht living in?
What was a stint performing on Fridays?
Who does a camera crew purport to follow special in it?
Who would tell Larry David?
What did Larry David eat during a break in the incest group scene?
What 'd those struggling stand-up days in New York when David and Seinfeld became friends talk for hours about?
Who did Seinfeld, have named Kramer?
Who do Larry's wife and his manager happen to hate by minor celebrities?
Who 'm sorry, ``I go, ` I know''?
What has David created a hybrid of?
When would Chris Albrecht just get into these altercations?
What can Larry not stand reading?
Who was ``Seinfeld'' for seven years the model for Jason Alexander's portrayal of Jerry's alter?
Who do I guess things are not as vital to as they were then?
Who called it ``a comedy about things that are not funny''?
What is all dialogue improvised from that he has written for each of the 10 episodes of the series?
What did Seinfeld, have the wacky neighbor?
Who would Seinfeld tell?
What was too painful for him to contemplate?
Who got a glimpse of him?
Who still feels burned by the overhype that surrounded that show?
Where was I living?
What does mock-documentary gimmick still have?
What seemed so real that a friend of the actress playing David's wife was offended that she was not invited to their wedding?
Who was the only on-air exposure ``Seinfeld'' for seven years's millions of viewers ever got to David his uncanny vocal impersonation of?
Who does he refer to his wife as in one episode of Curb Your Enthusiasm?
What was it?
Who allowed that this is a slight exaggeration of his relatively civilized existence as a supersuccessful Los Angelino?
When 'd those struggling stand-up days in New York when David and Seinfeld became friends talk about things like laundry?
What's deadpan in a way that will certainly appeal to critics if not a mass audience expecting the second coming of ``Seinfeld?''
Who do his wife and his manager happen to hate each other, various alleged HBO executives and cameos by?
What is Regret?
Where does the manager fail to mention?
What did the other mean a comic's comic 'd perform in?
What did HBO subscribers get?
What did the other mean he 'd perform in?
What does he make up an incest event of?
Whose world view did Albrecht say could be summarized as Larry David should have had the chicken?
What do Larry's wife and manager not actually hate?
Who says, ``With all due respect to your ordeal''?
Who hate that kind of attention?
Who constantly worried about keeping it funny?
When was on ``Seinfeld'' for seven years's way to becoming one of the most successful comedians in the country?
Who said?
Who did he say ``at''?
Who has David never really been able to enjoy his windfall unlike?
Who was he the model for Jason Alexander's portrayal of Jerry's alter?
Who had no more ideas?
Who once ruined a suede jacket worn for a scary meeting with a girlfriend's father?
When had the show been on?
Who is hardly a household name?
What 'd they meet at?
Who goes to the meeting?
What has he wrought is simply his poker-faced reactions to the terrible situations?
What has to be funny on his feet?
What was the model for Jason Alexander's portrayal of Jerry's alter ego?
Whose comic did the other mean 'd perform in front of five people?
Where does the manager fail to mention that his parents are?
Who did he teach never to think about the future because it was too painful for him to contemplate?
What did David say on last week?
Who is David like in his vampiric fear of the limelight?
What was Larry David the co-creator and executive producer of?
What did Larry David say _ To Jerry's credit?
What did he say ``are constantly screaming at me on the show''?
What can see why such a plot twist _ or twisted plot _ might have raised red flags at their old network?
Who did the other mean 'd boo a comic's comic off the stage?
When did the other mean they 'd boo him?
What is remorse?
What do Regret _ are old friends of Chris Albrecht's comedy?
What were then?
What does he try to?
Who do Regret _ those are?
What 'd they talk for hours about?
What did Chris Albrecht say ``People are constantly screaming at me on''?
What did the whole thing seem so real to?
What purports to follow David special in it?
What could not have been higher?
What does a camera crew end with Larry chickening out of?
Who is David asked by to go with her to a support group for incest survivors?
Who was Robert Weide?
What do Regret _ are old friends of his comedy?
What was anxiety?
What did Albrecht say?
What is Larry David hardly?
What did Seinfeld say David would address as ``You people,'' which ``was a little distancing?''
Who 'd meet at coffee shops?
Who would not know he was loaded?
What has Larry David wrought much of the comedy of the series is simply?
What do Chris Albrecht 'm not in anymore?
What may be Los Angeles?
What is in a car-phone conversation with Chris Albrecht's manager?
What is curb the present's Enthusiasm in?
Who 'ves ever known Larry to have?
What was he alter ego?
Who 'd complain it was too stressful?
Whose credit did Larry David say LOS ANGELES _ To?
What does the manager fail to mention that his parents are in?
What was Seinfeld interviewed in?
Who grew up in the Sheepshead Bay section of Brooklyn?
Who said, ``I do not really remember that''?
Who 'mes not quite as anonymous as I was?
Who did not stop there?
What are his euphemistic catchphrases?
Who has wrought much of the comedy of the series is simply his poker-faced reactions to the terrible situations?
Whose world does no bad or good deed go unpunished in?
Who does not want articles and pictures?
What is he remarkably relaxed in?
Who refers to his wife as ``Hitler'' in one episode of Curb Your Enthusiasm?
What meant they 'd boo him off the stage?
What did ``Seinfeld'' for seven years veto incest is not sure?
What does he work the comedy club circuit in?
Who plays Larry's manager?
Whose first outing without Seinfeld was not auspicious?
Who is more like a writer than a performer in his vampiric fear of the limelight?
Who finally left in 1996?
What fall under the forgiving umbrella of creative license on HBO?
What is David?
What does he wince with?
What can we take it off? '
What did he wonder if he was the first bald star of a sitcom since Phil Silvers over?
What 'd talk for hours about things like laundry?
What can we take off the air? '
What does he go to?
Who were then?
When was the highlight of David's pre career writing?
Who does it end with chickening out of the special?
What does the man who wrote and supervised the other writers of one of the most acclaimed and lucrative sitcoms of all time get a lot of?
What do his wife and manager not actually hate?
Whose wife and manager do not actually hate each other?
What does it's deadpan in?''
Who do Jeff Garlin 've ever known to have?
Who does David play?
Who was Larry David?
Who was interviewed in the ``Curb'' special?
What do I hate?
What is the conventional wisdom on why the Seinfeld-David collaboration worked so well to?
What did executives from Castle Rock tell its creators that they were in?
Who said, ``Mostly what Forbes magazine does is make you apologize a lot''?
When was the highlight of David's pre career performing on Fridays?
Who should have had the chicken ``I know''?
Who was thinking about it?
What does it still have?
What do not know the intimate details of his life?
Who is David like in Larry's vampiric fear of the limelight?
What did ``Seinfeld'' for seven years have?
What 'd ``Seinfeld'' for seven years complain was too stressful?
What do I 'm not in anymore?
What could Larry David not come up with?
What did Jeff Garlin say David's point of view is defined by?''
What does Seinfeld collect?
What 'd meet at coffee shops?
When was STORY CAN?
Who has known David since the 1970s?
Where was Chris Albrecht living?
What had been on for a few years?
Who said, ``I have quite a house''?
Who is not quite Robert Weide, a documentary filmmaker whose specialty is comedians?
Who do Larry's wife and his manager happen to hate each other, various alleged HBO executives and cameos by?
When 'd talk for hours about things like laundry?
Who did he veto incest is not sure?
What did he have?
What did he say ``People are constantly screaming at me on''?
Who is not quite him?
What is improvised from a loose five-page outline that he has written for each of the 10 episodes of the series?
Who is irritable Costanza?
What is subtler and more nuanced?
When would I just get into these altercations?
Who can take it off the air? '
When has Albrecht known David?
What can I not stand reading?
Who makes up an incest event of his own?
Who 'mes not in a position where I can scream like that anymore?
Who said David would address the audience as ``You people,'' which ``was a little distancing?''
Who ate his lunch during a break in the incest group scene?
Who has Albrecht known since the 1970s?
Who is in his own car?
Who was Chris Albrecht?
What wanted to give Larry David a billboard on Sunset Boulevard?
What do I hate that kind of?
Who does Jeff Garlin play?
What did ``Seinfeld'' for seven years veto Seinfeld is not sure?
Who did the other mean 'd boo him off the stage?
Who has created a hybrid of extreme reality and extreme comedy?
Who did HBO subscribers get a glimpse of?
Who did executives from Castle Rock tell that they were in a position to make some serious money on the show?
What was the only on-air exposure ``Seinfeld'' for seven years's millions of viewers ever got to David?
When had in common?
What could I not come up with?
What did Chris Albrecht allow that this is?
What _ those are old friends of Chris Albrecht's comedy?
Who would you not know out here, never can tell?
Who told its creators that they were in a position to make some serious money on the show?
Who had the wacky neighbor named Kramer?
Who said, ``I do not want to do anything''?
What did the other mean 'd boo him off the stage?
What does Larry David go to?
Who would just get into these altercations all the time?
Who said David's point of view is defined by three things: ``Anxiety?''
What meant he 'd perform in front of five people?
What does mock-documentary gimmick's deadpan in?''
What is the manager in?
What do Larry hate that kind of?
What did Larry David say LOS ANGELES _ To?
What was not auspicious?
Who is determined to undersell himself?
What was during those struggling stand-up days in New York when David and Seinfeld became friends?
What are they by the Hitler remark that David is later called upon to offer an apology?
Who would Larry David not know out here, never can tell?
Who do his wife and his manager happen to hate by minor celebrities?
Who has a penchant for wide-wale cords and untucked shirts?
What is curb Your Enthusiasm in?
Who got a glimpse of ``Seinfeld'' for seven years?
Who did the other mean they 'd boo off the stage?
What did Seinfeld say David would address the audience as?''
Who loved?
What has David created?
Who would tell him?
What is his life?
Who guess?
Whose point of view did Jeff Garlin say by?''
What does Larry David make up?
What do Larry hate?
What 'd complain the major point of contention was too stressful?
Who is David unlike the dwarfish?
What do few households not know the intimate details of?
What gets a lot of license?
Whose comedy do Regret _ those are old friends of?
Whose vampiric fear of the limelight is David more like a writer than a performer in?
Whose feet does the show have to be funny on?
Who did Seinfeld say would address the audience as ``You people,'' which ``was a little distancing?''
What was Michael Richards in?
Where do I 'm not anymore?
Who 'm not quite as anonymous as I was?
What has Larry David wrought is simply his poker-faced reactions to the terrible situations?
What _ those are old friends of his comedy?
What did he allow that this is a slight exaggeration of?
Who fails to mention that his parents are in the back seat?
Who happen to hate each other, various alleged HBO executives and cameos by minor celebrities?
Who recalled?
What did HBO subscribers get a glimpse of?
When did Larry finally leave?
What still has the same verite feel?
What was I living in?
When 'd they talk about things like laundry?
What was Castle Rock?
When did Larry return only to write?
Who is in a car-phone conversation with his manager?
What said, ``I do not really remember that''?
What was on his way to becoming one of the most successful comedians in the country?
Who said, ``Jeff Garlin's having as good a time as I 've ever known Larry to have''?
When is the present either?
What would I just get into all the time?
Who can see why such a plot twist _ or twisted plot _ might have raised red flags at their old network?
What does a camera crew purport to follow David special in?
What do not know the intimate details of Larry David's life?
What was the only on-air exposure his millions of viewers ever got to David?
What remained a comic's comic?
Who winces with remorse?
Who do I 've ever known to have?
What did Seinfeld say as?''
What did an everyman report by Forbes magazine to have hit when ``Seinfeld'' was sold into syndication?
Who said, ``This show is about a guy trying to get through the day with a little dignity attached''?
What does the show have to be funny on?
What does that not make?
What is all dialogue improvised from a loose five-page outline for?
Who were the 1998 movie Larry wrote and directed?
When did Chris Albrecht teach himself never to think because it was too painful for him to contemplate?
When was it?
What was that David wanted to stop?
Whose comic did the other mean a comic 'd boo off the stage?
What are Larry David's obsessions?
Who was the Roosevelt Hotel attended to by?
Who was later to play the fictional version of David's old neighbor Kramer?
What does worm out argue?
What does not make survival any easier?
What do I not want?
What ends with Larry chickening out of the special?
What did Chris Albrecht allow?
What did an everyman report by to have hit a $242 million jackpot when ``Seinfeld'' was sold into syndication?
What does he work in preparation for a supposed HBO stand-up?
What does no bad or good deed go unpunished in?
What did he veto Seinfeld is not sure?
What would Chris Albrecht just get into all the time?
What was one of them on?
What was anger and despair?
What do I guess are not as vital to me as they were then?
What do they both hate?
What does ``Seinfeld'' for seven years work in preparation for a supposed HBO stand-up?
Who hates that kind of attention?
What leaves him less time to worry about his acting, or how he looks?
What do Regret _?
What meant a comic's comic 'd perform in front of five people?
Who is the dwarfish?
What was Chris Albrecht HBO's president of?
Who is asked by an old girlfriend to go with her to a support group for incest survivors?
What does he make up?
Whose world view did Albrecht say?
Who collects Porches like baseball cards?
What is all dialogue improvised from a loose five-page outline that Larry David has written for?
Who said, ``Mostly what it does is make you apologize a lot''?
What may David's desert island be?
Who is this miserable fictional Larry not quite?
What was the major point of contention?
Who does he refer to as ``Hitler'' in one episode of Curb Your Enthusiasm?
What are so offended by the Hitler remark that David is later called upon to offer an apology?
Who guesses things are not as vital to me as they were then?
What did the whole thing seem so real that a friend of the actress playing David's wife was offended that she was not invited to?
What was a stint writing?
Who was Michael Richards?
Who is remarkably relaxed in front of the camera?
What should I have had ``I know''?
Who was the model for Jason Alexander's portrayal of Jerry's alter ego?
Who guesses?
Who was in the ``Fridays'' cast?
What argues that abuse by a stepfather might not count?
Whose point of view did Jeff Garlin say is defined by three things: ``Anxiety?''
What were Sour Grapes?
Who taught himself never to think about the future because it was too painful for him to contemplate?
What are so offended they by that David is later called upon to offer an apology?
Who is the conventional wisdom on why the Seinfeld-David collaboration worked so well that Jerry made to a mass audience?
Who returned only to write the series finale in 1998?
Who will pay?
What was a dark thing or a light thing?
Who do not?
What do not?
When did he teach himself never to think because it was too painful for him to contemplate?
What did Larry David eat his lunch during?
What did Albrecht say could be summarized as Larry David should have had the chicken?
Who were the 1998 movie he wrote and directed?
When 'd meet at coffee shops?
What is Larry David's life?
What does Larry wince with?
What is improvised from a loose five-page outline that Larry David has written for each of the 10 episodes of the series?
Who is 52?
What did he eat his lunch during?
Who does a camera crew end with chickening out of the special?
What did he allow that this is?
What did executives from Castle Rock tell its creators in?
What does Larry still feel burned by?
Who has never really been able to enjoy his windfall unlike Seinfeld?
What vetoed incest Seinfeld is not sure?
Whose manager does Jeff Garlin play?
Who was Fridays?
What leaves Larry David less time to worry about his acting, or how he looks?
What is all dialogue improvised from a loose five-page outline that he has written for?
What do such sensitivities fall under the forgiving umbrella of creative license on?
Who said David's world view could be summarized as Larry David should have had the chicken?
Who cannot stand reading anything that I 've said?
What was George Costanza?
What did he and PASADENA, Calif. _ Actor Michael Richards's co-producers decide?
What does the Michael Richards Show's often not?
Who start screwing up?
What does it's not unprecedented for a show to be in July?
What remains untitled for Fox?
What did I not even think of?
What did he and PASADENA, Calif. _ Actor Michael Richards's co-producers decide the series should be?
What does the Michael Richards Show's not unprecedented for to be pilotless in July?
What do PASADENA, Calif. _ Actor Michael Richards not know?
Whose adult son and ex-wife still live at Ohio?
What do I think?
What begins just about now, so a show that's still trying to decide what it wants to be has only a few weeks to set a course?
What do Actor John Goodman's adult son and ex-wife still live at?
Who will Goodman play?
Who is also on board?
Who is Richards's private persona completely unlike?
Who confessed, ``I feel I 'm a little naive''?
What did I not do very well?
What did PASADENA, Calif. _ Actor Michael Richards not do very well?
When does the fall season push the premiere of Richards ' show at the earliest?
Who is leaving ``Saturday Night Live'' to join the cast?
Who decided the series should be an ensemble effort instead of a star-driven comedy?
Who are his co-producers?
Whose commitment to the World Series will Goodman's be even later _ Nov. 1 _ because of?
Who seemed almost apologetic when Actor John Goodman asked critics to be patient?
Who did not do the ` outwit ' part of a little very well?
Where do Actor John Goodman's adult son and ex-wife still live?
Who does Goodman's show remain untitled for?
Who think you 'll see something quite special this fall?
What did he and his co-producers decide should be an ensemble effort instead of a star-driven comedy?
Whose show does the fall season push the premiere of into October at the earliest?
What does a little's?
Who was referring to the three basic tenets of ``Survivor'': to outwit?
What did he and PASADENA, Calif. _ Actor Michael Richards's co-producers decide the series should be an ensemble effort instead of?
What did he and his co-producers decide it should be?
Who's not unprecedented for a show to be pilotless in July?
Who starts screwing up?
Who 're working hard here?
Who say in TV?
What are all former ``Seinfeld'' writers?
When is the fall season late because of the summer Olympics?
What does the fall season push the premiere of Richards ' show into October at?
Who is Richards's private persona completely unlike the manic Kramer played on ``Seinfeld''?
What do I not know?
What is William Devane also on?
What does the Michael Richards Show's not unprecedented for a show to be in July?
Where do his adult son and ex-wife still live?
What do critics say in?
What is completely unlike the manic Kramer Actor John Goodman played on ``Seinfeld''?
What is Richards still casting after he and his co-producers decided it should be an ensemble effort instead of a star-driven comedy?
What did he and PASADENA, Calif. _ Actor Michael Richards's co-producers decide should be an ensemble effort instead of a star-driven comedy?
Who still live at Ohio?
What's not unprecedented for a show to be pilotless in July?
Who will play William ``Butch'' Gamble Jr.?
Whose private persona is completely unlike the manic Kramer Actor John Goodman played on ``Seinfeld''?
What do PASADENA, Calif. _ Actor Michael Richards think?
Who will play private detective Vic Nardozza in ``The Michael Richards Show'' on NBC?
Who decided it should be an ensemble effort instead of a star-driven comedy?
What did he and his co-producers decide it should be an ensemble effort instead of?
Who does not know whether it's the younger generation or certain people in my tribe or whatever?
Who 'd I like to say just stick with?
What will Goodman's be even later _ Nov. 1 _ because of?
Who is still casting the series after he and his co-producers decided it should be an ensemble effort instead of a star-driven comedy?
Who 'd like to say just stick with us?
When is late this year because of the summer Olympics?
What has scrapped the first draft?
Who is Richards's private persona completely unlike Actor John Goodman played on ``Seinfeld''?
What will be even later _ Nov. 1 _ because of Fox's commitment to the World Series?
Who did not do the ` outwit ' part of it very well?
Who seemed almost apologetic when he asked critics to be patient?
What is Richards's private persona completely unlike the manic Kramer Actor John Goodman played on?
What does it's?
What did he and his co-producers decide?
Who was referring to the three basic tenets of ``Survivor'': to outlast the competition?
What has each scrapped?
Whose private persona is completely unlike the manic Kramer he played on ``Seinfeld''?
What does that's a concern of?
When pushes the premiere of Richards ' show into October at the earliest?
Who do I think 'll see something quite special this fall?
Who are PASADENA, Calif. _ Actor Michael Richards's co-producers?
Who's often not a good sign?
What say in TV?
Who is reed thin?
What is Richards's private persona completely unlike the manic Kramer he played on?
Whose co-producers are all former ``Seinfeld'' writers?
What do they say in?
Who is not?
What did I not do the ` outwit ' part of very well?
Who thinks you 'll see something quite special this fall?
What is Christopher?
What is Richards still casting the series after he and his co-producers decided?
Who 'd like to say just stick with critics?
Who will Richards play private detective Vic Nardozza in on NBC?
Who 'd PASADENA, Calif. _ Actor Michael Richards like to say just stick with?
What did she confess, ``I feel''?
Who is 63?
What does it's often not?
Who remains ever sarcastic?
What does the fall season push the premiere of into October at the earliest?
Who do PASADENA, Calif. _ Actor Michael Richards think 'll see something quite special this fall?
What was Christopher referring to?
What is completely unlike the manic Kramer he played on ``Seinfeld''?
What did PASADENA, Calif. _ Actor Michael Richards not do the ` outwit ' part of very well?
What does it's not unprecedented for to be pilotless in July?
Whose show remains untitled for Fox?
What's the younger generation or certain people in PASADENA, Calif. _ Actor Michael Richards's tribe or whatever?
What do his adult son and ex-wife still live at?
Who did not even think of it?
When does the Michael Richards Show's not unprecedented for a show to be pilotless?
Who is Richards's private persona completely unlike he played on ``Seinfeld''?
What's often not a good sign?
What is the fall season late this year because of?
When does it's not unprecedented for a show to be pilotless?
What is still casting about for the ex-wife, as well as for Butch's sister and her two children?
Who do not know whether a little's the younger generation or certain people in my tribe or whatever?
When will Goodman's be even later _ _ because of Fox's commitment to the World Series?
Who said, ``I 'm right now kind of a hired-gun guy''?
What's a concern of mine?
Who will Richards play in ``The Michael Richards Show'' on NBC?
What's the younger generation or certain people in my tribe or whatever?
What will Richards play private detective Vic Nardozza in ``The Michael Richards Show'' on?
What does that's?
What does the fall season push into October at the earliest?
Who has a driving style?
What did so?
Whose craft is especially physical comedy?
Who did not say ` Yeah, yeah, yeah we like the concept?
What did Co-creator Gregg kavet touched on the conundrum?
What PASADENA, CALIF. _ Is there?
What are certain characteristics that came up with Kramer?
Who did Richards play for nine seasons?
What does Michael Richards hope?
Who says NBC was ``wide open to a new invention'' that's not a mirror image of his most famous creation?
Who does Michael Richards say was ``wide open to a new invention'' that's not a mirror image of his most famous creation?
Who have a driving style?
Who is author of the legendary ``Soup Nazi'' episode?
Who insisted, ``There's no trouble here''?
What does he say NBC was ``wide open to a new invention'' that's not?
What they did not say ` Yeah, yeah, yeah we like?
Who said, ``most actors sat around for an afternoon together''?
What does he say NBC was ``wide open to'' that's not a mirror image of his most famous creation?
What does the team that assembled Michael Richards's new show consist of three former ``Seinfeld'' writers for?
What does his hope that the show will develop the kind of that became a hallmark of ``Seinfeld''?
What consists of three former ``Seinfeld'' writers for one thing?
Whose comic heroes are the likes of Ernie Kovacs, Peter Sellers, Charles Chaplin, and Jacques Tati?
Who said, ``Michael Richards 're dealing with Kramer ever on television''?
Who they did not say ` Yeah, yeah, yeah like the concept?
What has Richards already reached out to Seinfeld for on building a better sitcom for another?
What will capers circulate around that I 'll be playing?
What does his hope that the show will develop?
Who was it?
Who will be an executive producer as well as the star of the series?
What's all hinged on me?
What was Devane who showed a deadpan?
What does he say NBC was ``wide open to a new invention''?
What is his craft?
Who became a cult figure on one of the most successful sitcoms of all time?
Who does the team that assembled Michael Richards's new show consist of for one thing?
What did Michael Richards also tap Seinfeld's knowledge of?
Who hopes that the show will develop the kind of ensemble strength that became a hallmark of ``Seinfeld''?
What are ponderous?
Who feels that this is going to be an ensemble-driven show?
Who is Spike Feresten?
Who does he say was ``wide open to a new invention'' that's not a mirror image of his most famous creation?
What do Michael Richards have?
Who are his comic heroes the likes of?
Who are the professional comedians?
Who referred to himself several times as an ``artist,''?
What _ behind?
What did Richards refer to himself as an ``artist,''?
What did Kramer become a cult figure on?
What may some viewers have glumly concluded?
What does the biggest logistical challenge's?
Who was the deadpan?
Who will Michael Richards play?''
What did Kramer become on one of the most successful sitcoms of all time?
Who played Kramer who was perpetually careening through Jerry Seinfeld's apartment door when he was not concocting loony get-rich-quick schemes with Newman the mailman for nine seasons?
What are Michael Richards's comic heroes?
What did Co-creator Gregg kavet touched on the conundrum faced?
Who does it's all hinged on?
Who will he play?''
What did Michael Richards also tap?
What does he say to?
What does Michael Richards say NBC was ``wide open to a new invention''?
Who is known for a glowering intensity in film and TV dramas?
What is the 52-year-old Richards bringing his mobile features and his gift for slapstick to?
Who Kavet touched on the conundrum the ``Michael Richards'' team faced?
Who was probably one of the best-loved characters?
Who did Richards refer to himself several times as,''?
What is Michael Richards's craft?
What do I have?
Whose knowledge of the ``logistics'' of the former role did he also tap?
What are the disguises?
What did not say ` Yeah, yeah, yeah we like the concept?
What may be in getting viewers to accept Richards in a non-Kramer role?
Who is about to find out?
What did he also tap?
What does Michael Richards say NBC was ``wide open to a new invention'' that's not?
What is Devane known for?
Who will Richards be as well as the star of the series?
Who was Kramer probably one of?
What will circulate around the character that I 'll be playing?
Who said, ``we sat around for an afternoon together''?
Who feel that this is going to be an ensemble-driven show?
What does his hope?
Who are Richards and Meadow?
What did Co-creator Gregg kavet touched on the ``Michael Richards'' team faced?
What are his comic heroes?
Who 've tried to do?
What's something where everyone is expecting to see that?
Who does the team that assembled his new show consist of for one thing?
What hopes that the show will develop the kind of ensemble strength that became a hallmark of ``Seinfeld''?
What Is there life after ``Seinfeld''?
Who also tapped Seinfeld's knowledge of the ``logistics'' of the former role?
What will capers circulate around the character?
Whose knowledge of the ``logistics'' of the former role did Michael Richards also tap?
What does Michael Richards say NBC was ``wide open to'' that's not a mirror image of his most famous creation?
What do I feel?
What comes through when he discusses some of his comic heroes?
Who will play Vic Nardozza, a disguise-wearing private investigator who specializes in undercover work, and whom Richards describes as ``an American Inspector Clouseau?''
What will circulate around the character that Michael Richards 'll be playing?
What 're also reluctant to see the exact same thing again?
Whose love of his craft comes through when he discusses some of his comic heroes?
What will capers circulate around that Michael Richards 'll be playing?
What do Michael Richards feel?
What does Michael Richards hope that the show will develop?
What does it's?
Who said, ``You 're dealing with Kramer ever on television''?
What does he say NBC was ``wide open to a new invention'' that's not a mirror image of?
What did he also tap Seinfeld's knowledge of?
What does Michael Richards say to?
Who has already reached out to Seinfeld for advice on building a better sitcom for another?
Who said dryly, ``I 'm an older guy''?
What does the team that assembled his new show consist of three former ``Seinfeld'' writers for?
What is especially physical comedy?
Who was a glowering intensity in film and TV dramas?
Who may have glumly concluded that no, there is not?
Who was Seinfeldian?
What has Richards already reached out to Seinfeld for advice on building a better sitcom for?
Who did emphasize?
When did Richards play Kramer who was perpetually careening through Jerry Seinfeld's apartment door when he was not concocting loony get-rich-quick schemes with Newman the mailman?
What does Michael Richards say NBC was ``wide open to a new invention'' that's not a mirror image of?
What is deliberate?
What is Spike Feresten author of?
Who did Richards refer to several times as an ``artist,''?
Who are the likes of Ernie Kovacs, Peter Sellers, Charles Chaplin, and Jacques Tati?
Who are a far cry from Kramer's extraterrestrial outbursts?
Who said, ``I do not feel like it's all hinged on me''?
Who left prime time in 1998?
Whose speaking style is deliberate?
Who was a human pinball?
What will Richards be an executive producer as well as?
Who said, ``He flew in''?
When did Richards play Kramer who was perpetually careening through Jerry Seinfeld's apartment door when ``Seinfeld'' was not concocting loony get-rich-quick schemes with Newman the mailman?
What does Michael Richards hope that the show will develop the kind of that became a hallmark of ``Seinfeld''?
When did Jerry and the gang leave?
What was Kramer?
Who said, ``I do not feel like there's all hinged on me''?
Who are Michael Richards's comic heroes the likes of?
Who said dryly, ``They were looking for an older guy''?
Who 're also reluctant to see the exact same thing again?
