Who refused it entry?
What are two of the Breitling team's challengers joining for their own latest attempt?
Who is Virgin boss Richard Branson and Chicago millionaire Steve Fossett?
What has the team already received for this attempt Alan Noble told a news conference in Geneva?
Who was GENEVA _ Swiss balloon pilot Bertrand Piccard and his new teammate?
What said?
Who is the attempt?
Who did Piccard say he believed would work well together in the cramped conditions of the balloon's cabin?
What was abandoned after China refused entry entry?
What did Fossett break?
What has the team already received conditional permission from China for Alan Noble told a news conference in Geneva?
What did China cause the balloon's round-the-world bid to miss out on?
What did Piccard say in?
What did Piccard say he believed the two men would work well together in?
Who did Piccard say believed the two men would work well together in the cramped conditions of the balloon's cabin?
Who has the team already received conditional permission from China for this attempt told a news conference in Geneva?
Who traveled more than 24,461 kilometers before a storm damaged his balloon?
How many kilometers did Fossett travel before a storm damaged his balloon?
What caused the balloon's round-the-world bid to miss out on jet-stream winds needed to speed it over the Pacific?
When did GENEVA _ Swiss balloon pilot Bertrand Piccard and his new teammate say Thursday they will be ready for a new attempt to fly nonstop round the world?
Who are joining forces for their own latest attempt?
Who said Thursday they will be ready later this month for a new attempt to fly nonstop round the world?
What did Piccard say he believed in?
Who broke his own distance record?
Who are very different?
What are two of the Breitling team's challengers joining forces for?
What should take it across the Mediterranean Sea, Turkey, Iran, Afghanistan, China and Japan before crossing the Pacific and North America?
Who said he believed the two men would work well together in the cramped conditions of the balloon's cabin?
What should the balloon's route take it across before crossing the Pacific and North America?
What should the balloon's route take across the Mediterranean Sea, Turkey, Iran, Afghanistan, China and Japan before crossing the Pacific and North America?
Who is two of the Breitling team's challengers?
Who caused it to miss out on jet-stream winds needed to speed it over the Pacific?
What did GENEVA _ Swiss balloon pilot Bertrand Piccard and his new teammate say Thursday for?
What has the team already received conditional permission from China for this attempt Alan Noble told in Geneva?
What should take it across the Mediterranean Sea, Turkey, Iran, Afghanistan, China and Japan before returning to Europe?
What did Fossett send plunging into the sea off Australia?
What will it be?
Who was British flight engineer Tony Brown?
Where has the team already received conditional permission from China for this attempt?
What did Fossett travel more than 24,461 kilometers before?
What should the balloon's route take it across before returning to Europe?
Where has the team already received conditional permission from China for this attempt Alan Noble told a news conference?
What should the balloon's route take across the Mediterranean Sea, Turkey, Iran, Afghanistan, China and Japan before returning to Europe?
What did Fossett travel before a storm damaged his balloon?
What did GENEVA _ Swiss balloon pilot Bertrand Piccard and his new teammate say Thursday they will be ready later this month for?
What did China cause to miss out on jet-stream winds needed to speed it over the Pacific?
What has the team already received conditional permission from China for this attempt in?
Who sent it plunging into the sea off Australia?
What was abandoned after China refused it entry?
What will be Piccard's third attempt to become the first to pilot a balloon around the world?
What has already received conditional permission from China for this attempt Alan Noble told a news conference in Geneva?
What are favorable?
Who added?
What has the team already received conditional permission from China for this attempt Alan Noble told a news conference in?
What did China cause it to miss out on?
Whose third attempt to become the first to pilot a balloon around the world will it be?
What is flight director?
Who said?
How many men did Piccard say he believed would work well together in the cramped conditions of the balloon's cabin?
What refused the balloon's round-the-world bid entry?
What is Morocco?
What are four other teams also planning?
Whose new balloon has Albuquerque, N. M. Jones been responsible for the building of the gondola and flight systems for?
Who replaces fellow British flight engineer Tony Brown?
What is Marrakech?
Who does Jones replace?
What will be Piccard's third attempt to become the first to pilot a balloon around the world nonstop?
What is Jones?
What did mutual agreement add Brown stood down by after differences between the pilots emerged, ``particularly in the area of crew resource management''?
Who did mutual agreement add stood down by mutual agreement after differences between the pilots emerged, ``particularly in the area of crew resource management''?
Who has been responsible for the building of the gondola and flight systems for Piccard's new balloon?
What are Branson and Fossett to take off from?
When did a statement from Piccard's organization say Jones had been training as a backup pilot?
Who is Australia?
What has Albuquerque, N. M. Jones been responsible for the building of the gondola and flight systems for?
What does the team say is technically ready to fly?
What are also planning bids for the record?
Who did Switzerland _ Swiss balloon pilot Bertrand Piccard announce Wednesday as?
What said an offer by Brown to give technical expertise and advice during the balloon's flight has been accepted?
Who are to take off from Marrakech?
Who did it add stood down by mutual agreement after differences between the pilots emerged, ``particularly in the area of crew resource management''?
What has Albuquerque, N. M. Jones been responsible for for Piccard's new balloon?
What did it add Brown stood down by after differences between the pilots emerged, ``particularly in the area of crew resource management''?
Who did a statement from Piccard's organization say had been training as a backup pilot for more than a year?
What did the Breitling team say has been accepted?
Who is a resort in the Swiss Alps?
Who are the other takeoff points?
Who did Switzerland _ Swiss balloon pilot Bertrand Piccard announce Wednesday that he has chosen as his teammate for his next attempt at circling the world in a balloon?
Who did a statement from Piccard's organization say as?
What is Chateau d'Oex?
Who announced Wednesday that he has chosen Brian Jones as his teammate for his next attempt at circling the world in a balloon?
Who is 52?
What emerged, ``particularly in the area of crew resource management''?
What did differences between the pilots emerge, ``particularly in''?
Where did differences between the pilots emerge, ``particularly''?
What is Alice Springs?
What says it is technically ready to fly?
What are Alice Springs; Chicago?
What added Brown stood down by mutual agreement after differences between the pilots emerged, ``particularly in the area of crew resource management''?
What said Jones had been training as a backup pilot for more than a year?
Who did Switzerland _ Swiss balloon pilot Bertrand Piccard announce Wednesday that he has chosen Brian Jones as at circling the world in a balloon?
What does the team say?
What is to take off from Chateau d'Oex?
How many other teams are also planning bids for the record?
What did Beijing originally give British tycoon Branson permission to cross China below?
Who were allowed to continue flying as long as they left China as quickly as possible after diplomatic communications between Britain and China?
Who said the Swiss foreign ministry is in constant contact with China?
Where was another attempt at the balloon record stalled Monday by strong winds over the Re\/Max team's launch pad?
What were the balloonists allowed to continue flying as long as they left China as quickly as possible after?
Who was his new partner?
Whose last round-the-world bid was abandoned after China refused caught in poor weather conditions, the team's balloon entry?
What had Piccard and Jones previously said?
What did Beijing originally give British tycoon Branson permission to cross below 26 degrees north latitude?
What was another attempt at the balloon record stalled Monday by over the Re\/Max team's launch pad in Alice Springs?
What did China refuse?
What were the team?
When did the trio drift further north?
What was abandoned after China refused caught in poor weather conditions, the team's balloon entry?
Who refused his balloon entry?
What did ministry spokeswoman Monika Schmutz say is in constant contact with China?
Who was of Sweden?
What did ministry spokeswoman Monika Schmutz say is doing all it can to obtain clearance for pilot Bertrand Piccard and his new partner of Britain?
What refused caught in poor weather conditions, the team's balloon entry?
What would be Piccard's third attempt to become the first person to pilot a balloon around the world nonstop?
Who had Piccard and Jones previously said might take off as soon as Sunday?
Who had obtained conditional permission?
Whose last round-the-world bid was abandoned after China refused his balloon entry?
What was another attempt at the balloon record stalled Monday by strong winds over the Re\/Max team's launch pad in?
What did the Breitling Orbiter 3 team say last week?
Who was Chicago millionaire Fossett and Lindstrand?
Who caused it to miss out on jet-stream winds needed to speed it over the Pacific?
Who had previously said they might take off as soon as Sunday?
What did caught in poor weather conditions splash down off?
What was abandoned after China refused his balloon entry?
Who splashed down off Hawaii Friday?
When had Piccard and Jones previously said they might take off as soon as?
What was stalled Monday by strong winds over the Re\/Max team's launch pad in Alice Springs?
What were poor weather conditions?
Who was Brian Jones?
What had Piccard and Jones obtained?
What did China cause to miss out on jet-stream winds needed to speed it over the Pacific?
Who was Branson?
What was Chicago millionaire Fossett and Lindstrand of?
What drifted further north last Monday?
When was another attempt at the balloon record stalled by strong winds over the Re\/Max team's launch pad in Alice Springs?
What did ministry spokeswoman Monika Schmutz say the Swiss foreign ministry is in?
What had Piccard and Jones previously said might take off as soon as Sunday?
Who did Beijing originally give British tycoon permission to cross China below 26 degrees north latitude?
What originally gave British tycoon Branson permission to cross China below 26 degrees north latitude?
What did the Breitling Orbiter 3 team say last week it had to postpone?
Who said the Swiss foreign ministry is doing all it can to obtain clearance for pilot Bertrand Piccard and his new partner of Britain?
What did China cause it to miss out on?
Who was Australia?
Who did Beijing originally give Branson permission to cross China below 26 degrees north latitude?
What did Beijing originally give British tycoon below?
What was another attempt at the balloon record stalled Monday by strong winds over in Alice Springs?
What was Alice Springs?
Who did it particularly seed so many friendly faces smiling at after only having each other to stare at during the past 16 days?
What saw hundreds of passengers snapping pictures?
What did Bertrand Piccard of Switzerland and Briton Brian Jones climb out of to break off some of the icicles with an ice pick on Thursday?
Who could identify the airline?
Who was quoted as saying, ``It was an amazing sight for us''?
When did their Cable and Wireless balloon launch from Spain?
What has the two's Cable and Wireless balloon broken for time aloft?
What saw hundreds of passengers peering out of windows?
What has denied the winds of North Africa, the Indian subcontinent and south Asia permission to fly through Asia's air space?
What did an Anglo-Swiss team of balloonists pick up altitude and speed over after chipping off icicles that weighed down the craft and wasted fuel?
What were over the Taiwan Straits southeast of the China coast?
What did an Anglo-Swiss team of balloonists pick up over Africa's Sahara Desert after chipping off icicles that weighed down the craft and wasted fuel?
What picked up altitude and speed over Africa's Sahara Desert after chipping off icicles that weighed down the craft and wasted fuel?
What did british balloonists trying to circumnavigate the Earth see?
What did the team particularly seed smiling at british balloonists trying to circumnavigate the Earth after only having each other to stare at during the past 16 days?
When has the two's Cable and Wireless balloon broken balloon endurance records aloft?
Who looked out their observation dome?
Who climbed out of the hi-tech gondola of the Breitling Orbiter 3 balloon to break off some of the icicles with an ice pick on Thursday?
What has their Cable and Wireless balloon broken for time aloft?
Where did an Anglo-Swiss team of balloonists pick up altitude and speed after chipping off icicles that weighed down the craft and wasted fuel?
When did the two's Cable and Wireless balloon launch from Spain?
Who saw hundreds of passengers snapping pictures?
Who did british balloonists trying to circumnavigate the Earth see hundreds of?
What did they look out?
What had a surprise visit Friday when they crossed the path of a Boeing 747?
Who did they see hundreds of?
What did it particularly seed smiling at us after only having each other to stare at during the past 16 days?
What has broken balloon endurance records for time aloft?
What were the two over?
What looked out their observation dome?
When do the British pair hope to pick up with a second balloon team moving steadily along behind them?
What did their Cable and Wireless balloon launch from on Feb. 17?
Who saw hundreds of passengers peering out of windows?
What has denied them permission to fly through its air space?
What did british balloonists trying to circumnavigate the Earth look out?
What particularly seeded so many friendly faces smiling at us after only having each other to stare at during the past 16 days?
What launched from Spain on Feb. 17?
What could neither the pilots nor ground control identify?
Who did the team particularly seed so many friendly faces smiling at after only having each other to stare at during the past 16 days?
What did the two head for?
What did the two's Cable and Wireless balloon launch from on Feb. 17?
Who agreed?
What did they see?
When has their Cable and Wireless balloon broken balloon endurance records aloft?
Who have been painstakingly negotiating the winds of North Africa, the Indian subcontinent and south Asia to avoid being drawn into China?
When do the British pair hope to pick up with a second balloon team moving steadily along behind the two?
Who was quoted as saying, ``the team was an amazing sight for british balloonists trying to circumnavigate the Earth''?
What headed for northern Japan and a jet stream they hope will catapult them across the Pacific to British Columbia?
What particularly seeded so many friendly faces smiling at british balloonists trying to circumnavigate the Earth after only having each other to stare at during the past 16 days?
Who were setting a course for a six-day journey across the ocean?
Who delayed his departure from Switzerland this year until he got Beijing's approval?
When did British balloonists Colin Prescot and Andy Elson ditch in the Pacific after having to detour south because they lacked Chinese permission?
What did a spokesman say because of?
What did a spokesman say the two pilots saw little of because of clouds below them as they crossed inside the zone agreed by the Chinese government?
What said the balloon had been forbidden from flying north of the 26th parallel across China because the authorities ``could not guarantee our safety?''
If all goes well, what will the balloon reach next?
Who ditched in the Pacific last Sunday after having to detour south because they lacked Chinese permission?
How many miles have Piccard and Jones covered?
What did Piccard and Jones take off March 1 from?
What have Piccard and Jones covered?
What said?
Who crossed inside the zone agreed by the Chinese government?
Who said the two pilots saw little of China because of clouds below them as they crossed inside the zone agreed by the Chinese government?
What did a spokesman say the two pilots saw because of clouds below them as they crossed inside the zone agreed by the Chinese government?
What was the 14-hour crossing?
When did Piccard and Jones take off from the Swiss Alps?
Who got Beijing's approval?
What did the control center say had been forbidden from flying north of the 26th parallel across China because the authorities ``could not guarantee our safety?''
How many pilots did a spokesman say saw little of China because of clouds below them as they crossed inside the zone agreed by the Chinese government?
Who had passed over Taiwan?
Who have covered more than 10,500 miles?
When has the balloon's speed increased?
What were swiss pilot Bertrand Piccard and his British teammate Brian Jones setting a course for a six-day journey across?
What lacked Chinese permission?
What did he fail to receive?
When has been 47 mph?
When has its average speed since launch been?
What crossed inside the zone agreed by the Chinese government?
Who lacked Chinese permission?
What did they cross inside?
What had swiss pilot Bertrand Piccard and his British teammate Brian Jones passed over?
Who failed to receive permission to cross China?
Who took off March 1 from the Swiss Alps?
Where had swiss pilot Bertrand Piccard and his British teammate Brian Jones passed?
What did they lack?
What did a spokesman say the two pilots saw little of China because of as they crossed inside the zone agreed by the Chinese government?
If all goes well, what will reach California or western Mexico next?
When has increased in the past few days?
Who did a spokesman say saw little of China because of clouds below them as they crossed inside the zone agreed by the Chinese government?
What did British balloonists Colin Prescot and Andy Elson lack?
Who had to abandon an attempt last year because he failed to receive permission to cross China?
What did British balloonists Colin Prescot and Andy Elson ditch in last Sunday after having to detour south because they lacked Chinese permission?
What did the control center say north of the 26th parallel across?''
When was nearly five miles high and traveling at 95 mph?
What did little of China cross inside?
When was the balloon?
What did he get?
What was nearly five miles high and traveling at 95 mph?
What did their Geneva control center say floated over the Pacific Ocean Thursday after making it across China?
What was one of the major hurdles of the balloonists's trip?
What are they expected to fly over for six days instead of hitting North America farther north?
What are expected to fly over the ocean for six days instead of hugging the Asian coastline?
What were the adventurers Bertrand Piccard of of England?
What did the Chinese allow them to pass through?
Who did Bertrand Piccard of Switzerland and Brian Jones of England's control center say steered their balloon over the Pacific Ocean toward Hawaii and California or Mexico?
What did Bertrand Piccard of Switzerland and Brian Jones of England's control center say the adventurers steered their balloon over the Pacific Ocean toward?
What was one of the major hurdles of their trip?
What did Bertrand Piccard of Switzerland and Brian Jones of England fail to receive?
What are Bertrand Piccard of Switzerland and Brian Jones of England expected to fly over for six days instead of hugging the Asian coastline?
What allowed them to pass through a narrow strip?
Who were Bertrand Piccard of Switzerland and Brian Jones of England?
What was China?
What did the Chinese allow to pass through a narrow strip?
What did Colin Prescot and Andy Elson lack?
What did Colin Prescot and Andy Elson give up over after having to detour south because they lacked Chinese permission?
What reminded them three times during the 14-hour?
When did the control center say the balloonists were so concerned about the Pacific they did not take to celebrate crossing China?
What did the control center say about?
Who did the control center say the balloonists were so concerned about the Pacific did not take time to celebrate crossing China?
Who have covered about than 12,000 miles since taking off March 1 from the Swiss Alps?
What are expected to fly over the ocean for six days instead of hitting North America farther north?
Who are expected to fly over the ocean for six days instead of hugging the Asian coastline?
What did they lack?
What did the control center say the balloonists were so concerned about they did not take time to celebrate crossing China?
What did Bertrand Piccard of Switzerland and Brian Jones of England's control center say the adventurers steered their balloon over toward Hawaii and California or Mexico?
Who had to abandon an attempt last year because he failed to receive permission to cross China?
What are they expected to fly over for six days instead of hugging the Asian coastline?
What were Piccard and Jones flying at 55 mph at?
What did the control center say the balloonists were so concerned about the Pacific did not take time to celebrate crossing China?
What did their control center say the adventurers steered their balloon over toward Hawaii and California or Mexico?
What did he get?
What did their control center say the adventurers steered over the Pacific Ocean toward Hawaii and California or Mexico?
When are they expected to fly over the ocean?
Who delayed his departure from Switzerland this year until he got Beijing's approval?
Who were flying at 55 mph at an altitude of 26,200 feet?
What did Bertrand Piccard of Switzerland and Brian Jones of England's control center say the adventurers steered over the Pacific Ocean toward Hawaii and California or Mexico?
What passed south of Japan today?
Who got Beijing's approval?
What have they covered about?
What did GENEVA-- The Swiss-British team hoping to be the first to fly a balloon around the world nonstop try to avoid?
Who did their control center say steered their balloon over the Pacific Ocean toward Hawaii and California or Mexico?
What have covered about than 12,000 miles since taking off March 1 from the Swiss Alps?
Who did the Chinese allow to pass through a narrow strip?
What lacked Chinese permission?
What did he fail to receive?
What said the balloonists were so concerned about the Pacific they did not take time to celebrate crossing China?
What were the adventurers Bertrand Piccard of Switzerland and Brian Jones of?
What have Bertrand Piccard of Switzerland and Brian Jones of England covered about?
Who lacked Chinese permission?
What said the adventurers steered their balloon over the Pacific Ocean toward Hawaii and California or Mexico?
Who failed to receive permission to cross China?
What tried to avoid thunderstorms that ended the flight of a rival team this week?
Who did the control center say were so concerned about the Pacific they did not take time to celebrate crossing China?
What did their control center say the adventurers steered their balloon over the Pacific Ocean toward?
When are Bertrand Piccard of Switzerland and Brian Jones of England expected to fly over the ocean?
When were Piccard and Jones flying at an altitude of 26,200 feet?
What did the control center say the balloonists were so concerned about the Pacific?
What was China one of?
Who gave up over the Pacific last Sunday after having to detour south because they lacked Chinese permission?
What are Bertrand Piccard of Switzerland and Brian Jones of England expected to fly over for six days instead of hitting North America farther north?
Who were the adventurers?
Who are expected to fly over the ocean for six days instead of hitting North America farther north?
What did the control center say the balloonists were so concerned about the Pacific they did not take time to celebrate crossing?
When did the Chinese remind them three times?
What did Bertrand Piccard of Switzerland and Brian Jones of England get?
What did their control center report the balloonists cruised over Mexico at 53 mph at?
What did two British balloonists abandon because of bad weather on March 7?
What will the team try to pick up by Friday?
What did Brian Jones of England deadpanned in in Geneva, ``So, that little puddle is what they call the Pacific''?
What did Jones and Bertrand Piccard of Switzerland lift off from on March 1?
Where did their control center report the balloonists cruised at 53 mph at an altitude of 36,000 feet?
What were Jones and Bertrand Piccard of Switzerland over in Central America this morning?
Who did their control center report cruised over Mexico at 53 mph at an altitude of 36,000 feet?
What canceled its planned attempt in mid-January?
What did the control center say in a statement the first balloonists were heading into toward Jamaica, the Dominican Republic and Haiti?
Who did the control center say in a statement were heading into the Caribbean toward Jamaica, the Dominican Republic and Haiti?
What was bad weather?
What did the support crew in Geneva pop open as the balloon approached the Mexican coast?
Who gets there?
When were Chicago millionaire Steve Fossett forced to ditch their balloon off Hawaii after flying around more than half the globe?
What were Jones and Bertrand Piccard of Switzerland over Belize in this morning?
What did Brian Jones of England deadpanned in a message sent to the team's support crew in Geneva, ``So, that little puddle is''?
When is a Swiss-English balloon team expected to cross the ``finish'' line in Mauritania Saturday afternoon?
Who did the first balloonists's control center report cruised over Mexico at 53 mph at an altitude of 36,000 feet?
Where were Jones and Bertrand Piccard of Switzerland over Belize this morning?
What did the team manage to catch on the jetstream southeast of Hawaii?
What did the support crew in Geneva pop open a bottle of as the balloon approached the Mexican coast?
How many miles will a Swiss-English balloon team have traveled around the world?
What will have traveled more than 26,000 miles around the world?
When did Smith say Piccard and Jones set a record?
How many British balloonists abandoned their attempt because of bad weather on March 7?
What did Piccard and Jones break for longest distance flown in a balloon: 14,236 miles?
When did the first balloonists's control center report the balloonists cruised over Mexico at an altitude of 36,000 feet?
What was sluggish at first?
What did the balloon approach?
When did the center say helped conserve propane?
When did their control center report the balloonists cruised over Mexico at an altitude of 36,000 feet?
What did the team manage to catch a ride on?
What did the control center say in the first balloonists were heading into the Caribbean toward Jamaica, the Dominican Republic and Haiti?
What did Brian Jones of England deadpanned in in Geneva, ``So, that little puddle is what the first balloonists call the Pacific''?
What did the first balloonists's control center report the balloonists cruised over at 53 mph at an altitude of 36,000 feet?
What did a U. S. -Australian team cancel?
Who did Smith say set a record on Tuesday?
What did Piccard and Jones break the old mark for?
Who were over Belize in Central America this morning?
What will Piccard and Jones have conquered one of?
What managed to catch a ride on the jetstream southeast of Hawaii?
What did their control center report the balloonists cruised over at 53 mph at an altitude of 36,000 feet?
Who said Piccard and Jones set a record on Tuesday?
What said the speed helped conserve propane?
When did two British balloonists abandon their attempt because of bad weather?
Who said, ``the first balloonists 're pleased that the Pacific is now behind them''?
What will it have traveled more than 26,000 miles around?
What did Smith say Piccard and Jones set on Tuesday?
Who did flight controller Brian Smith say, ``We 're pleased behind''?
What said in a statement they were heading into the Caribbean toward Jamaica, the Dominican Republic and Haiti?
When is a Swiss-English balloon team expected to cross the ``finish'' line in Mauritania at the moment?
What did the center say the speed helped conserve?
What did the control center say in a statement they were heading into the Caribbean toward?
What will it have traveled around the world?
What did flight controller Brian Smith say, ``the first balloonists 're pleased behind''?
What are needed to keep the balloon afloat?
What head for North Africa?
What will a Swiss-English balloon team have traveled around the world?
Who said, ``We 're pleased that the Pacific is now behind them''?
Who lifted off from the Swiss Alps on March 1?
Who deadpanned in a message sent to the team's support crew in Geneva, ``So, that little puddle is what they call the Pacific''?
Who were forced to ditch their balloon off Hawaii on Dec. 25 after flying around more than half the globe?
Who abandoned their attempt because of bad weather on March 7?
Who was British tycoon Richard Branson and Per Lindstrand of Sweden?
What is the Anheuser-Busch company offering?
What was landing in the Pacific near Japan?
What did the center say?
Where did the first balloonists's control center report the balloonists cruised at 53 mph at an altitude of 36,000 feet?
When will the team try to pick up a stream over the eastern Caribbean?
What did the control center say in a statement the first balloonists were heading into the Caribbean toward?
What did two British balloonists abandon their attempt because of on March 7?
What did flight controller Brian Smith say, ``We 're pleased behind''?
What soared over Mexico early today after completing a six-day journey across the Pacific Ocean in an attempt to become the first balloonists to travel nonstop around the world?
Where were Jones and Bertrand Piccard of Switzerland in Central America this morning?
What did the control center say in they were heading into the Caribbean toward Jamaica, the Dominican Republic and Haiti?
What were Chicago millionaire Steve Fossett forced to ditch off Hawaii on Dec. 25 after flying around more than half the globe?
What said in a statement the first balloonists were heading into the Caribbean toward Jamaica, the Dominican Republic and Haiti?
What will Piccard and Jones have conquered?
What did the control center say in a statement were heading into the Caribbean toward Jamaica, the Dominican Republic and Haiti?
What will try to pick up a stream over the eastern Caribbean by Friday?
What did the control center say in a statement they were heading into toward Jamaica, the Dominican Republic and Haiti?
Who will have conquered one of the last great challenges facing aviators?
Whose control center reported the balloonists cruised over Mexico at 53 mph at an altitude of 36,000 feet?
What did the first balloonists's control center report the balloonists cruised over Mexico at 53 mph at?
Who was Chicago millionaire Steve Fossett?
What approached the Mexican coast?
How many miles will it have traveled around the world?
What is expected to cross the ``finish'' line in Mauritania Saturday afternoon at the moment?
What do the team head for?
When is it expected to cross the ``finish'' line in Mauritania Saturday afternoon?
When did Smith say?
When were Jones and Bertrand Piccard of Switzerland over Belize in Central America?
When did Jones and Bertrand Piccard of Switzerland lift off from the Swiss Alps?
Who broke the old mark for longest distance flown in a balloon: 14,236 miles?
What will a Swiss-English balloon team have traveled more than 26,000 miles around?
What popped open a bottle of champagne as the balloon approached the Mexican coast?
What were Chicago millionaire Steve Fossett forced to ditch their balloon off on Dec. 25 after flying around more than half the globe?
What were Chicago millionaire Steve Fossett forced to their balloon off Hawaii on Dec. 25 after flying around more than half the globe?
What reported the balloonists cruised over Mexico at 53 mph at an altitude of 36,000 feet?
When is it expected to cross the ``finish'' line in Mauritania at the moment?
Who did flight controller Brian Smith say, ``the first balloonists 're pleased behind''?
What was Bob Lauby director of the National Transportation Safety Board's office of?
What was the eastern Caribbean?
What are the pilots Brian Jones of?
Who does Train Probe hinge on?
Who promises to leave Social Security surpluses alone while reducing taxes?
What Warriors Spurs 82-78 OAKLAND?
What did Secure WASHINGTON-- Energy Secretary Bill Richardson order?
Who said Tire marks were found on the road at the crossing and in the mud along the shoulder of the road?
What did investors take profits following?
When did the bureau say in a report being released Thursday Life expectancy in Zimbabwe is now were it not for the AIDS epidemic?
What have Jones and Piccard traveled?
If they make it, what will the pair have conquered one of?
What does the U. S. Census Bureau report has cut the average life expectancy in Zimbabwe by a quarter-century?
Who hope to reach the North African coast at Mauritania, perhaps by Saturday evening?
Who was director of the National Transportation Safety Board's office of railroad safety?
What is Spurs 82-78 OAKLAND?
What did the House Budget Committee approve by Chairman John Kasich by a 22-18 party-line vote?
What did Steve Kerr add 14 to help compensate for cold shooting by San Antonio starters David Robinson and Sean Elliott Malik Rose had 17 points off?
What imposed new security measures for national weapons laboratories Wednesday?
Who are Brian Jones of England and Bertrand Piccard of Switzerland?
Who did the House Budget Committee approve a spending plan by by a 22-18 party-line vote?
Who does that enable to remain virtually unchanged over billions of years?
What did the Dow end down 51. 06 at 9,879. 41 in?
What was about 300 miles from Jamaica late Wednesday night?
What did the Nikkei fall to finish the day at 15,717. 92?
When did the Nikkei fall 550. 19 points, or 3. 38 percent, to finish at 15,717. 92?
Where did the Dow end down 51. 06 at 9,879. 41?
What approved a spending plan by Chairman John Kasich by a 22-18 party-line vote?
What are-- Investigators analyzing tire tracks in the mud to determine around?
What does Chairman John Kasich promise to leave alone while reducing taxes?
What did Bob Lauby say Tire marks were found on at the crossing and in the mud along the shoulder of the road?
What have other African nations also experienced significant reductions in life expectancy because of?
What did-- Tim Duncan have as the San Antonio Spurs won their ninth straight game with an 82-78 victory over the Golden State Warriors on Wednesday night?
Who took profits following a recent dramatic rally?
What did the San Antonio Spurs win their ninth straight game with on Wednesday night?
What enables them to remain virtually unchanged over billions of years?
What cut across the solar system in 1997?
What said in a report being released Thursday Life expectancy in Zimbabwe is now 39 years, down from 65 were it not for the AIDS epidemic?
What was World Population Profile: 1998?
What are often called dirty snowballs?
When did the San Antonio Spurs win 550. 19 points's ninth straight game with an 82-78 victory over the Golden State Warriors night?
What are comets often called?
If Brian Jones of England and Bertrand Piccard of Switzerland make a Swiss-English balloon team, what will the pair have conquered?
What plunged Thursday as investors took profits following a recent dramatic rally?
What found vents spewing a volatile mixture of gas and dust into space?
What did the bureau say in a report being released Thursday Life expectancy in Zimbabwe is now 39 years, down from 65 were it not for?
What most orbit far from the sun in the deep freeze beyond?
Who said, ``AIDS results in higher mortality rates in childhood, as well as among young adults where mortality otherwise is low''?
What have other African nations also experienced because of AIDS?
What was the control center?
What is Tire Marks BOURBONNAIS?
Who had tried to beat the train?
Who fell 550. 19 points, or 3. 38 percent, to finish the day at 15,717. 92?
What did the bureau say in a report being released Thursday Life expectancy in Zimbabwe is now 39 years, down from 65 were not for the AIDS epidemic?
When did Japan Stocks Close Sharply Lower TOKYO-- Japanese stocks plunge as investors took profits following a recent dramatic rally?
Who have traveled more than 20,500 miles since lifting off from the Swiss Alps on March 1?
When does the U. S. Census Bureau report African Life Expectancy Cut by AIDS WASHINGTON-- AIDS has cut the average life expectancy in Zimbabwe?
Who ended down 51. 06 at 9,879. 41 in New York on Wednesday?
Who are the pilots?
How many points, or 3. 38 percent, did the Nikkei fall to finish the day at 15,717. 92?
What did the bureau say in Life expectancy in Zimbabwe is now 39 years, down from 65 were it not for the AIDS epidemic?
What did the San Antonio Spurs win 550. 19 points's ninth straight game with on Wednesday night?
If they make it, what will the pair have conquered?
What was on timbers?
What did Steve Kerr add 14 to help compensate for David Robinson and Sean Elliott Malik Rose had 17 points off the bench for the Spurs and reserve guard?
What had the truck driver at the center of a deadly Amtrak crash tried to go around?
Where do the pilots hope to reach the North African coast by Saturday evening?
What is Calif.?
What did the Dow end down 51. 06 at in New York on Wednesday?
If Brian Jones of England and Bertrand Piccard of Switzerland make a Swiss-English balloon team, what will the pair have conquered one of?
What did the comet's nucleus cut across in 1997?
When did the comet's nucleus cut across the solar system?
When did the San Antonio Spurs win their ninth straight game with an 82-78 victory over the Golden State Warriors night?
What did the Nikkei fall 550. 19 points, or 3. 38 percent, to finish the day at?
Who promises to leave Social Security surpluses alone while increasing defense, education and several other programs?
What moved toward approving a similar plan?
What said?
Who outlined the new measures in a closed-door hearing of the Senate Intelligence Committee?
What did Bob Lauby say Tire marks were found on the road at crossing and in the mud along the shoulder of the road?
What won 550. 19 points's ninth straight game with an 82-78 victory over the Golden State Warriors on Wednesday night?
When does the U. S. Census Bureau report African Life Expectancy Cut by AIDS WASHINGTON-- AIDS has cut in Zimbabwe by a quarter-century?
What does Chairman John Kasich promise to leave alone while increasing defense, education and several other programs?
What did it cut across in 1997?
If they make it, what will have conquered one of the last great challenges facing aviators?
What had the truck driver at the center of a deadly Amtrak crash tried to beat?
When did it cut across the solar system?
What won their ninth straight game with an 82-78 victory over the Golden State Warriors on Wednesday night?
What Hinges on Tire Marks BOURBONNAIS?
What did the bureau say in a report being released Thursday Life expectancy in Zimbabwe is now not for?
If Brian Jones of England and Bertrand Piccard of Switzerland make a Swiss-English balloon team, what will have conquered one of the last great challenges facing aviators?
What was Chairman John Kasich?
What ordered an internal investigation into whether a department official was prevented from briefing Congress on alleged Chinese espionage?
Who did Bob Lauby say were found on the road at the crossing and in the mud along the shoulder of the road?
What does that enable to remain virtually unchanged over billions of years?
How many miles since lifting off from the Swiss Alps on March 1 have Jones and Piccard traveled?
Who had tried to go around the crossing gates?
What was Bob Lauby?
When do the pilots hope to reach the North African coast at Mauritania, perhaps evening?
What was the road on?
What do the pilots hope to reach the North African coast at by Saturday evening?
What killed 11 people Monday night in the nation's deadliest train wreck in three years?
Whose orbit most orbit far from the sun in the deep freeze beyond?
What did investors take following a recent dramatic rally?
What orbit far from the sun in the deep freeze beyond Pluto's orbit?
What reports African Life Expectancy Cut by AIDS WASHINGTON-- AIDS has cut the average life expectancy in Zimbabwe by a quarter-century?
What does the U. S. Census Bureau report African Life Expectancy Cut by AIDS WASHINGTON-- AIDS has cut the average life expectancy in by a quarter-century?
What does that enable them to remain virtually unchanged over?
Who is Ill.?
Who was R-Ohio?
What does spurs Beat warriors?
What did the crash between the tractor-trailer and Amtrak's City of New Orleans kill 11 people Monday night in?
What was Balloon Team Flies Over Caribbean GENEVA-- A Swiss-English balloon team about 300 miles from night?
What did the House Budget Committee approve a spending plan by Chairman John Kasich by?
When did the bureau say in a report being released Thursday is now 39 years, down from 65 were it not for the AIDS epidemic?
Where does the U. S. Census Bureau report African Life Expectancy Cut by AIDS WASHINGTON-- AIDS has cut the average life expectancy by a quarter-century?
What also have experienced significant reductions in life expectancy because of AIDS?
What did Richardson outline?
What was the Census Bureau's new report?
What is the area of greatest flooding potential along?
What was Bob Lauby director of the National Transportation Safety Board's office of?
What did House Committee Approves Budget WASHINGTON-- Republicans push a $1. 74 trillion budget for fiscal 2000 through Wednesday?
What does Dr. John Neeld say more surgery is moving to to save patients who get into trouble?
What have Jones and Piccard traveled?
What does Anesthesia Deaths Raise Concern WASHINGTON have experts questioning the safety of in private doctors ' offices?
Who hope to reach the North African coast at Mauritania, perhaps by Saturday evening?
Who is president of the American Society of Anesthesiology?
What did time expire to end?
What did Miami survive a 3-point barrage by the Atlanta Hawks, holding on for Wednesday night that stretched the Heat's winning streak to six?
What did the House Budget Committee approve by Chairman John Kasich by a 22-18 party-line vote?
Who are Brian Jones of England and Bertrand Piccard of Switzerland?
Who did the House Budget Committee approve a spending plan by by a 22-18 party-line vote?
What was the Hawks ' four-game winning streak?
What did the control center say was about 300 miles from Jamaica late Wednesday night?
What did the Dow end down 51. 06 at 9,879. 41 in?
What counts how many deaths or injuries result from office-administered anesthesia?
Where did the Dow end down 51. 06 at 9,879. 41?
What approved a spending plan by Chairman John Kasich by a 22-18 party-line vote?
What said Balloon Team Nears Jamaica GENEVA-- A Swiss-English balloon team hoped to catch the next jet stream over the eastern Caribbean?
What does Chairman John Kasich promise to leave alone while reducing taxes?
Who snapped up banking and securities shares?
What did the Nikkei rise 12. 23 points to by midday?
What did Miami lead?
What did the control center say hoped to catch the next jet stream over the eastern Caribbean?
What did Miami survive a 3-point barrage by the Atlanta Hawks, holding on for an 86-85 victory Wednesday night to?
Who does Anesthesia Deaths Raise Concern WASHINGTON have questioning the safety of sedation in private doctors ' offices?
What were a hair's breadth from prevailing in a Senate panel after GOP lawmakers crushed Democratic attempts to block tax cuts?
Whose Lake floods kill 100-140 Americans?
Who had tried to beat the train?
Who-- was reprimanded Wednesday?
What is Devil's Lake?
Who have traveled more than 20,500 miles since lifting off from the Swiss Alps on March 1?
Whose winning streak did Miami survive a 3-point barrage by the Atlanta Hawks, holding on for an 86-85 victory Wednesday night that stretched to six?
Who are the pilots?
What had the truck driver at the center of a deadly Amtrak crash tried to go around?
What pointed to North Dakota and the Pacific Northwest as potential danger spots?
If Brian Jones of England and Bertrand Piccard of Switzerland make the control center, what will the pair have conquered one of?
What did Mookie Blaylock have?
What does Anesthesia Deaths Raise Concern WASHINGTON have experts questioning the safety of sedation in?
Who says more surgery is moving to such offices to save patients who get into trouble?
What did investors snap up?
Who promises to leave Social Security surpluses alone while increasing defense, education and several other programs?
What moved toward approving a similar plan?
What did prosecutors drop nine other charges against Maj. Gen. David Hale in?
What did Bob Lauby say Tire marks were found on the road at crossing and in the mud along the shoulder of the road?
What does Dr. John Neeld say is moving to such offices to save patients who get into trouble?
Whose Lake is N. D. Each year?
What is Dr. John Neeld president of the American Society of?
What said Balloon Team Nears Jamaica GENEVA-- A Swiss-English balloon team was about 300 miles from Jamaica late Wednesday night?
How many points did Heat Beat Hawks 86-85 ATLANTA-- Tim Hardaway score?
Who-- was fined $10,000?
Who does Devil's Lake flood kill?
What is N. D. Each year?
What had the truck driver at the center of a deadly Amtrak crash tried to beat?
Who did P. J. Brown hit with 4:11 remaining?
What is along the Red River in North Dakota?
Who had a chance to win it for Atlanta?
When was-- A retired Army general who pleaded guilty to conduct unbecoming for having affairs with four subordinates ' wives reprimanded?
Who dropped nine other charges against Maj. Gen. David Hale in exchange for the plea?
What scored 24 points?
How many miles since lifting off from the Swiss Alps on March 1 have Jones and Piccard traveled?
How many points did the Nikkei rise to 16,280. 34 by midday?
Who had tried to go around the crossing gates?
What did Miami hold after P. J. Brown hit a 12-foot jumper with 4:11 remaining?
When do the pilots hope to reach the North African coast at Mauritania, perhaps evening?
What was Bob Lauby?
What was the road on?
Whose Lake floods cause an average of $4. 5 billion in damage?
What do the pilots hope to reach the North African coast at by Saturday evening?
What killed 11 people Monday night in the nation's deadliest train wreck in three years?
What does nobody count from?
Who rose 12. 23 points to 16,280. 34 by midday?
Whose winning streak did Miami survive a 3-point barrage by the Atlanta Hawks, holding on for an 86-85 victory Wednesday night to?
Who held an 82-72 advantage after P. J. Brown hit a 12-foot jumper with 4:11 remaining?
If Brian Jones of England and Bertrand Piccard of Switzerland make the control center, what will the pair have conquered?
What was-- A retired Army general who pleaded guilty to conduct unbecoming for having affairs with four subordinates ' wives fined?
What did Miami survive a 3-point barrage by the Atlanta Hawks, holding on for an 86-85 victory Wednesday night that stretched the Heat's winning streak to?
Who ended down 51. 06 at 9,879. 41 in New York?
What pushed a $1. 74 trillion budget for fiscal 2000 through a House committee Wednesday?
What are the pilots Brian Jones of?
What did the Nikkei rise to 16,280. 34 by midday?
What did Spring Floods Are Forecast WASHINGTON-- The Weather Service's annual spring flood forecast Wednesday point to as potential danger spots?
Who promises to leave Social Security surpluses alone while reducing taxes?
Where did Spring Floods Are Forecast WASHINGTON-- The Weather Service's annual spring flood forecast Wednesday point as potential danger spots?
Whose four-game winning streak was their longest of the season?
Who said Tire marks were found on the road at the crossing and in the mud along the shoulder of the road?
Who hit a 12-foot jumper with 4:11 remaining?
When was the Hawks ' four-game winning streak their longest?
If they make it, what will the pair have conquered one of?
Who was director of the National Transportation Safety Board's office of railroad safety?
What did Miami survive by the Atlanta Hawks, holding on for an 86-85 victory Wednesday night that stretched the Heat's winning streak to six?
Who led nearly the entire game?
If he had been convicted on the original charges, when could Hale have faced?
What did P. J. Brown hit a 12-foot jumper with remaining?
What was Maj. Gen. David Hale?
What are-- Investigators analyzing tire tracks in the mud to determine around?
How many other charges against Maj. Gen. David Hale did prosecutors drop in exchange for the plea?
What did Bob Lauby say Tire marks were found on at the crossing and in the mud along the shoulder of the road?
What is Dr. John Neeld president of of Anesthesiology?
What were House Committee Approves Budget WASHINGTON-- Republicans from prevailing in a Senate panel after GOP lawmakers crushed Democratic attempts to block tax cuts?
Who had a chance to win Heat Beat Hawks 86-85 ATLANTA-- Tim Hardaway for Atlanta?
What does Devil's Lake flood cause?
Whose four-game winning streak did time expire to end?
Who Is Fined FORT LEWIS?
What has experts questioning the safety of sedation in private doctors ' offices?
If he had been convicted on the original charges, who could have faced 56 years in prison?
When did the Nikkei rise 12. 23 points to 16,280. 34?
What did the control center say Balloon Team Nears Jamaica GENEVA-- A Swiss-English balloon team was about 300 miles from night?
If they make it, what will the pair have conquered?
What was on timbers?
If he had been convicted on the original charges, how many years in prison could Hale have faced?
What do Weapons Labs get?
Where do the pilots hope to reach the North African coast by Saturday evening?
What does Anesthesia Deaths Raise Concern WASHINGTON have experts questioning in private doctors ' offices?
Who survived a 3-point barrage by the Atlanta Hawks, holding on for an 86-85 victory Wednesday night that stretched the Heat's winning streak to six?
When expired to end the Hawks ' four-game winning streak?
What floods kill 100-140 Americans?
What is Fined FORT LEWIS?
Who outlined the new measures in a closed-door hearing of the Senate Intelligence Committee?
Who is Dr. John Neeld?
What did the Dow end down 51. 06 at in New York?
When did Miami survive a 3-point barrage by the Atlanta Hawks, holding on for an 86-85 victory that stretched the Heat's winning streak to six?
What does Chairman John Kasich promise to leave alone while increasing defense, education and several other programs?
If they make it, what will have conquered one of the last great challenges facing aviators?
What was their longest of the season?
What was Chairman John Kasich?
What Retired Maj. Gen. Is?
Who did Bob Lauby say were found on the road at the crossing and in the mud along the shoulder of the road?
What did prosecutors drop in exchange for the plea?
What does Devil's Lake flood cause an average of in damage?
What did Spring Floods Are Forecast WASHINGTON-- The Weather Service's annual spring flood forecast Wednesday point to North Dakota and the Pacific Northwest as?
What planned to complete its work tomorrow?
What did Heat Beat Hawks 86-85 ATLANTA-- Tim Hardaway score?
Whose offices does Anesthesia Deaths Raise Concern WASHINGTON have experts questioning the safety of sedation in?
Who was R-Ohio?
What did the crash between the tractor-trailer and Amtrak's City of New Orleans kill 11 people Monday night in?
What did the House Budget Committee approve a spending plan by Chairman John Kasich by?
Who floods cause an average of $4. 5 billion in damage?
What did Miami survive a 3-point barrage by, holding on for an 86-85 victory Wednesday night that stretched the Heat's winning streak to six?
What did Miami survive a 3-point barrage by the Atlanta Hawks, holding on for an 86-85 victory Wednesday night that stretched to six?
What did the control center say Balloon Team Nears Jamaica GENEVA-- A Swiss-English balloon team hoped to catch?
If Brian Jones of England and Bertrand Piccard of Switzerland make the control center, what will have conquered one of the last great challenges facing aviators?
Who is Wash.?
Who was 53?
What did Richardson outline?
What did she say the team was over?
Who now hope to land further west?
When did the team race across the Pacific?
What were 13,751 miles?
What raced across the Pacific in six days?
What did she say for?
When did Jones ' wife work at the control center?
What was Puerto Rico?
Who was Brian Smith?
Who said the pilots were confident they would make fuel consumption to North Africa and complete the trip despite concerns about communications and fuel consumption?
When was one of the most difficult?
What did Joanna say preparing for crossing?
What did she say was over the Domincan Republic?
What did she say over?
Who slowed after being started to drift?
What have the two beat in $500,000's first attempt at circumnavigating the world?
When did the three ditch their balloon off Hawaii after flying 13,751 miles around the globe?
What were the pilots shivering in despite thermal underwear?
If the two make today, what will the pair have conquered?
What was the temperature 46 degrees at?
What could we only find across the Atlantic?
Who was Joanna?
What did two adventurers soar over on the back of strengthening winds in a final push to become the first balloonists to circle the globe nonstop?
Who could only find a fast jet stream and whiz across the Atlantic?
Who travels more than 21,625 miles after leaving the Swiss Alps on March 1?
Who have flown further than any balloonist before?
What scooted over Mexico on Wednesday?
What did the three ditch their balloon off in December after flying 13,751 miles around the globe?
If the two make today, what will the pair have conquered one of?
Who said early today, the chances of Jones and Piccard flying all the way to Egypt's pyramids appeared ``quite improbable''?
Who were shivering in the balloon's cabin despite thermal underwear?
What did the team race across in six days?
What did Smith say the pilots were confident they would make fuel consumption to North Africa and complete the trip despite?
What did the three ditch off Hawaii in December after flying 13,751 miles around the globe?
What did Smith say the pilots were confident they would make it to North Africa and complete the trip despite?
What's the last leg?
What was SAN JUAN?
Who did Smith say were confident they would make it to North Africa and complete the trip despite concerns about communications and fuel consumption?
What did Jones ' wife work a 14-hour day at?
What did Joanna say for?
What did Joanna say was over the Domincan Republic?
What did the team scoot over on Wednesday?
Who was a flight controller?
How many miles were more than halfway?
Who did Brian Smith add in?''
What did she say preparing for crossing?
Who did Smith say were confident they would make fuel consumption to North Africa and complete the trip despite concerns about communications and fuel consumption?
Who said Wednesday, ``It's been a tiring day''?
Who said the team was over the Domincan Republic?
Where did two adventurers soar on the back of strengthening winds in a final push to become the first balloonists to circle the globe nonstop?
Whose wife was Joanna?
Who did he add in?''
What was traveling at 83 mph?
What was 46 degrees at the balloon's cabin?
What ditched their balloon off Hawaii in December after flying 13,751 miles around the globe?
What did she say, ``I think''?
What slowed after being ejected from the jet stream?
What is offering $500,000 to the first balloonists to make it around the world, and an equal amount to the charity of the winners ' choice?
What have the two beat the record set last year by American millionaire Steve Fossett, British tycoon Richard Branson and Per Lindstrand of Sweden in?
Who said, ``I think their spirits will soar when they start a crossing because it's the last leg''?
What does it's?
What was the tiring day?
Who was Jones ' wife?
Where did Smith say despite concerns about communications and fuel consumption?
What slowed after being started to drift?
What were more than halfway?
Who said the pilots were confident they would make it to North Africa and complete the trip despite concerns about communications and fuel consumption?
What was the tiring day one of?
What did Joanna say the team was over?
Who said Wednesday, ``the team's been a tiring day''?
What did two adventurers soar over the Dominican Republic on?
What did Joanna say over?
When was that traveling?
Who soared over the Dominican Republic on the back of strengthening winds in a final push to become the first balloonists to circle the globe nonstop?
What were the pilots shivering in the balloon's cabin despite?
How many degrees was the temperature at the balloon's cabin?
If the two make today, what will have conquered one of the last great tests facing balloonists?
How many miles does Pilots Brian Jones of England and Bertrand Piccard of Switzerland travel after leaving the Swiss Alps on March 1?
What have the two beat in their first attempt at circumnavigating the world?
What was the temperature at the balloon's cabin?
When's the last leg?
Who slowed after being ejected from the jet stream?
What could we only find a fast jet stream and whiz across?
If the two make it, what will the pair have conquered?
What does yesterday's?
How many adventurers soared over the Dominican Republic on the back of strengthening winds in a final push to become the first balloonists to circle the globe nonstop?
Who worked a 14-hour day at the control center?
When did the team scoot over Mexico?
What did Smith say to despite concerns about communications and fuel consumption?
When did Smith say, ``It's been a tiring day''?
If the two make it, what will have conquered one of the last great tests facing balloonists?
Who said preparing for the Atlantic crossing?
What does Pilots Brian Jones of England and Bertrand Piccard of Switzerland travel after leaving the Swiss Alps on March 1?
Who added that the balloonists ``have been fantastic, fatigued but in very good spirits?''
When did Smith say, ``the team's been a tiring day''?
Whose wife worked a 14-hour day at the control center?
When was it traveling?
Where did the team scoot on Wednesday?
If the two make it, what will the pair have conquered one of?
Who said he was using self-hypnosis to calm himself and cope with tension that has accumulated during the 19-day odyssey in a satellite telephone linkup?
What then picked up a fast jet stream over the Pacific before grinding to a near halt over Central America?
What finally picked up a jet stream again Thursday?
What will hover at its destination?
If all goes as planned, what will Swiss psychiatrist Bertrand Piccard and British adventurer Brian Jones conquer one of on Saturday?
What will the balloon hover at?
What was one of two exhausted balloonists trying to become the first to circle's 180-foot-high Breitling Orbiter 3 across the Atlantic?
Who said, ``There's a lot of stress''?
Who are expected to be above Mauritania at that point?
What had an advantage in that they got permission to pass over southern China unlike rival balloonists?
When was their 180-foot-high Breitling Orbiter 3 swept along by a jet stream?
Who got the shivers as their small cabin chilled to 46 degrees?
Who cannot sit back in our chairs?
What was one of two exhausted balloonists trying to become the first to circle's 180-foot-high Breitling Orbiter 3 more than halfway across?
Where will the balloon hover?
Who 're secretly confident?
When will the balloon make Friday's final descent Sunday at its destination?
When will the balloon make its final descent Sunday at its destination?
What will make Friday's final descent at dawn Sunday at its destination?
What was their 180-foot-high Breitling Orbiter 3 more than halfway across?
Who said, ``It is right down to the wire''?
If all goes as planned, when will Swiss psychiatrist Bertrand Piccard and British adventurer Brian Jones conquer one of the last great challenges in aviation?
How many exhausted balloonists trying to become the first to circle would dearly like to do?
What sobbed with joy and relief Friday when he was told they have enough fuel to reach the finish line in Africa?
When did Piccard and Jones set off from the Swiss Alps after weeks of frustrating delays?
What will the balloon make its final descent at dawn Sunday at?
Where will the balloon make its final descent at dawn Sunday?
When did Piccard and Jones set off from the Swiss Alps on March 1?
What did Piccard say he was using self-hypnosis to calm himself and cope with tension that has accumulated during the 19-day odyssey in?
Who developed breathing problems?
What can we not sit back in?
What will make its final descent at dawn Sunday at its destination?
Where did Piccard drift down?
What did the pilots get the shivers as?
What beat the endurance record set two weeks ago by two British balloonists who later ditched in bad weather near Japan?
What did they then cross toward?
Who drifted down to North Africa?
What was their 180-foot-high Breitling Orbiter 3 swept along by at up to 100 mph?
When was one of two exhausted balloonists trying to become the first to circle's 180-foot-high Breitling Orbiter 3 swept along by a jet stream?
Who want to put down in some part of the desert surrounded by lions, jackals and other dangerous animals?
Where did they drift down?
How many exhausted balloonists trying to become the first to circle plan to push on to Egypt?
Who do we 've put it behind as a bad dream?
Who comes from a family of pioneers?
Who recounted, ``two exhausted balloonists trying to become the first to circle were very stressed and very cold''?
What do we have?
What was more than halfway across the Atlantic?
What do two exhausted balloonists trying to become the first to circle plan to push on to?
Who do have night vision goggles onboard?
What would be uncomfortable?
Who do two exhausted balloonists trying to become the first to circle 've put there behind as a bad dream?
What are fairly powerful?
What had an advantage in that two exhausted balloonists trying to become the first to circle got permission to pass over southern China unlike rival balloonists?
Who did Piccard say was using self-hypnosis to calm himself and cope with tension that has accumulated during the 19-day odyssey in a satellite telephone linkup?
What was their 180-foot-high Breitling Orbiter 3 across the Atlantic?
What do they plan to push on to?
What then crossed toward Asia?
What want to put down in some part of the desert surrounded by lions, jackals and other dangerous animals?
What do two exhausted balloonists trying to become the first to circle have?
Who is making his third round-the-world bid?
If all goes as planned, who will conquer one of the last great challenges in aviation on Saturday?
What was Piccard?
What's all going well again?
How many exhausted balloonists trying to become the first to circle 're secretly confident?
What is the desert not?
What did Piccard then cross toward?
Who would dearly like to do?
What did the pilots develop?
What was southern China?
What did two exhausted balloonists trying to become the first to circle beat?
Who 're hopeful?
What will hover at Friday's destination?
Who plan to push on to Egypt?
What will the balloon make Friday's final descent at dawn Sunday at?
What do we 've put behind us as a bad dream?
Who 've put there behind us as a bad dream?
What did the Breitling Orbiter crew have in that two exhausted balloonists trying to become the first to circle got permission to pass over southern China unlike rival balloonists?
What did the Breitling Orbiter crew have in that they got permission to pass over southern China unlike rival balloonists?
Who was Jones?
What drifted down to North Africa?
What do two exhausted balloonists trying to become the first to circle 've put there behind us as?
What can two exhausted balloonists trying to become the first to circle not make?
How many exhausted balloonists trying to become the first to circle 're hopeful?
What do two exhausted balloonists trying to become the first to circle want to put down in?
What was one of two exhausted balloonists trying to become the first to circle's 180-foot-high Breitling Orbiter 3 swept along by at up to 100 mph?
What are the balloonists expected to be above at that point?
Who then crossed toward Asia?
What do they want to put down in?
What do we 've put it behind us as?
Where will the balloon make Friday's final descent at dawn Sunday?
Who was a 51-year-old balloon instructor?
How many exhausted balloonists trying to become the first to circle do have night vision goggles onboard?
Where do two exhausted balloonists trying to become the first to circle plan to push on?
Who said?
What did Piccard and Jones set off from on March 1 after weeks of frustrating delays?
What was a move that saved two exhausted balloonists trying to become the first to circle vital time?
Where do they plan to push on?
How many exhausted balloonists trying to become the first to circle cannot make the winds?
What plan to push on to Egypt?
Who did the Breitling Orbiter crew have an advantage in that they got permission to pass over southern China unlike?
What did they beat?
What's the same line where they began their trip nearly three weeks ago?
If all goes as planned, what will Swiss psychiatrist Bertrand Piccard and British adventurer Brian Jones conquer on Saturday?
What was a move that saved them vital time?
How many exhausted balloonists trying to become the first to circle cannot sit back in our chairs?
Who recounted, ``We were very stressed and very cold''?
What are the balloonists expected to be above Mauritania at?
What did they drift down to?
Who then picked up a fast jet stream over the Pacific before grinding to a near halt over Central America?
Who said, ``Piccard is right down to the wire''?
What did two exhausted balloonists trying to become the first to circle then pick up before grinding to a near halt over Central America?
Who did the Breitling Orbiter crew have an advantage in that two exhausted balloonists trying to become the first to circle got permission to pass over southern China unlike?
What did they then pick up before grinding to a near halt over Central America?
What did Piccard say he was using to calm himself and cope with tension that has accumulated during the 19-day odyssey in a satellite telephone linkup?
What can two exhausted balloonists trying to become the first to circle not sit back in?
What is Piccard making?
How many mansions there would be uncomfortable?
What was swept along by a jet stream at up to 100 mph?
Who beat the endurance record set two weeks ago by two British balloonists who later ditched in bad weather near Japan?
Who was 41?
What is not all sand dunes?
What was not out of the question?
How many exhausted balloonists trying to become the first to circle 've put there behind us as a bad dream?
What did the pilots get as their small cabin chilled to 46 degrees?
What did Piccard say with in a satellite telephone linkup?
What does that's where they began their trip nearly three weeks ago?
Who cannot make the winds?
What did Piccard drift down to?
What can we not make?
Who set off from the Swiss Alps on March 1 after weeks of frustrating delays?
What does Piccard come from?
Who 've put it behind us as a bad dream?
What do many Greek artists and others refuse to forgive?
What did Steffi Graf show no mercy with a 6-0 in?
What ends a four-year fight over pay that brought the airline to the brink of a strike?
What does Capriati's?
When did the New York Islanders snap an eight-game winless skid with a 3-1 win against the Vancouver Canucks night?
Who refuse to forgive Kazan's decision to identify Communist Party members in Hollywood during the ``blacklist'' hearings in Washington nearly 50 years ago?
What did three days of talks with federal mediators in Washington result in?
What did the New York Islanders snap an eight-game winless skid with on Friday night?
Who warned that if we and our allies do not have the will to act, there will be more massacres in Washington?
What did Global Balloonists Sail near North Africa early today and two adventurers's dream of becoming the first people to circumnavigate Earth nonstop in Over Africa GENEVA?
What was the 6-0?
What were Peace Monitors Depart Kosovo PRISTINA leaving?
What did President Clinton warn in Washington?
Who is slowed by injuries for much of the past two years?
What does Elia Kazan get?
When is the 29-year-old Graf seeking her first tournament title?
How many comebacks-- collided Friday?
What was Islanders End Winless Streak VANCOUVER?
Where did President Clinton warn that if two adventurers do not have the will to act, there will be more massacres?
Who is based on Friday's performance?
Who neared North Africa early today and two adventurers's dream of becoming the first people to circumnavigate Earth nonstop in a balloon Over Africa GENEVA?
Where are-- Federal investigators wrapping up their work?
When is the 29-year-old Graf seeking Capriati's first tournament title?
Who did Mark Lawrence and Bryan Smolinski also score for in a battle of last-place teams?
What is the 29-year-old Graf slowed by injuries for?
What are-- Federal investigators wrapping up their work at?
What does a poor showing for the bluest of the blue-chip stocks end Friday's strongest run yet past?
What did President Clinton warn that if two adventurers do not have the will to act, there will be in Washington?
When did-- Two comebacks collide?
What did Mark Lawrence and Bryan Smolinski also score for the Islanders in?
Who is seeking Capriati's first tournament title since November?
Who also scored for the Islanders in a battle of last-place teams?
What did victims ' relatives place flowers on subway platforms today in?
How many flight attendants were free to strike after 12:01 a. m. EST Saturday?
What was 89?
What did President Clinton warn that the collapse of peace talks in Paris had raised the stakes in?
What did the Nasdaq finish at?
What is Greece Considers Oscar Winner ATHENS?
What is the 29-year-old Graf seeking since November?
Who neared North Africa early today and their dream of becoming the first people to circumnavigate Earth nonstop in a balloon Over Africa GENEVA?
What are-- Federal investigators wrapping up at the site of a deadly Amtrak train-truck accident?
Who-- are wrapping up their work at the site of a deadly Amtrak train-truck accident?
What did Islanders End Winless Streak VANCOUVER score as the New York Islanders snapped an eight-game winless skid with a 3-1 win against the Vancouver Canucks on Friday night?
Who did Capriati say, ``That's the best against''?
What is she based on?
Who said that twelve people's stories would be checked?
Who did Kazan win for ``Gentleman's Agreement'' in 1947 and ``On the Waterfront'' in 1954?
What will the filmmaker son of Greek-American immigrants not receive when he receives a lifetime achievement Academy Award on Sunday-- his third Oscar?
Who said, ``That's the best she's ever played against the filmmaker son of Greek-American immigrants''?
Who fell 94. 07 to close at 9,903. 55?
What did President Clinton warn that if we and our allies do not have the will to act, there will be more massacres in?
Who placed flowers on subway platforms today in ceremonies marking the fourth anniversary of the deadly nerve gas attack on Tokyo's subways?
Who showed no mercy with a 6-0 in the second round at the Lipton Championships?
What is the 29-year-old Graf slowed by for much of the past two years?
What is Fla.?
What have officials released?
What was Kazan?
What did the Dow fall 94. 07 to close at?
Who will not receive much applause when he receives a lifetime achievement Academy Award on Sunday-- his third Oscar?
What does Graf beat Capriati at?
What ends Friday's strongest run yet past 10,000?
Where did President Clinton warn that if we and our allies do not have the will to act, there will be more massacres?
Who was British Columbia-- Rookie Mike Watt?
What did Global Balloonists Sail near North Africa early today and two adventurers's dream of becoming the first people to circumnavigate Earth nonstop in a balloon Over?
What did President Clinton warn that if two adventurers do not have the will to act, there will be more massacres in?
What did victims ' relatives place flowers on today in ceremonies marking the fourth anniversary of the deadly nerve gas attack on Tokyo's subways?
Who scored the go-ahead goal as the New York Islanders snapped an eight-game winless skid with a 3-1 win against the Vancouver Canucks on Friday night?
Who has NATO threatened if President Slobodan Milosevic does not accept a peace plan providing for sweeping autonomy for Kosovo and NATO troops to police the accord?
Who said, ``That's the best she's ever played against me''?
What did National Transportation Safety Board investigator J. S. Dunn say?
What does the move end?
What Serbs geared up for a showdown over the future of this rebellious province?
Who warned that the collapse of peace talks in Paris had raised the stakes in Washington?
Who did the New York Islanders snap skid with a 3-1 win against the Vancouver Canucks on Friday night?
What did Islanders End Winless Streak VANCOUVER score the go-ahead goal as the New York Islanders snapped with?
What were killed?
What did Japan Marks Subway Nerve Gas Attack TOKYO-- Station employees bow in prayer?
What have officials released a list of?
Who said that their stories would be checked?
What won Oscars for ``Gentleman's Agreement'' in 1947 and ``On the Waterfront'' in 1954?
What was 6-1 victory over Jennifer Capriati?
What did Global Balloonists Sail near in a balloon Over Africa GENEVA?
Who gets a very different reception?
What did Mark Lawrence and Bryan Smolinski seal with?
What does she's?
What were injured in that attack?
Who Beats Capriati at Lipton KEY BISCAYNE?
Who were free to strike after 12:01 a. m. EST Saturday?
What is Lipton KEY BISCAYNE?
What did Steffi Graf show no mercy with in the second round at the Lipton Championships?
Who sealed the win scoring with 2:03 left?
Whose first tournament title is the 29-year-old Graf seeking since November?
What were leaving Kosovo Saturday?
What was Peace Monitors Depart Kosovo PRISTINA?
Who is Greece-- Greeks?
What is Capriati based on?
What did President Clinton warn that if we and our allies do not have the will to act, there will be in Washington?
What did Japan Marks Subway Nerve Gas Attack TOKYO-- Station employees bow their heads in?
How many days of talks with federal mediators in Washington resulted in a settlement?
What did National Transportation Safety Board investigator J. S. Dunn say had come forward?
What threatened to leave up to 100,000 passengers stranded this weekend?
Who finished at 2,421. 49?
When resulted in a settlement?
What were 5,300 injured in?
What-- collided Friday?
What bowed their heads in prayer?
What did President Clinton warn that the collapse of peace talks in Paris had raised in Washington?
What did the Dow fall to close at 9,903. 55?
Who have released a list of the eleven people who were killed in Monday night's collision between a truck and the train?
What did Mark Lawrence and Bryan Smolinski seal the win scoring with?
Who did a possible strike threaten to leave up to?
Where did President Clinton warn that the collapse of peace talks in Paris had raised the stakes?
What remains unanswered?
Who warned that if two adventurers do not have the will to act, there will be more massacres in Washington?
What does a poor showing for the bluest of the blue-chip stocks end yet past 10,000?
Who does Graf beat at Lipton KEY BISCAYNE?
What did Mark Lawrence and Bryan Smolinski seal win scoring with 2:03 left?
Who's a threat to upstage such youngsters as Martina Hingis and the Williams sisters?
What did Global Balloonists Sail near North Africa early today and their dream of becoming the first people to circumnavigate Earth nonstop in Over Africa GENEVA?
What did the New York Islanders snap with?
What did Kazan win Oscars for?
Who is seeking her first tournament title since November?
What ends its strongest run yet past 10,000?
What does a poor showing for the bluest of the blue-chip stocks end its strongest run yet past?
When did the New York Islanders snap an eight-game winless skid with a 3-1 win against the Vancouver Canucks on Friday?
Who said ``a number of people'' claiming to have witnessed the crash that killed 11 had come forward?
What did Steffi Graf show with a 6-0 in the second round at the Lipton Championships?
Where does Graf beat Capriati?
What did Global Balloonists Sail near North Africa early today and their dream of becoming the first people to circumnavigate Earth nonstop in a balloon Over?
What does a determined NATO and defiant serbs geared up for?
How many people were killed?
What snapped an eight-game winless skid with a 3-1 win against the Vancouver Canucks on Friday night?
Whose ``Agreement'' in 1947 and ``On the Waterfront'' in 1954 did Kazan win Oscars for?
What was Yugoslavia-- International monitors sent here five months ago to shore up a failed cease-fire?
Who began their journey March 1?
What did Balloonists Bertrand Piccard and Brian Jones show off?
When did they land in the Egyptian desert?
Whose names do people use in the same sentence as John Glenn, Neil Armstrong and the Wright brothers?
Who did other pieces say will use some of the money to start the Winds of Hope Foundation each March 21 to those who are committed?
Who said, ``I think for Brian''?
What headed south?
What did they land March 21 in?
What did the federation determine that they had traveled after subtracting twists and turns?
What is the Wright brothers ' Flyer Charles Lindbergh's ``Spirit of,''?
Who did officials from the Federation Aeronautique Internationale also present with papers certifying three world records: distance, duration and shortest time around the world?
What has landed?
Whose Flyer is Charles Lindbergh's ``Spirit of St. Louis,''?
Who was the National Air and Space Museum?
What did they say to?
What did other pieces say to?
Who said they will use some of the money to start the Winds of Hope Foundation each March 21 to those who are committed?
What has been closed, has been finished?
What did they say they will use to start the Winds of Hope Foundation each March 21 to those who are committed?
When did they circle the Earth from west to east?
When did Balloonists Bertrand Piccard and Brian Jones make balloonists's journey?
What went on permanent display Thursday in the National Air and Space Museum to the moon?
What did Balloonists Bertrand Piccard and Brian Jones make over 19 days in March?
Who does it rest at ground level in the ``Milestones of Flight'' gallery, adjacent to the Wright brothers ' Flyer?
What determined that the crew's computers had traveled 25,361 miles after subtracting twists and turns?
What did he say there is a sense of which pervades still and will last a long time?
What did they say they will use some of to start the Winds of Hope Foundation each March 21 to those who are committed?
What did Jones express at their accomplishment and new honor?
What did other pieces say they will use some of to start the Winds of Hope Foundation each March 21 to those who are committed?
What did Balloonists Bertrand Piccard and Brian Jones show off the neon orange passenger compartment of?
What will be displayed in museums around the world?
Who did the crew's computers show traveled 29,056 miles?
What did Piccard, a Swiss psychiatrist, and Jones lift away from the village of Chateau D'Oex in?
How many miles did the federation determine that they had traveled after subtracting twists and turns?
What will other pieces be displayed in?
Who were 19 days beamed as?
Whose journey did Balloonists Bertrand Piccard and Brian Jones make over 19 days in March?
Who expressed amazement at museum officials's accomplishment and new honor?
Who lifted away from the village of Chateau D'Oex in Switzerland?
What is Charles Lindbergh's ``Spirit of St. Louis,''?
Who showed off the neon orange passenger compartment of their Breitling Orbiter 3 balloon?
What said they will use some of the money to start the Winds of Hope Foundation each March 21 to those who are committed?
Who circled the Earth from west to east in 19 days, 21 hours and 47 minutes?
How many miles did the crew's computers show they traveled?
Who do people use museum officials's names in the same sentence as?
What did Piccard, a Swiss psychiatrist, and Jones lift away from in Switzerland?
What did the federation determine that the crew's computers had traveled after subtracting twists and turns?
What did the crew's computers show they traveled?
Who said there is a sense of disbelief which pervades still and will last a long time?
What landed March 21 in the Egyptian desert?
Who landed March 21 in the Egyptian desert?
What did other pieces say they will use to start the Winds of Hope Foundation each March 21 to those who are committed?
Who do people use our names in the same sentence as?
When were beamed as museum officials?
What is the Wright brothers ' Flyer?
What did officials from the Federation Aeronautique Internationale also present Piccard and Jones with around the world?
What use our names in the same sentence as John Glenn, Neil Armstrong and the Wright brothers?
Who made balloonists's journey over 19 days in March?
What did Jones express at museum officials's accomplishment and new honor?
What did other pieces say will use some of the money to start the Winds of Hope Foundation each March 21 to those who are committed?
Whose accomplishment and new honor did Jones express amazement at?
What do people use our names in as John Glenn, Neil Armstrong and the Wright brothers?
Who was an English balloonist?
Who was Piccard, the Swiss psychiatrist, and Jones?
Where did Piccard, a Swiss psychiatrist, and Jones lift away from the village of Chateau D'Oex?
What was the Federation Aeronautique Internationale?
Who also presented Piccard and Jones with papers certifying three world records: distance, duration and shortest time around the world?
What did the crew's computers show?
What will the public see?
What was an international aeronautics body?
Who said, ``I, the flight really ends today''?
What do some of the cylinders that carried the liquid propane used to heat the balloon's 181-foot-tall envelope still hang on?
Whose Breitling Orbiter 3 balloon did Balloonists Bertrand Piccard and Brian Jones show off the neon orange passenger compartment of?
What do people use in the same sentence as John Glenn, Neil Armstrong and the Wright brothers?
Who caught favorable winds around the equator?
What determined that they had traveled 25,361 miles after subtracting twists and turns?
What circled the Earth from west to east in 19 days, 21 hours and 47 minutes?
What did officials from the Federation Aeronautique Internationale also present Piccard and Jones with papers certifying three world records: distance, duration and shortest time around?
What did they catch around the equator?
What will see a piece of it?
What did other pieces say they will use some of the money to start the Winds of Hope Foundation each March 21 to?
What did Jones express amazement at?
What did the crew's computers show traveled 29,056 miles?
What was next to the Wright brothers ' plane and the craft that carried man?
What did WASHINGTON-- The capsule that carried balloonists on the first nonstop hot air trip around the globe go on permanent display Thursday in to the moon?
When did Balloonists Bertrand Piccard and Brian Jones make their journey?
How many days were beamed as museum officials?
Who headed south?
What contains a galley, two bunks, a toilet and the instruments and controls to operate the balloon?
What does it rest at Chuck Yeager's supersonic Bell X-1 and the Apollo 11 command module?
What do people use museum officials's names in as John Glenn, Neil Armstrong and the Wright brothers?
What showed they traveled 29,056 miles?
Who expressed amazement at their accomplishment and new honor?
What is too big to be displayed?
When did Piccard, a Swiss psychiatrist, and Jones begin there?
What does the gondola contain a galley, two bunks, a toilet and the instruments and controls to operate?
Where did WASHINGTON-- The capsule that carried balloonists on the first nonstop hot air trip around the globe go on permanent display Thursday to the moon?
Who showed off the neon orange passenger compartment of balloonists's Breitling Orbiter 3 balloon?
What did they say will use some of the money to start the Winds of Hope Foundation each March 21 to those who are committed?
What did the balloonists live in?
What did the federation determine?
Where do some of the cylinders that carried the liquid propane used to heat the balloon's 181-foot-tall envelope still hang?
Who did they say will use some of the money to start the Winds of Hope Foundation each March 21 to those who are committed?
Who made their journey over 19 days in March?
How many miles did the federation determine that the crew's computers had traveled after subtracting twists and turns?
Where did they land March 21?
What did they say they will use some of the money to start the Winds of Hope Foundation each March 21 to?
What caught favorable winds around the equator?
What use museum officials's names in the same sentence as John Glenn, Neil Armstrong and the Wright brothers?
What does the gondola contain to operate the balloon?
What did they circle from west to east in 19 days, 21 hours and 47 minutes?
What still hang on the outside?
What will the public see a piece of?
What did they catch favorable winds around?
What did they circle the Earth from to east in 19 days, 21 hours and 47 minutes?
Who began there March 1?
What did he say there is?
Who lived in a pill-shaped pressurized compartment the size of a minivan?
When did Gregory Hendricks say the challenge remained in effect he added: ``9. 27 degrees 're wishing good luck to the Breitling crew?''
What did the Breitling speed at more than 100 miles an hour in?
What did the company offer to the first balloonist to circle the world nonstop?
What have tried before them?
What did Piccard report that he and Jones had been having sleeping?
What apparently failed during the last few exhausting days?
Who are uncertain at Algeria or Libya?
What ran out?
Who was the Breitling's crew?
How many degrees west longitude did the first balloon to circle the world reach before catching a favorable jet stream?
What have fallen far short?
What are uncertain at Algeria or Libya?
What offered the prize and a trophy to the first balloonist to circle the world nonstop?
What did China give last-minute permission that the balloon remain?
What reached 9. 27 degrees west longitude before catching a favorable jet stream?
Who said Wednesday the challenge remained in effect he added: ``9. 27 degrees 're wishing good luck to the Breitling crew?''
If the Breitling team makes it, what will they enter as winners of the last great goal of ballooning?
What did Gregory Hendricks say Wednesday remained in effect he added: ``9. 27 degrees 're wishing good luck to the Breitling crew?''
What did Gregory Hendricks say Wednesday the challenge remained in effect he added: ``We 're wishing good luck to?''
What had the Breitling Orbiter 3 floated over Europe, Africa, Asia, the Pacific Ocean and Central America?
What have many tried before?
Who was Gregory Hendricks?
What did the Breitling Orbiter 3 head into Wednesday in its bid to become the first balloon to circle the world nonstop?
What had the Breitling Orbiter 3 floated some 20,000 miles over?
Who reported that some of the nations along the round-the-world track had been having trouble sleeping?
What faced staggering problems to get this far?
When did the Breitling ground team in Geneva forecast?
If the Breitling team makes longitude, how many degrees will enter the record books as winners of the last great goal of ballooning?
What did the craft reach?
What did a round-the-world attempt ditch in?
When did the Breitling Orbiter 3 head into the home stretch over the Atlantic Ocean in its bid to become the first balloon to circle the world nonstop?
What did Gregory Hendricks say Wednesday the challenge remained in effect he added: ``9. 27 degrees 're wishing to the Breitling crew?''
What was the Budweiser Cup?
What had floated some 20,000 miles over Europe, Africa, Asia, the Pacific Ocean and Central America?
What represents the finish line?
What did China give that the balloon remain south of the 26th parallel?
What does Piccard frequently use?
What reached 9. 27 degrees west longitude before heading eastward around the world?
How many degrees west longitude did the first balloon to circle the world reach before heading eastward around the world?
What does longitude represent?
How many miles had the Breitling Orbiter 3 floated over Europe, Africa, Asia, the Pacific Ocean and Central America?
Who did the company offer the prize and a trophy to?
When did the Breitling balloon enter aloft?
When did Gregory Hendricks say the challenge remained in effect he added: ``We 're wishing good luck to the Breitling crew?''
What did Gregory Hendricks say Wednesday the challenge remained in effect he added: ``9. 27 degrees 're wishing good luck to?''
What will the balloonists try to avoid?
What did it reach before catching a favorable jet stream?
What was the British balloon?
What did the balloon crawl at?
What took off from Chateau-d ` Oex, Switzerland?
What will the balloonists try to avoid landing in Algeria or Libya of?
What are the balloonists uncertain at?
What have tried before 9. 27 degrees?
What entered its 18th day aloft?
If the Breitling team makes longitude, who will 9. 27 degrees enter the record books as?
What initially flew southwestward?
What is Anheuser-Busch?
What forecast that the huge Swiss-registered balloon would complete its circuit of the Earth on Saturday, somewhere in North Africa?
What did China give last-minute permission that the balloon remain south of?
Who did Gregory Hendricks say Wednesday the challenge remained in effect added: ``9. 27 degrees 're wishing good luck to the Breitling crew?''
Who is adept at hypnotizing himself to fall asleep?
What did the first balloon to circle the world reach before heading eastward around the world?
What did Gregory Hendricks say Wednesday remained in effect he added: ``We 're wishing good luck to the Breitling crew?''
What did Gregory Hendricks say Wednesday the challenge remained in effect he added: ``We 're wishing to the Breitling crew?''
Who was Geneva?
Where are they uncertain?
Who said Wednesday the challenge remained in effect he added: ``We 're wishing good luck to the Breitling crew?''
What did Gregory Hendricks say Wednesday the challenge remained in effect he added: ``'re wishing good luck to the Breitling crew?''
Who reported that he and Jones had been having trouble sleeping?
What did Piccard report?
What reached the finish line?
If the Breitling team makes it, who will enter the record books as winners of the last great goal of ballooning?
What headed into the home stretch over the Atlantic Ocean Wednesday in its bid to become the first balloon to circle the world nonstop?
What crawled at 20 miles an hour?
What did Gregory Hendricks say Wednesday in?''
What runs out?
Who is the brewing company?
Who sped at more than 100 miles an hour in stretches where the crew could exploit jet streams?
What did the Breitling Orbiter 3 head into the home stretch over the Atlantic Ocean Wednesday in?
What did some of the nations along the round-the-world track not open to balloons?
What did Gregory Hendricks say Wednesday the challenge remained in he added: ``9. 27 degrees 're wishing good luck to the Breitling crew?''
What was Bertrand Piccard and Brian Jones?
What ditched in the Pacific Ocean?
What are they uncertain at?
Who have many tried before?
What did the balloon take off from?
How many degrees west longitude did it reach before heading eastward around the world?
What was Monika Pieren?
Who was a Budweiser spokesman?
What did not open their airspace to balloons?
Who will try to avoid landing in Algeria or Libya of the political climate?
What had to be avoided?
What did China give last-minute permission?
If the Breitling team makes longitude, what will 9. 27 degrees enter as winners of the last great goal of ballooning?
Where are the balloonists uncertain?
How many degrees did Gregory Hendricks say Wednesday the challenge remained in effect he added: ``'re wishing good luck to the Breitling crew?''
Who frequently uses hypnosis?
What did Gregory Hendricks say Wednesday the challenge remained in he added: ``We 're wishing good luck to the Breitling crew?''
What was forced to end a round-the-world attempt?
Who was the trophy?
What seemed more promising with each passing hour?
How many degrees west longitude did it reach before catching a favorable jet stream?
What has not been ruled out?
What did some of the nations along the round-the-world track not open their airspace to?
What did it reach before heading eastward around the world?
When did the technique apparently fail?
What was the Cable & Wireless?
What did the Breitling ground team in Geneva forecast that the huge Swiss-registered balloon would complete on Saturday, somewhere in North Africa?
Whose crew was Bertrand Piccard and Brian Jones?
What do Piccard, a Swiss psychiatrist, and his co-pilot, Brian Jones, a 52-year-old British balloonist, stand to win?
What did the team spokeswoman in Geneva say in a telephone interview Wednesday to?
What did the Breitling ground team in Geneva forecast that the huge Swiss-registered balloon would complete its circuit of on Saturday, somewhere in North Africa?
When did the prospect that the Breitling's crew may succeed where all others have failed seem more promising?
What did the first balloon to circle the world reach before catching a favorable jet stream?
What did Piccard report that some of the nations along the round-the-world track had been having sleeping?
What gave last-minute permission that the balloon remain south of the 26th parallel?
Who did Gregory Hendricks say Wednesday the challenge remained in effect added: ``We 're wishing good luck to the Breitling crew?''
What did the Breitling speed at in stretches where the crew could exploit jet streams?
Who did Gregory Hendricks say Wednesday the challenge remained in effect he added: ``'re wishing good luck to the Breitling crew?''
Who stand to win a $1 million prize and cup from Anheuser-Busch?
If the Breitling team makes it, what will enter the record books as winners of the last great goal of ballooning?
If the Breitling team makes it, who will they enter the record books as?
If the Breitling team makes longitude, what will enter the record books as winners of the last great goal of ballooning?
Who became the first human to reach the stratosphere in 1931?
What do Fellow balloonist Richard Branson's latest attempt to ahead?
Who said, ``We are having great difficulty realizing our dreams have come true''?
What was the venerable Rozier balloon?
What depletes its supply?
What was still able to stay in the high-speed jetstream needed to propel it to the finish line?
What did at least two previous attempts that might have had a chance at succeeding force to divert into less favorable wind patterns?
Who immediately sent his congratulatious to the rival team Saturday?
What did it take the bathyscaphe Trieste nearly 7 miles deep in?
What does its drawback deplete?
Who was his grandfather?
What do scientists already use unpiloted high-altitude balloons extensively to conduct some kinds of that require a perch high above most of the atmosphere?
What did Piccard speak to?
What did Bertrand Piccard and Brian Jones join?
What was his father?
Who set a record that still stands Sunday for the deepest ocean dive in 1960?
Who worked for the US National Aeronautics and Space Administration?
What did Bertrand Piccard and Brian Jones achieve?
What did the pair hope to land at Sunday in Egypt?
What comes down?
What was the stratosphere?
What does it expand from?
What did the pair hope to land at about dawn Sunday in?
Who had the achievement not quite sunk in for?
What does Helium's advantage's drawback deplete?
Where did it take the bathyscaphe Trieste?
Who was it?
What ended up being thwarted by bad weather, technical malfunctions, or political obstacles?
What may the technological advances in balloon design engendered by the competition well end up benefiting?
Who is the latest in a family of explorers and record-setters?
What is Helium's advantage?
Who did Piccard take nearly 7 miles deep in the Pacific Ocean's Mariana Trench?
What are the winds its only means of?
What was forced to detour to honor China's requirement to stay south of 26 degrees latitude?
What does satellite weather monitoring provide?
Who was Jacques?
What forced them to divert into less favorable wind patterns?
What was one record after another set for?
What is that as it expands from the sun's heat, it threatens to tear a balloon apart?
What did success hinge on despite the millions of dollars spent by each team for equipment and the support crews needed for such voyages?
Who spoke to his ground crew in Switzerland?
What provides the guidance essential to success _ and survival?
Whose control did Piccard acknowledge that much of the achievement was due to forces far beyond?
What are the winds?
What was set for distance traveled and for time aloft?
Who was his father?
What has the design of high-tech versions of the venerable Rozier balloon progressed enormously in?
Who acknowledged that much of the achievement was due to forces far beyond the pilots ' control?
What do scientists already use unpiloted high-altitude balloons extensively to conduct?
Where did Piccard take the bathyscaphe Trieste?
What runs out?
Who is a 41-year-old Swiss psychiatrist?
What was the venerable Rozier balloon the invention of?
What had not quite sunk in for the adventurers themselves?
What does a Rozier combine?
Who achieved what promoters called the last great milestone of aviation?
Where did the pair hope to land at about dawn Sunday?
What did Piccard acknowledge that much of the achievement was due to forces far beyond?
What monitor the balloons ' positions?
What did Piccard grow up among astronauts as his father worked for the US National Aeronautics and Space Administration in?
What did Piccard acknowledge that much of the achievement was due to far beyond the pilots ' control?
Who combines both?
What keep Satellite navigation systems in touch with their control centers?
Who said, ``We 're really grateful for the invisible hand that guided us through all obstacles''?
What expands from the sun's heat?
What was the first to see the earth's curvature firsthand, and the inventor of the pressurized cabin travel?
What did his father set for the deepest ocean dive in 1960?
What brings aviation's oldest design straight into the space age?
What keep them in touch with their control centers?
Whose control did Piccard acknowledge to?
Who called Saturday a ``magnificent achievement''?
What did Bertrand Piccard and Brian Jones join legends like the Wright Brothers and Charles Lindbergh with Saturday's completion of the first manned?
When did Auguste Piccard become the first human to reach the stratosphere?
What do satellite communications keep Satellite navigation systems in?
What do scientists already use extensively to conduct some kinds of environmental monitoring and astronomical studies that require a perch high above most of the atmosphere?
What did Piccard say, ``We are having great difficulty realizing''?
Who did Auguste Piccard become in 1931?
What was this flight forced to to honor China's requirement to stay south of 26 degrees latitude?
What are its only means of control?
What did his father work for?
Who was Auguste Piccard?
What can provide lifting power whenever it is needed to heat the air?
Who joined legends like the Wright Brothers and Charles Lindbergh with Saturday's completion of the first manned round-the-world balloon flight?
What is Helium's advantage that it requires?
What was it?
What is Piccard?
What has progressed enormously in the process?
Who did at least two previous attempts that might have had a chance at succeeding force to divert into less favorable wind patterns?
Who called it a ``magnificent achievement''?
What did all these earlier efforts end up being thwarted by?
What are the winds the venerable Rozier balloon's only means of?
What hoped to land at about dawn Sunday in Egypt?
What were at least two previous attempts that might have had a chance at succeeding stymied by?
What did at least two previous attempts that might have had a chance at succeeding force them to divert into?
What can hot air provide whenever it is needed to heat the air?
What took the bathyscaphe Trieste nearly 7 miles deep in the Pacific Ocean's Mariana Trench?
Who did it take nearly 7 miles deep in the Pacific Ocean's Mariana Trench?
What were stymied by failure to get overflight permission from China and Libya?
What did Fellow balloonist Richard Branson immediately send his congratulatious to Saturday?
What do Satellite navigation systems monitor?
What is its drawback from?
Who already use unpiloted high-altitude balloons extensively to conduct some kinds of environmental monitoring and astronomical studies that require a perch high above most of the atmosphere?
What did success hinge on a combination of luck, politics and fortitude despite?
What was Auguste Piccard?
Who said two years ago, ``this gave me the wish to explore something on this beautiful earth''?
What did Piccard take the bathyscaphe Trieste nearly 7 miles deep in?
What did Bertrand Piccard and Brian Jones join manned round-the-world balloon flight?
Who do satellite communications keep in touch with their control centers?
Who did Piccard grow up among as his father worked for the US National Aeronautics and Space Administration in addition to his illustrious forebears?
Who said, ``about dawn 're really grateful for the invisible hand that guided us through all obstacles''?
What was it the invention of?
What is that it requires no fuel to maintain its lifting power?
How many previous attempts that might have had a chance at succeeding forced them to divert into less favorable wind patterns?
Who was Piccard?
What do satellite communications keep in touch with their control centers?
What did Piccard acknowledge to?
What attempt to circle the world ended with a landing off Hawaii last Christmas because of bad weather ahead?
What must be vented?
What is its drawback that as it expands from the sun's heat, it threatens to tear apart?
Who said two years ago, ``During my childhood, I have seen a lot of adventurers''?
Who is Piccard?
What may well end up benefiting scientific research?
What are the venerable Rozier balloon's only means of control?
How many previous attempts that might have had a chance at succeeding were stymied by failure to get overflight permission from China and Libya?
When did his father set a record that still stands Sunday for the deepest ocean dive?
What do satellite communications keep them in?
Who took the bathyscaphe Trieste nearly 7 miles deep in the Pacific Ocean's Mariana Trench?
What does the design of high-tech versions of the venerable Rozier balloon bring straight into the space age?
What does Helium's advantage expand from?
When did the pair hope to land at about dawn in Egypt?
What is the most high-tech balloon still at being to rise or fall in order to catch the winds that seem to be going in the most promising direction?
Who grew up among astronauts as his father worked for the US National Aeronautics and Space Administration in addition to his illustrious forebears?
Who did his father set a record that still stands Sunday for in 1960?
When does the design of high-tech versions of the venerable Rozier balloon bring aviation's oldest design?
What did both men say they became firm friends during?
What had Overnight, Egyptian security and tourism officials advised people across Egypt?
Who was about to give up?
When did Brian Jones say ``All of both men's water froze''?
What did Brian Jones say ``froze at night''?
What completed their circumnavigation on Saturday?
What did the pair complete on Saturday?
When did unfavorable winds spend on a lonely desert plateau before an Egyptian army helicopter arrived to pick them up after 19 days, 21 hours and 55 minutes?
What did the pair cross an invisible line in the air far above?
What was both men's achievement yet drained by?
What did Jones say the worst thing was enduring?
What was a fabulous metaphor of life?
What did unfavorable winds spend seven hours on a lonely desert plateau before after 19 days, 21 hours and 55 minutes?
Who said they became firm friends during the trip?
What galvanized the government into action?
What did they spend seven hours on before an Egyptian army helicopter arrived to pick them up after 19 days, 21 hours and 55 minutes?
What did they scuttle to a stop in?
What did they then have to gouge holes in to keep it from dragging them further across the desolate desert?
What did the huge silver balloon land atop?
When did Brian Jones say ?
When did Dr. Bertrand Piccard, a Swiss psychiatrist, and Brian Jones land just after 8 a. m.?
Who spoke to reporters in the oasis town of Dakhla?
What did unfavorable winds keep aboard from that storybook ending?
What appeared thin in Dakhla?
What was it not?
What did Jones say?''
Who said the flight ``was the most amazing experience?''
Where did Jones say, ``We are not heroes''?
Whose questions did they answer at Dakhla?
Who was a psychiatrist?
What did members of the record-setting team describe as having been ``a 10'' on a scale of 1 to 10?
What did the landing bring a bumpy end to?
What spent seven hours on a lonely desert plateau before an Egyptian army helicopter arrived to pick them up after 19 days, 21 hours and 55 minutes?
What was pinpointed by the global positioning satellite system?
What 'd I do again?
Who landed just after 8 a. m. local time?
What did both men say during?
Who added?
What did unfavorable winds scuttle to a stop in?
What had it taken so long for Egyptian helicopters to recover the two intrepid balloonists in?
Who were aboard the huge Breitling Orbiter 3?
Who answered journalists ' questions at Dakhla?
Who told reporters in Dakhla, ``We had to run around the balloon with our knives to make holes to keep from being dragged across the desert''?
Who did Jones speak to?
What was Jones?
What kept aboard the huge Breitling Orbiter 3 from that storybook ending?
What was yet drained by the effort and the endurance?
What did the prospect of a landing near the Pyramids _ which would had made for extraordinary publicity _ galvanize into action?
Who said that weather conditions had been perfect?
What did the two men say?
Who spoke of the trials and tribulations of the flight?
What did members of the record-setting team say?
Who then had to gouge holes in their still-inflated balloon to keep it from dragging them further across the desolate desert?
What did both men appear elated by it took to claim the elusive prize of having circled the world in a balloon?
What did the Egyptian government spokesman say that the weather-driven changes in plans for the balloon's landing had slowed the military's plans for?
Who did both men say became firm friends during the trip?
When did they spend on a lonely desert plateau before an Egyptian army helicopter arrived to pick them up after 19 days, 21 hours and 55 minutes?
Who was their landing observed by?
Who said at a news conference in Cairo Sunday night, ``In several stages, we were able to support each other''?
What did he say ``froze at night''?
Who had hoped to land to near the Pyramids of Giza?
What were near empty when they landed?
How many miles southwest of Cairo was the landing?
Who scuttled to a stop in the sands of the Sahara?
What did Jones say was enduring the cold?
What did unfavorable winds spend seven hours on before an Egyptian army helicopter arrived to pick them up after 19 days, 21 hours and 55 minutes?
What was not clear why it had taken so long for Egyptian helicopters to recover the two intrepid balloonists in Cairo were postponed for hours because of the delay?
What was not a matter of setting records?
Who said in Cairo, ``We are not heroes''?
What did the landing bring to a record-setting journey that had lasted nearly three weeks?
What did Dr. Bertrand Piccard, a Swiss psychiatrist, and Brian Jones land just after local time?
Whose achievement was yet drained by the effort and the endurance?
When was Cairo not clear why it had taken so long for Egyptian helicopters to recover the two intrepid balloonists in Cairo were postponed because of the delay?
Who did both men say they became during the trip?
What did Piccard say at Sunday night, ``In several stages, both men were able to support each other''?
What did we wait till day to fill?
Who was a 51-year-old former member of the British air force?
What did Jones say?
What had Overnight, Egyptian security and tourism officials advised across Egypt that they had nothing to fear from the craft that would descend from the skies?
What did the Egyptian government spokesman say for?
When did both men wait to fill the kettles?
What had Cairo taken so long for Egyptian helicopters to recover the two intrepid balloonists in?
What did both men appear elated by their achievement?
Who do you ask now whether I 'd do it again?
Who asks me now whether I 'd do it again?
Who said ``All of both men's water froze at night''?
Who said the worst thing was enduring the cold?
What was Jones a 51-year-old former member of?
What was Cairo not clear for?
What did they say?
When was it not clear why it had taken so long for Egyptian helicopters to recover the two intrepid balloonists in Cairo were postponed for hours?
What did they then have to gouge holes in their still-inflated balloon to keep from dragging them further across the desolate desert?
Who said at a news conference in Cairo Sunday night, ``In several stages, both men were able to support each other''?
Who was Nabil Osman?
Who had it taken so long for Egyptian helicopters to recover in Cairo?
What did Jones say in, ``We are not heroes''?
What had Overnight, Egyptian security and tourism officials advised people across Egypt that they had?
What scuttled to a stop in the sands of the Sahara?
What did both men appear elated by their achievement took to claim the elusive prize of having circled the world in a balloon?
Who described the landing as having been ``a 10'' on a scale of 1 to 10?
What answered journalists ' questions at Dakhla?
What was some 300 miles southwest of Cairo?
What kept them from that storybook ending?
What did members of the record-setting team describe the landing as having been ``a 10'' on a scale of 1 to?
What did Jones describe a scene that sounded somewhat more chaotic tipping over after the landing?
When was Cairo not clear why it had taken so long for Egyptian helicopters to recover the two intrepid balloonists in Cairo were postponed for hours?
When did they spend seven hours on a lonely desert plateau before an Egyptian army helicopter arrived to pick them up?
Who spent seven hours on a lonely desert plateau before an Egyptian army helicopter arrived to pick them up after 19 days, 21 hours and 55 minutes?
Who waited till day to fill the kettles?
Who did unfavorable winds keep from that storybook ending?
What was about to give up?
What did they spend seven hours on a lonely desert plateau before after 19 days, 21 hours and 55 minutes?
Who was Dr. Bertrand Piccard, the Swiss psychiatrist, and Brian Jones?
Who 'd do it again?
Who said ``All of our water froze at night''?
What did both men appear elated by their achievement it took to claim?
What said that weather conditions had been perfect?
Who was the Egyptian government spokesman?
What was it not clear for?
Where did they answer journalists ' questions?
When was it not clear why it had taken so long for Egyptian helicopters to recover the two intrepid balloonists in Cairo were postponed because of the delay?
What did the pair appear thin in?
What had taken so long for Egyptian helicopters to recover the two intrepid balloonists in Cairo?
What was it?
What did Jones describe a scene that sounded somewhat more chaotic tipping the balloon over after?
Who said, ``There was no delay''?
What landed atop a remote, plateau about 45 miles north of the desert town of Mut?
What did they answer journalists ' questions at?
What did both men wait till day to fill?
What was the trip squeezed into by 10 feet?
What do you ask me now?
When did we wait to fill the kettles?
What did the Egyptian government spokesman say that the weather-driven changes in plans for the balloon's landing had slowed for swift recovery of the crew?
Who said that the weather-driven changes in plans for the balloon's landing had slowed the military's plans for swift recovery of the crew?
What was observed by mission controllers aboard a chartered plane?
Who had Cairo taken so long for Egyptian helicopters to recover in Cairo?
When did he say ``All of our water froze''?
What did they answer at Dakhla?
Where had Cairo taken so long for Egyptian helicopters to recover the two intrepid balloonists?
What did they then have to gouge in their still-inflated balloon to keep it from dragging them further across the desolate desert?
What had it taken so long for to recover the two intrepid balloonists in Cairo?
Who was a Briton?
Who appeared elated by their achievement it took to claim the elusive prize of having circled the world in a balloon?
How many intrepid balloonists had it taken so long for Egyptian helicopters to recover in Cairo?
What had advised people across Egypt that they had nothing to fear from the craft that would descend from the skies?
What were the balloonists aboard?
What had received little attention here through most of the long journey?
What did the prospect of a landing near the Pyramids _ which would had made for extraordinary publicity _ galvanize the government into?
What was their exact location pinpointed by?
What was it a fabulous metaphor of?
Who was Piccard?
When did the pair complete their circumnavigation?
What did Piccard say at Sunday night, ``In several stages, we were able to support each other''?
What was the trip squeezed into a capsule that measured just 16 by?
Who described a scene that sounded somewhat more chaotic tipping the balloon over after the landing?
What did unfavorable winds keep from that storybook ending?
How many intrepid balloonists had Cairo taken so long for Egyptian helicopters to recover in Cairo?
What did the pair appear drawn in?
What did Jones describe tipping the balloon over after the landing?
What was their achievement yet drained by?
What was squeezed into a capsule that measured just 16 by 10 feet?
Where had it taken so long for Egyptian helicopters to recover the two intrepid balloonists?
What did both men say became firm friends during the trip?
What had the balloonists hoped to land to near?
What did they scuttle to in the sands of the Sahara?
What had Cairo taken so long for to recover the two intrepid balloonists in Cairo?
What was timed to take advantage of a postdawn lull in desert winds?
What had Overnight, Egyptian security and tourism officials advised people across that they had nothing to fear from the craft that would descend from the skies?
What appeared drawn in Dakhla?
What crossed an invisible line in the air far above Mauritania?
What brought a bumpy end to a record-setting journey that had lasted nearly three weeks?
When did Piccard say at a news conference in Cairo, ``In several stages, we were able to support each other''?
What had the record-setting mission received little attention here through?
What was the landing?
What did the pair cross far above Mauritania?
What did Piccard speak of?
What then had to gouge holes in their still-inflated balloon to keep it from dragging them further across the desolate desert?
When did unfavorable winds spend seven hours on a lonely desert plateau before an Egyptian army helicopter arrived to pick them up?
When did Piccard say at a news conference in Cairo, ``In several stages, both men were able to support each other''?
What did unfavorable winds scuttle to in the sands of the Sahara?
When did he say ?
What had the record-setting mission received here through most of the long journey?
What was a maker of specialty watches?
Who have announced?
What will Piccard, a psychiatrist, and Jones be awarded a cup and a $1 million prize from the Anheuser-Busch Corporation for?
Where did a Breitling spokesman say the entire balloon crew would arrive Tuesday to begin a tour of the United States?
Where did a Breitling spokesman say?
What did the pilots complete when they landed in Egypt on March 21?
What will be presented to the Smithsonian Institution's Air and Space Museum?
Where will parts of the balloon envelope be kept?
Where was the Breitling built?
What did the Breitling company announce that the balloon and its crew capsule would be exhibited in until mid-July at the Lucerne Transport Museum?
What was the Winnie May?
What will Piccard, a psychiatrist, and Jones be awarded from the Anheuser-Busch Corporation for no previous attempts's feat?
What announced that the balloon and its crew capsule would be exhibited in Switzerland until mid-July at the Lucerne Transport Museum?
What will parts of the balloon envelope be kept in?
Who was the Breitling company?
What will Piccard, a psychiatrist, and Jones be awarded a cup and a $1 million prize from for no previous attempts's feat?
What did Walton Ferrell say the balloon would arrive in this autumn?
What will be kept in Switzerland?
Where did Walton Ferrell say the balloon would arrive this autumn?
Where did the Breitling company announce that the balloon and its crew capsule would be exhibited until mid-July at the Lucerne Transport Museum?
Who was built in England?
When was the airplane?
Who said the balloon would arrive in Washington this autumn?
When did a Breitling spokesman say the entire balloon crew would arrive in New York City to begin a tour of the United States?
What did Walton Ferrell say would arrive in Washington this autumn?
What did the Breitling company announce in?
Who will be awarded a cup and a $1 million prize from the Anheuser-Busch Corporation for no previous attempts's feat?
Who said the entire balloon crew would arrive in New York City Tuesday to begin a tour of the United States?
What did a Breitling spokesman say the entire balloon crew would arrive in Tuesday to begin a tour of the United States?
Where will the capsule and most of the balloon be presented?
Who was Walton Ferrell?
Who is Swiss?
Who was the mission director?
Who was a spokesman for the Air and Space Museum?
What will the capsule and most of the balloon be presented to?
What did a Breitling spokesman say the entire balloon crew would arrive in New York City Tuesday to begin?
What did Walton Ferrell say in?
Where did the Breitling company announce?
What did a Breitling spokesman say in?
What did a Breitling spokesman say would arrive in New York City Tuesday to begin a tour of the United States?
What was the Breitling built in?
Where did Walton Ferrell say?
When did Walton Ferrell say the balloon would arrive in Washington?
What will Piccard, a psychiatrist, and Jones be awarded from the Anheuser-Busch Corporation for their feat?
What did a Breitling spokesman say the entire balloon crew would arrive in New York City Tuesday to begin a tour of?
Who was Alan Noble?
Who will be awarded a cup and a $1 million prize from the Anheuser-Busch Corporation for their feat?
What came even close?
Who completed their three-week trip when they landed in Egypt on March 21?
What will Piccard, a psychiatrist, and Jones be awarded a cup and a $1 million prize from for their feat?
Who is British?
What was the Breitling company a maker of?
When did the Breitling company announce that the balloon and its crew capsule would be exhibited in Switzerland?
Whose journey began in Rockford on Feb. 22?
What was Homewood?
What does he communicate with by e-mail and satellite phone?
What did the first end several hours after when his balloon burst?
When did his journey begin in Rockford?
What did the first end several hours after when Kevin Uliassi's balloon burst?
Who was Uliassi's balloon?
What did Scott Lorenz say after some slow going in the early days of the flight, at midweek was traveling at about 100 miles an hour?
Who was the pilot?
What is this?
When did the first end after liftoff when Kevin Uliassi's balloon burst?
What was Rockford?
Who was Scott Lorenz?
Whose balloon did Scott Lorenz say after some slow going in the early days of the flight, found better winds?
What is Uliassi in?
What was the first two Bertrand Piccard of Switzerland and Brian Jones of?
What has Kevin Uliassi spent with an oxygen mask strapped on his face?
Whose balloon was the J. Renee?
What does he communicate with his volunteer support team by?
What was the first two Bertrand Piccard of of Britain?
What did the crew compartment mark?
Who did Uliassi design the 140-foot balloon with some assistance from?
Who designed the 140-foot balloon with some assistance from his wife?
What marked the dimensions around Kevin Uliassi?
What has he spent with an oxygen mask strapped on his face?
Who is well rested and in good spirits despite the cramped conditions and thunderstorms over Egypt that bounced the craft up and down?
What does the air keep from contracting at night, helping the balloon to maintain altitude?
Who has spent most of the trip with an oxygen mask strapped on his face?
What did his journey begin in on Feb. 22?
Who was anticipating thunderstorms?
What does the Rozier type use?
Who is flying a hybrid balloon called a Rozier type like those two?
What has Kevin Uliassi spent most of the trip with?
What did Uliassi design the 140-foot balloon with from his wife?
Whose second attempt to fly around the world is this?
Who had it to do all over again?
Who said from the mission's headquarters in Homewood near Chicago, ``The plan is to fly south of the Himalayas''?
Who is Uliassi flying in an unpressurized crew compartment unlike?
Where did Kevin Uliassi's journey begin on Feb. 22?
What does Kevin Uliassi communicate with by e-mail and satellite phone?
How many huge sealed nylon bags does the Rozier type use?
What was Ill.?
Who said after some slow going in the early days of the flight, Uliassi's balloon at midweek was traveling at about 100 miles an hour?
Who was speeding over India Thursday, hoping to steer clear of the Himalayas?
Whose balloon did Scott Lorenz say after some slow going in the early days of the flight, at midweek was traveling at about 100 miles an hour?
When did the first end after liftoff when his balloon burst?
What did he have to do all over again?
What did Kevin Uliassi's journey begin in on Feb. 22?
Where did his journey begin on Feb. 22?
What are two huge sealed nylon bags?
Who said?
Who thinks he has enough to complete his trip?
What marked the dimensions around him?
What did she help him with as he lay on the floor of their Scottsdale apartment?
Who does Lorenz think has enough to complete his trip?
What does Kevin Uliassi wear?
Who was the first two?
What ended in the Egyptian desert?
What keeps the helium from contracting at night, helping the balloon to maintain altitude?
What did he have it to do over again?
What does he wear?
What is Uliassi flying like those two?
What does Kevin Uliassi communicate with his volunteer support team by?
Who was nearly halfway through his journey?
Who was Ill.?
What is the air heated by?
Who had an unpressurized crew compartment to do all over again?
What is heated by propane burners?
Who communicates with his volunteer support team by e-mail and satellite phone?
What was the pilot nearly halfway through?
Who did she help with the crew compartment as he lay on the floor of their Scottsdale apartment?
When did Kevin Uliassi's journey begin in Rockford?
Who was a spokesman?
What did Scott Lorenz say after some slow going in the early days of the flight, Uliassi's balloon found?
What is he expected to do in the next several days before heading out over the Pacific?
What is Kevin Uliassi expected to do in the next several days before heading out over the Pacific?
What ended several hours after liftoff when his balloon burst?
What is Uliassi's second attempt to fly around the world?
What has Kevin Uliassi spent most of with an oxygen mask strapped on his face?
Who said after some slow going in the early days of the flight, Uliassi's balloon found better winds?
What did Scott Lorenz say after some slow going in the early days of the flight, found better winds?
What is Uliassi flying a hybrid balloon called a Rozier type like?
What was Bertrand Piccard of Switzerland and Brian Jones of Britain?
What did Lorenz say from, ``The plan is to fly south of the Himalayas''?
What are one containing helium and the other air?
What did Kevin Uliassi have to do all over again?
Who lay on the floor of their Scottsdale apartment?
Who was a mechanical engineer?
Who thinks Kevin Uliassi has enough to complete his trip?
What did he lie on?
What is Uliassi flying in unlike Piccard and Jones?
Who 'll be able to do that?
What ended several hours after liftoff when Kevin Uliassi's balloon burst?
Who is flying in an unpressurized crew compartment unlike Piccard and Jones?
What did Kevin Uliassi have an unpressurized crew compartment to do over again?
What uses two huge sealed nylon bags?
What does Lorenz think?
What began in Rockford on Feb. 22?
How many huge sealed nylon bags are one containing helium and the other air?
Who is China expected to do in the next several days before heading out over the Pacific?
What does Uliassi have?
What has he spent most of with an oxygen mask strapped on his face?
Who helped him with the crew compartment as he lay on the floor of their Scottsdale apartment?
What was the J. Renee?
Who has permission to fly over China?
What did Scott Lorenz say after some slow going in the early days of the flight, Uliassi's balloon at midweek was traveling at?
What did the first two end in?
Who was Uliassi?
What completed a 20-day trip together last March?
Who was Kevin Uliassi?
What has he spent most of the trip with?
Who wears a sensor on a finger that will sound an alarm if the level of oxygen in his blood gets too low?
Where did the first two end?
Who was flying at 31,000 feet?
What did Uliassi design with some assistance from his wife?
What was Rival Branson on here to wish his competitors well?
What does Rival Branson own?
What was Chateau D'oex?
What is expected to take about two weeks?
Who lifted off this morning in the Breitling Orbiter from Chateau D'oex above Lake Geneva for a journey aimed at circumnavigating Earth?
Where did GENEVA take off from a lake-side mountain Sunday in the latest bid to balloon non-stop around the world?
What did Swiss Bertrand Piccard and GENEVA Wim Verstraeten lift off this morning in the Breitling Orbiter from Chateau D'oex above for a journey aimed at circumnavigating Earth?
What did Swiss Bertrand Piccard and GENEVA Wim Verstraeten lift off this morning in from Chateau D'oex above Lake Geneva for a journey aimed at circumnavigating Earth?
What did GENEVA take off from a lake-side mountain in the Swiss Alps in the latest bid to balloon non-stop around the world?
Whose own bid to fly around the world non-stop in 18 days was scuttled last Wednesday due to a technical hitch?
Where did Swiss Bertrand Piccard and GENEVA Wim Verstraeten lift off this morning from Chateau D'oex above Lake Geneva for a journey aimed at circumnavigating Earth?
What did Swiss Bertrand Piccard and his Belgian team-member Wim Verstraeten lift off this morning in the Breitling Orbiter from Chateau D'oex above Lake Geneva for?
When did Swiss Bertrand Piccard and GENEVA Wim Verstraeten lift off in the Breitling Orbiter from Chateau D'oex above Lake Geneva for a journey aimed at circumnavigating Earth?
Who was on hand here to wish his competitors well?
What did Swiss Bertrand Piccard and his Belgian team-member Wim Verstraeten lift off this morning in from Chateau D'oex above Lake Geneva for a journey aimed at circumnavigating Earth?
What did GENEVA take off from a lake-side mountain in Sunday in the latest bid to balloon non-stop around the world?
When was Rival Branson's own bid to fly around the world non-stop in 18 days scuttled due to a technical hitch?
Who was Switzerland?
What did GENEVA take off from in the Swiss Alps Sunday in the latest bid to balloon non-stop around the world?
What was January 12-- A Swiss-Belgian team?
When was GENEVA?
Where did Swiss Bertrand Piccard and his Belgian team-member Wim Verstraeten lift off this morning from Chateau D'oex above Lake Geneva for a journey aimed at circumnavigating Earth?
When was his own bid to fly around the world non-stop in 18 days scuttled due to a technical hitch?
What took off from a lake-side mountain in the Swiss Alps Sunday in the latest bid to balloon non-stop around the world?
What did GENEVA take off from a lake-side mountain in the Swiss Alps Sunday in?
What did Swiss Bertrand Piccard and GENEVA Wim Verstraeten lift off this morning in the Breitling Orbiter from above Lake Geneva for a journey aimed at circumnavigating Earth?
Who owns the British Virgin Group?
What did Swiss Bertrand Piccard and GENEVA Wim Verstraeten lift off this morning in the Breitling Orbiter from Chateau D'oex above Lake Geneva for?
What was scuttled last Wednesday due to a technical hitch?
What was January 12-- A Swiss and a Belgium?
What had fuel from the heating system leaked into?
What had leaked into the cabin?
Who were rescued by French helicopters in the Mediterranean where their balloon landed because fuel from the heating system had leaked into the cabin by Swiss Radio International?
What were the two men rescued by by Swiss Radio International?
What are reportedly safe and sound?
Who are reportedly safe and sound?
What did they take off from?
What is the pressured cabin in which the two were staying of?
Who were Bertrand Piccard and Wim Verstraeten?
How many men were Bertrand Piccard and Wim Verstraeten?
What were the two men rescued by French helicopters in the Mediterranean where their balloon landed because fuel from the heating system had leaked into the cabin by?
What were the two men by?
What is of five tons with a dimension of five meters long and two meters wide?
When was GENEVA?
Who were the two men?
Who took off from the Swiss Alpine resort of Chateau d'Oex this morning?
What took off from the Swiss Alpine resort of Chateau d'Oex this morning?
What has british entrepreneur Richard Branson declared after an aborted mission in December?
What was January 7?
What had the team been due to lift-off from Chateau d'oex in morning?
What has british entrepreneur Richard Branson declared his bid to jump into the race again in mid-January after?
When had the team been due to lift-off from Chateau d'oex in the Swiss alps on Thursday?
What had been due to lift-off from Chateau d'oex in the Swiss alps on Thursday morning?
What did a spokesman say on Wednesday have delayed their start by 24 hours to Friday to take advantage of more favourable winds?
What had the team been due to in the Swiss alps on Thursday morning?
What was composed of Bertrand Piccard, Wim Verstraeten and Andy Elson?
Who said however, winds announced for Friday seem to be better?
What did Zwingmann say however, seem to be better?
Who has declared his bid to jump into the race again in mid-January after an aborted mission in December?
Who said, ``The weather is perfect for Friday''?
Who was the team composed of?
When was GENEVA?
What did their 53-meter-high combined helium and hot-air balloon slowly lift off at in cold, calm air with 5,000 spectators on hand to wish it a safe journey?
Whose plan was to soar quickly to nearly 8,000 meters?
Who did their 53-meter-high combined helium and hot-air balloon slowly lift off at 9:55 a. m. in cold, calm air with to wish it a safe journey?
What was organizers?
Whose plan was to drift towards Italy and Greece?
What is scheduled to complete its globe-girdling adventure in 10 to 20 days?
Who did Pilots Bertrand Piccard from Switzerland and Wim Verstraeten from Belgium, plus flight engineer Andy Elson from Britain, depart from?
Who departed from Chateau d'Oex?
What said?
What was to soar quickly to nearly 8,000 meters?
What was January 28?
What briefly descended?
What slowly lifted off at 9:55 a. m. in cold, calm air with 5,000 spectators on hand to wish it a safe journey?
What was to drift towards Italy and Greece?
When was GENEVA?
What rose again when the crew dropped ballast from their bright orange pressurized basket?
Who was the balloon?
What did their 53-meter-high combined helium and hot-air balloon slowly lift off at 9:55 a. m. in with 5,000 spectators on hand to wish it a safe journey?
What do they hope to ride jetstreams that should move them along in an east-bound direction at around 200 kilometers an hour at?
What does british entrepreneur Richard Branson plan to set off from in a few days in a rival attempt to circle the world?
When does the balloonists ' plan reach the Middle East?
Who plans to set off from Morocco in a few days in a rival attempt to circle the world?
Who do the balloonists hope to ride at 10,000 meters?
If luck holds, what will Brietling Orbiter II complete in 10 to 20 days?
What was January 28-- Three Europeans?
Who do they hope to ride at 10,000 meters?
Who said GENEVA were preparing Wednesday to set off from Switzerland in the quest to circle the world non-stop in a balloon?
Whose plan is to soar quickly to nearly 8,000 meters?
If luck holds, what will complete its globe-girdling adventure in 10 to 20 days?
What is to drift towards Italy and Greece?
When does british entrepreneur Richard Branson plan to set off from Morocco?
What does the balloonists ' plan reach on Saturday?
Who hope to ride jetstreams that should move them along in an east-bound direction at around 200 kilometers an hour at 10,000 meters?
Who wished the Brietling Orbiter II team good luck?
What did british entrepreneur Richard Branson wish the Brietling Orbiter II team?
When was GENEVA?
What did british entrepreneur Richard Branson wish team good luck?
What do the balloonists hope to ride jetstreams that should move them along in an east-bound direction at around 200 kilometers an hour at?
What reaches the Middle East on Saturday?
Whose plan reaches the Middle East on Saturday?
What did spokesman Gerard Sermier say were preparing Wednesday to set off from Switzerland in the quest to circle the world non-stop in a balloon?
Whose plan is to drift towards Italy and Greece?
What hope to ride jetstreams that should move them along in an east-bound direction at around 200 kilometers an hour at 10,000 meters?
If luck holds, when will Brietling Orbiter II complete its globe-girdling adventure?
What is to soar quickly to nearly 8,000 meters?
Where did the 54-meter-high silver balloon float 9 degrees west to complete the 41,841-kilometer-plus circumnavigation?
Who was Piccard, the 41-year-old psychiatrist, and Jones?
What did the 54-meter-high silver balloon set a record for an around-the-world voyage without?
What did the 54-meter-high silver balloon float over 9 degrees west to complete the 41,841-kilometer-plus circumnavigation?
Who was a 51-year-old instructor and grandfather?
What did the 54-meter-high silver balloon set for an around-the-world voyage without a stop?
What kept them southwest of their goal?
Who had intended to land near the pyramids on the outskirts of Cairo?
What was March 21?
What set a record for an around-the-world voyage without a stop?
What did the 54-meter-high silver balloon set a record for without a stop?
What kept Swiss Bertrand Piccard and British Brian Jones southwest of their goal?
What floated over Mauritania Saturday past longitude 9 degrees west to complete the 41,841-kilometer-plus circumnavigation?
What had Piccard, a 41-year-old psychiatrist, and Jones intended to land near?
When was CAIRO?
What did the 54-meter-high silver balloon float over Mauritania Saturday past longitude 9 degrees west to complete?
What did GENEVA say Wednesday?
What did Piccard of Switzerland and Briton Jones join the first man on as recipients of the higly-valued award?
Who did GENEVA say Wednesday that they will award?
Who joined the first man on the moon, American astronaut Neil Armstrong, and other aeronautical legends such as Charles Lindbergh as recipients of the higly-valued award?
What said Wednesday that they will award the Olympic Order to balloonists Bertrand Piccard and Brian Jones who are the first to circumnavigate the world in a balloon?
When was GENEVA?
What was March 24-- The International Olympic Committee?
When did GENEVA say that they will award the Olympic Order to balloonists Bertrand Piccard and Brian Jones who are the first to circumnavigate the world in a balloon?
