Who did Mrs. Johnson say was always at work on his computer?
What did Barton later commit when police closed in on him in his dark green van at a gas station in northern Atlanta?
Who had been living with his two children from a previous marriage in the southern suburb?
When did Police say the children were respectively?
What did Cindy Northcutt say?''
Who said Mark Barton was never charged?
Whose apartment were the bodies of Mrs. Barton and the children found in after Barton went on the rampage at two brokerage offices?
What did Police say was found in the living room explaining his actions?
Who had Barton split up with earlier this year?
Who did she say took them out every Tuesday?
How many children were in Barton's custody after the slayings?
When did Christine Johnson say Barton had lived in Morrow?
Who were the children?
Who is located at Henry County?
Who were Michelle and Matthew?
What did Barton rent?
When said Mark Barton took that out every Tuesday?
What had two children?
Who later committed suicide when police closed in on him in his dark green van at a gas station in northern Atlanta?
What did Barton go on the rampage at?
What said Barton went to church and was a Scout master of her grandson's troop?
Who said, ``He had other things on his mind''?
Who was Barton?
What were the children in?
Who did Mrs. Johnson say seldom left his house?
What did Police say in?
Who never showed up?
What is Stockbridge located at?
What was Mark Barton making?
Who did Police say were ages 7 and 12 respectively?
Where is Stockbridge located?
When had Barton split up with his wife?
What was Mark Barton's wife in?
Where were Barton's first wife and mother-in-law bludgeoned to death in 1993?
When did Police in Henry County say handwritten notes left on the bodies indicated that Mrs. Barton may have been killed Tuesday and the children?
Who were bludgeoned to death at a campground in northeast Alabama in 1993?
Who did the couple have?
What were two children in after the slayings?
Who drove by in his van?
What did she say?
Who was the 44-year-old day trader at the center of Thursday's bloody rampage?
What did Mark Barton leave?
Who did the children tell they were moving to nearby Stockbridge to live with their stepmother?
Who was neighbors in the Atlanta suburb of Morrow's stepmother identified by?
Who did neighbors in Morrow say was active in the Girl Scouts?
Who was Mark Barton described by neighbors in the Atlanta suburb of Morrow as?
Whose custody were two children in after the slayings?
Who did the children tell neighbors they were moving to to live with their stepmother?
What said the children were ages 7 and 12 respectively?
How many people did Barton kill?
Who was 58?
Who lived on the same street as Barton in Morrow?
What was Mark Barton expected at?
What did Mrs. Johnson say Barton was always at?
What did he not seem friendly at?
Who said Mrs. Barton was active in the Girl Scouts?
When did the three of them move out?
Who said, ``He looked odd to me''?
What did authorities say?
When did Police in Henry County say handwritten notes left on the bodies indicated that Mrs. Barton may have been killed and the children on Wednesday?
Who did Morrow say took that out every Tuesday?
Who said Barton had lived in Morrow for about a year?
When were Barton's first wife and mother-in-law bludgeoned to death at a campground in northeast Alabama?
Who said Barton was always at work on his computer?
What was Christine Johnson?
When did Cindy Northcutt live on the same street as Barton?
How many children did the couple have?
What were Barton's first wife and mother-in-law bludgeoned to at a campground in northeast Alabama in 1993?
What was to walk around the neighborhood for exercise?
Who did not seem friendly at all?
Who had Barton been living with from a previous marriage in the southern suburb?
What did neighbors in Morrow say Mrs. Barton was active in?
Who killed nine people?
What was she expected at?
Who had split up with his wife earlier this year?
What did Police say?
Whose wife was in a closet?
Who was making an effort to have something to do with you?
Who did authorities say Barton was?
Who was identified by a neighbor as Lee Ann Barton?
Who did Christine Johnson say had lived in Morrow for about a year?
Who did another acquaintance in Morrow say went to church and was a Scout master of her grandson's troop?
Who said Barton ``always seemed preoccupied?''
What did Christine Johnson live away?
What said a typed note was found in the living room explaining his actions?
Who did the children tell neighbors were moving to nearby Stockbridge to live with their stepmother?
What said handwritten notes left on the bodies indicated that Mrs. Barton may have been killed Tuesday and the children on Wednesday?
What did another acquaintance in Morrow say to?
What did Police say a typed note was found in?
Who said Barton seldom left his house?
Who was expected at an outing?
What was that about?
Who said he was never charged?
Who was Mark Barton described by as a quiet, churchgoing man who worked all day on his computer?
Who said, ``Mark Barton kept to himself''?
Who went on the rampage at two brokerage offices?
What was his wife in?
What was about it?
Who were in their beds?
When was Marsha Jean DeFreese?
What did Barton kill?
What did neighbors in Morrow say in?
What did Morrow say?
What were the bodies of Mrs. Barton and the children found in after Barton went on the rampage at two brokerage offices?
Who was their stepmother identified by?
Who was a chemist?
How many doors did Christine Johnson live away?
Who said Barton was the prime suspect?
What did Mrs. Johnson say Barton seldom left?
Who did Police in Henry County say handwritten notes left on the bodies indicated that Mrs. Barton may have been killed Tuesday on Wednesday?
When said, ``Mark Barton looked odd to me''?
What moved out over the July 4th weekend?
Who did leave the house?
What did he leave?
What were Barton's first wife and mother-in-law bludgeoned to death at in 1993?
Who did the children tell neighbors to?
Who said, ``Mark Barton had other things on his mind''?
What was he making?
Who was Morrow?
What did Cindy Northcutt live on in Morrow?
What had Barton been living with his two children from?
Who rented a neatly kept, two-story house in a modestly priced residential neighborhood?
When did Christine Johnson say Barton had lived for about a year?
What was Cindy Northcutt?
Who was in a closet?
Who was described by neighbors in the Atlanta suburb of Morrow as a quiet, churchgoing man who worked all day on his computer?
Whose first wife and mother-in-law were bludgeoned to death at a campground in northeast Alabama in 1993?
What did Police in Henry County say indicated that Mrs. Barton may have been killed Tuesday and the children on Wednesday?
Who said he took them out every Tuesday?
What were two children in Barton's custody after?
What did the children tell neighbors were moving to nearby Stockbridge to live with their stepmother?
Who did authorities say was never charged?
Who were in Barton's custody after the slayings?
Who did authorities say was the prime suspect?
Who told neighbors they were moving to nearby Stockbridge to live with their stepmother?
Who was Mark Barton?
When did Police in Henry County say handwritten notes left on the bodies indicated?
What were found in Mrs. Barton's apartment after Barton went on the rampage at two brokerage offices?
What did Barton go on at two brokerage offices?
Who was 38?
When did Police in Henry County say?
What did Mark Barton not seem friendly at?
Who lived two doors away?
Who said, ``He kept to himself''?
What did Ms. Jones tell WSB-TV ``outside''?
What did someone leave a bouquet of outside each with a card that said, the mayor and police 'm so sorry?
Where did police close in on Barton about five hours after the shootings in Atlanta?
What was a day trading firm in the Piedmont Center?
How many brokerage firms just got really quiet?
What does All-Tech require each day trader to put up at least $50,000 in equity to open?
Who turned to shoot at other people?
Who did he say around the same time, Barton approached in the parking lot?
What were thirteen people injured at the two brokerage firms by bullets and others by?
Who do I really wish had not killed her now?
Who wrote that he killed his children to spare two brokerage firms the pain of living without parents?
When did police close in on him in Atlanta's northern suburbs after the shootings in Atlanta?
Who said Barton worked as a chemist before he began trading stocks?
What did a woman say around, Barton approached a woman in the parking lot?
Who was my honey?
What was the Colt registered to?
How many hours did some huddle in their cubicles after the shootings?
What did Barton tell Morgan Lyle?
Who did a woman say around the same time, attempted to take Morgan Lyle's vehicle?
Who was Ala.?
What did he say around the same time, Barton approached a woman in?
Who was already at work?
What did the note make no direct reference to Thursday's slayings at?
What closed in on Barton in Atlanta's northern suburbs about five hours after the shootings in Atlanta?
What was it in a grisly wave of mass slayings at schools and workplaces?
What has speculation on a motive centered on as a day trader?
What did Barton write?
Who did Ms. Jones tell ``I was sitting outside the door when he exited''?
What was she one of as I planned to kill the others?
What just got really quiet?
Who really wishes I had not killed her now?
Who did Barton write that he killed to spare two brokerage firms the pain of living without parents?
Who said today, ``Morgan Lyle was able to run away and contact security''?
Who did I kill because she was one of the main reasons for my demise as I planned to kill the others?
What did a chemist begin trading?
Who took a break to sip a Diet Coke?
Who did Campbell say Barton worked as before he began trading stocks?
Who requires each day trader to put up at least $50,000 in equity to open an account?
What told workers to stay in two brokerage firms's offices?
What did the shooting rampage and the ensuing manhunt stun?
What did some huddle in four hours after the shootings?
What did the note make at the two brokerage firms in Atlanta?
What did Ms. Jones tell WSB-TV ``I was sitting outside when he exited''?
What was Barton's 27-year-old wife?
When did police spokesman Dana Pierce say, ``Morgan Lyle was able to run away and contact security''?
Who was a day trader at All-Tech?
Who was wearing khaki shorts when he walked into the Momentum Securities day trading firm in the Two Securities Centre building about 3 p. m. Thursday?
Who is the day trader?
What employs a psychotherapist to help traders?
What did Barton also express?
What did four remain in today?
What is the stock market?
How many hours did some huddle in workers's cubicles after the shootings?
Who did Barton tell Morgan Lyle would shoot her if she screamed?
Who does All-Tech require to put up at least $50,000 in equity to open an account?
What did someone leave outside each with a card that said, I 'm so sorry?
What closed in on him in Atlanta's northern suburbs about five hours after the shootings in Atlanta?
Who did authorities say six years ago, Barton was?
What did someone leave a bouquet of spring flowers outside with a card that said, I 'm so sorry?
Who wrote that he killed his children to spare them the pain of living without parents?
What was Barton carrying in each hand?
Who said Barton's note denied responsibility for those slayings and wrote, ``There's no reason for Barton to lie now?''
What stunned the city of 3. 1 million?
Who do I really wish I had not killed now?
When were four people dead?
Whose first wife and mother-in-law were bludgeoned to death in 1993 in Cedar Bluff?
What was she as I planned to kill the others?
What was the All-Tech Investment Group?
Who had Barton been?
What was someone who was very calm and determined?
Who were bludgeoned to death in 1993 in Cedar Bluff?
What were dead in less than five minutes?
What did someone leave a bouquet of spring flowers outside each with?
What did Police tell workers to stay in?
What was Barton wearing when he walked into the Momentum Securities day trading firm in the Two Securities Centre building about 3 p. m. Thursday?
What did someone leave a bouquet of outside each with a card that said, I 'm so sorry?
What did Ms. Harvard say were recovered from Barton's van?
What did Barton buy in 1993?
Who was the district attorney at the time of the killings?
Who said, ``He was the No. 1 suspect all the way through and still was''?
Who was the first person to look into his eyes?
Whose work has speculation on a motive centered on as a day trader?
Who said she was sitting at her computer when she heard shots?
When did police spokesman Dana Pierce say, ``She was able to run away and contact security''?
Who also expressed regret for killing his 27-year-old wife?
What was it the latest in a grisly wave of mass slayings at?
What was Barton's honey?
Who did Barton write that he killed to spare them the pain of living without parents?
What was able to escape?
What did some huddle in workers's cubicles four hours after?
Who did he say around the same time, approached a woman in the parking lot?
Where did a woman say around the same time, Barton approached a woman?
What was Barton wearing when President Clinton walked into the Momentum Securities day trading firm in the Two Securities Centre building about 3 p. m. Thursday?
Where did police close in on him about five hours after the shootings in Atlanta?
What were Barton's first wife and mother-in-law bludgeoned to death in 1993 in?
What did police close in on him in Atlanta's northern suburbs about five hours after?
Who said Barton's unoccupied minivan was eventually spotted by security guards at Town Center Mall in Atlanta's northwest suburbs?
What does All-Tech require each day trader to put up to open an account?
What did Allegiance Telecom sales manager Eric Blaier take?
What did police close in on Barton in about five hours after the shootings in Atlanta?
Who left a bouquet of spring flowers outside each with a card that said, the mayor and police 'm so sorry?
What were some?
What did Police tell workers to lock?
What told workers to stay in their offices?
Who left a bouquet of spring flowers outside each with a card that said, I 'm so sorry?
What were thirteen people injured at the two brokerage firms by by their frantic attempts to avoid the killer?
Who bless the mayor and police?
How many brokerage firms were some?
Whose honey was my precious love?
Who told Morgan Lyle a woman would shoot her if she screamed?
Who did police begin following north on Interstate 75?
Who was 51?
Who was wearing khaki shorts when President Clinton walked into the Momentum Securities day trading firm in the Two Securities Centre building about 3 p. m. Thursday?
What was Barton?
What just tried to stay calm?
What did Mercer say?''
Who did Barton tell he would shoot her if she screamed?
What do I really wish?
Who said around the same time, Barton approached a woman in the parking lot?
What died there?
What was Nell Jones?
Who said around the same time, Barton attempted to take Morgan Lyle's vehicle?
Who said, ``He had swings up and down''?
What ended when Barton shot himself as police cornered him at a service station in Acworth of Atlanta and roughly five miles from the mall?
Who did I plan to kill?
What was he apparently concerned about?
Who bought it in 1993?
Who did Ms. Jones tell ``Barton was sitting outside the door when he exited''?
Who was one of the main reasons for my demise as I planned to kill the others?
What began following him north on Interstate 75?
Who was Leigh Ann?
Who walked across a busy six-lane road?
Who was registered to Barton?
What did Ms. Harvard say two weapons, a 9 mm Glock and a. 45- caliber Colt, and a duffel bag full of ammunition were recovered from?
What did he say around, Barton attempted to take her vehicle?
What was the ensuing manhunt the latest in at schools and workplaces?
What began following Barton north on Interstate 75?
What does Chris Carter work on?
What was Chris Carter?
Who said six years ago, Barton was a suspect in the bludgeoning deaths of his first wife and her mother?
What had Barton been a customer of?
Who planned to kill the others?
What did a woman say around the same time, Barton attempted to take?
Who just got really quiet?
Who was 53?
What was it the latest in at schools and workplaces?
What did police say today ATLANTA-- The investor who killed his family and nine people at two brokerage firms vowed in a note to kill ?
Who said around the same time, Barton attempted to take her vehicle?
Who said Barton's note denied responsibility for those slayings and wrote, ``There's no reason for me to lie now?''
Who did Cobb County Cmdr say Barton's unoccupied minivan was eventually spotted by?
Who was Richard Igou?
Who did Campbell say worked as a chemist before he began trading stocks?
What were made?
Who was 44?
What did WSB-TV turn to shoot at?
When did four remain in critical condition?
Who gaze at the TV satellite trucks parked outside?
What was Allegiance Telecom sales manager Eric Blaier already at?
Who began trading stocks?
Who said, ``Barton was pulled over, and then killed himself''?
What did Ms. Jones tell WSB-TV ``Barton was sitting outside when he exited''?
When did Barton buy the shooting rampage?
What was the ensuing manhunt in a grisly wave of mass slayings at schools and workplaces?
What has centered on Barton's work as a day trader?
Who did Police tell to lock the doors?
What did Barton walk across?
Who was his 27-year-old wife?
Who said, ``In the game of telecom sales, it's business as usual''?
Who had been a customer of both firms?
What were open?
Whose 27-year-old wife was Leigh Ann?
What was my honey?
What do Allegiance Telecom sales manager Eric Blaier gaze at?
When were all of them dead?
Who killed himself Thursday evening as police closed in on him in Atlanta's northern suburbs about five hours after the shootings in Atlanta?
What did Ms. Harvard say from?
Who is an investor who attempts to profit from moment-by-moment changes in the stock market?
Whose van did Ms. Harvard say from?
What was registered to someone in Texas?
When did some huddle in workers's cubicles after the shootings?
Who was no feelings?
Who did Police tell to stay in their offices?
Whose note did Mercer say denied responsibility for those slayings and wrote, ``There's no reason for Barton to lie now?''
Where were Barton's first wife and mother-in-law bludgeoned to death in 1993?
Who was 32?
What did Nell Jones say she was sitting at when she heard shots?
Whose note did Mercer say denied responsibility for those slayings and wrote, ``There's no reason for me to lie now?''
When did police close in on Barton in Atlanta's northern suburbs after the shootings in Atlanta?
Who said, ``He was pulled over, and then killed himself''?
What did he begin trading?
What did a woman say around the same time, Barton approached a woman in?
What had he been a customer of?
What were Barton's first wife and mother-in-law bludgeoned to in Cedar Bluff?
Who did authorities say six years ago, was a suspect in the bludgeoning deaths of his first wife and her mother?
What did Barton return to?
Who said, ``two brokerage firms are not sure why or how Mr. Barton came into possession''?
What huddled in their cubicles four hours after the shootings?
Who did police close in on in Atlanta's northern suburbs about five hours after the shootings in Atlanta?
What did the bullet miss?
Who did Barton tell her would shoot her if she screamed?
What did a woman say around, Barton attempted to take Morgan Lyle's vehicle?
What was his 27-year-old wife?
What missed me?
When did some huddle in their cubicles after the shootings?
Who has speculation on a motive centered on Barton's work as?
Who does the company employ?
Who bless you?
Who told WSB-TV ``I was sitting outside the door when he exited''?
What was Barton carrying a pistol in?
Who bought the shooting rampage in 1993?
What is a risky trading method?
What did he say around the same time, Barton attempted to take?
Whose cubicles did some huddle in four hours after the shootings?
Who told WSB-TV ``Barton was sitting outside the door when he exited''?
Who do God bless?
Who wrote, ``I do not plan to live very much longer, just long enough to kill. . . the people that greedily sought my destruction''?
What was I?
Who returned to his van?
What does Blaier work on?
Who did Ms. Jones tell WSB-TV ``was sitting outside the door when he exited''?
Who did a woman say around the same time, approached a woman in the parking lot?
What told workers to lock the doors?
Who works on the building's third floor?
What did police say today vowed in a note to kill ``the people that greedily sought my destruction''?
Who said, ``I saw a lot of blood in the hallway''?
Who did he say around the same time, attempted to take her vehicle?
What were dead within minutes?
Who was carrying a pistol in each hand?
What were thirteen people injured at by bullets and others by their frantic attempts to avoid the killer?
How many people were dead within minutes?
When expressed sadness at the bloodshed?
Who was Nell Jones?
What did he say around, Barton approached a woman in the parking lot?
Whose 27-year-old wife was my honey?
Who said, ``two brokerage firms put the furniture up against the door and barricaded ourselves in''?
What did the shooting rampage and the ensuing manhunt stun the city of?
Who did Barton tell her he would shoot if she screamed?
Who had he been?
Who did Police tell to stay in two brokerage firms's offices?
Who did Nell Jones say was sitting at her computer when she heard shots?
What was my precious love?
Who was the Glock registered to?
Who did Barton plan to kill?
Who said, ``mother-in-law was the No. 1 suspect all the way through and still was''?
Who said two weapons, a 9 mm Glock and a. 45- caliber Colt, and a duffel bag full of ammunition were recovered from Barton's van?
What did Nell Jones say at?
How many brokerage firms just tried to stay calm?
What huddled in workers's cubicles four hours after the shootings?
What did police close in on in Atlanta's northern suburbs about five hours after the shootings in Atlanta?
What did today express at the bloodshed?
What did Mercer say denied responsibility for those slayings and wrote, ``There's no reason for Barton to lie now?''
Who said, ``we are not sure why or how Mr. Barton came into possession''?
What was Cedar Bluff?
What made no direct reference to Thursday's slayings at the two brokerage firms in Atlanta?
What did today express sadness at?
When were all of there dead?
Who did the bullet miss?
What was the ensuing manhunt the latest in a grisly wave of mass slayings at?
Who wrote?
What was the latest in a grisly wave of mass slayings at schools and workplaces?
What remained in critical condition today?
Who works on the same floor where four victims were killed?
Who told her he would shoot her if she screamed?
What did police close in on him in about five hours after the shootings in Atlanta?
What did Cobb County Cmdr say was eventually spotted by security guards at Town Center Mall in Atlanta's northwest suburbs?
Who did Barton tell a woman would shoot her if she screamed?
What did police begin following Barton north on?
What did police close in on Barton in Atlanta's northern suburbs about five hours after?
Who did a woman say around the same time, Barton approached in the parking lot?
What did some huddle in their cubicles four hours after?
What did someone leave a bouquet of spring flowers outside with a card that said, the mayor and police 'm so sorry?
What was Morgan Lyle?
Where did he say around the same time, Barton approached a woman?
Who said, ``In the game of telecom sales, the building's business as usual''?
Who said today, ``She was able to run away and contact security''?
What did he turn to shoot at?
What were the two brokerage firms?
Whose unoccupied minivan did Cobb County Cmdr say was eventually spotted by security guards at Town Center Mall in Atlanta's northwest suburbs?
What did Mercer say denied responsibility for those slayings and wrote, ``There's no reason for me to lie now?''
What did Barton tell her?
Whose vehicle did a woman say around the same time, Barton attempted to take?
Who did Barton tell Morgan Lyle a woman would shoot if she screamed?
Who killed Leigh Ann because she was one of the main reasons for my demise as I planned to kill the others?
Who said, ``President Clinton saw a lot of blood in the hallway''?
What did someone leave outside each with a card that said, the mayor and police 'm so sorry?
What were injured at the two brokerage firms by bullets and others by their frantic attempts to avoid the killer?
Who apparently was concerned about losses?
Who said, ``We put the furniture up against the door and barricaded ourselves in''?
Who was able to escape?
What did police begin following him north on?
When did Barton buy it?
Whose note did Mercer say?''
What missed WSB-TV?
What was the mayor and police apparently concerned about?
Who was Barton's 27-year-old wife?
Who said, ``Mayor Bill Campbell had swings up and down''?
Who just tried to stay calm?
Who ruined any potential evidence?
Who was involved with another woman?
Who do investigators believe came to Alabama to ask her for a divorce?
Who did Smith say he got mad at one time because he could not convince me he did not do it?
Who was offered to pay the full amount of the policy?
What do Court records show the insurer paid on the policy?
What had they been beaten with hammer?
What did tests on Barton's company car indicate the possible presence of around the front seat?
Who was Debra Barton and her mother?
When believed: a $600,000 life insurance policy on Mark Barton's wife and a girlfriend on the side Barton had the motive?
Who had been beaten with a hammer?
What did Alabama authorities say Friday by in the aftermath of the Georgia rampage?
Whose criminal lawyer was not involved in the civil case?
What could the FBI laboratory not identify?
What did another investigator involved in the case say first became suspicious of Barton after he gave ``rehearsed'' answers during an interview?
What did investigators know Mark Barton had?
What did authorities know morally?
Who was Leigh Ann Barton?
What did authorities lack the one thing they needed to arrest him:?
What were at the campground when the women were killed?
What did they believe Barton had the motive?
What did Alabama authorities say they did not know whether Barton's second wife was the woman during?
What did Police talk with?
Who was Barton's second wife the woman had been dating during his first marriage?
Who was Barton's second wife he had been dating during his first marriage?
Who could not convince me he did not do one time?
When closed in on Mark Barton?
What closed in on him?
Who gave ``rehearsed'' answers during an interview?
Who did her ex-husband tell the New York Daily News that he said believes she helped Barton cover up his involvement in the slayings to collect the insurance policy?
Who was good to his word?
What could Danny Smith not convince me?
Who acknowledged that the murders of his family were similar to the Alabama killings in a letter left at his apartment in Henry County?
Who was Barton?
What do investigators believe Barton came to to ask her for a divorce?
Who was Danny Smith?
What did Barton write?
Who told the New York Daily News that she was?
What was a game to him?
What did Michael Hauptman say he believed?
What had been beaten with a hammer?
What did Alabama authorities say they did not know during?
Where did-- Police always suspect Mark Barton was?
What did authorities lack the one thing needed to arrest him: proof he had ever been to the camper where Debra Barton and her mother were slain?
Who also refused a polygraph test?
What did we know morally?
Who was the insurance company?
Who lacked the one thing they needed to arrest him: proof he had ever been to the camper where Debra Barton and her mother were slain?
Who said, ``Mark Barton do not know of anything authorities could have done differently''?
Who was the only suspect ever considered?
What did Barton deny?
Who killed nine people in two Atlanta stock-trading offices on Thursday, injuring 13 others?
Who were found dead on Sept. 5 inside a blood-splattered trailer at a campground along Weiss Lake?
When could authorities not prove legally?
What believed: a $600,000 life insurance policy on his wife and a girlfriend on the side Barton had the motive?
What do Court records show on?
Who knew morally that Danny Smith had done Friday?
What was Barton's second wife the woman he had been dating during?
What did tests on Barton's company car indicate around the front seat?
What did 1993 believe Barton had the motive?
Who said, ``We did not have any witnesses who could put him there''?
Who did Michael Hauptman say he believed got about $100,000?
Who could Danny Smith not convince me did not do one time?
Who could he not convince he did not do it?
Who said he got mad at me one time because he could not convince me he did not do it?
What were as many as 600 people at when the women were killed?
Who did another investigator involved in the case say police first became suspicious of after he gave ``rehearsed'' answers during an interview?
What did Mark Barton commit suicide hours after as they closed in on him?
Who knew he had a temper and an opportunity to kill?
What did we know morally that he had done?
What said?
What did authorities lack the one thing?
Who did they believe: a $600,000 life insurance policy on his wife and a girlfriend on the side had the motive?
Who do investigators believe Barton came to Alabama to ask for a divorce?
Who committed suicide hours after the Atlanta rampage as they closed in on him?
Who was an investigator with the Cherokee County district attorney's office?
What could not identify the brand of the shoe?
What was the insurance company Investors Life Insurance of?
Who was Barton's second wife?
Who were found dead in their apartment?
Who did authorities lack the one thing they needed to arrest: proof he had ever been to the camper where Debra Barton and her mother were slain?
Who believe she refused?
Who was Michael Hauptman?
When did authorities know morally that Danny Smith had done?
What did he commit suicide hours after as they closed in on him?
What did he give during an interview?
What did Smith say into?
Who was her ex-husband?
Who were the women found dead on Sept. 5 inside?
Who was Barton involved with?
What did Barton continue to deny committing?
Whose second wife was Leigh Ann Barton?
What did investigators know?
When did Barton kill nine people in two Atlanta stock-trading offices, injuring 13 others?
What did Mark Barton give during an interview?
Where did-- Police always suspect?
What did her ex-husband tell the New York Daily News that he said he believes?
Who said he believed the lawyers got about $100,000?
What could he not convince me he did not do?
What was Investors Life Insurance of Nebraska?
Who believed: a $600,000 life insurance policy on his wife and a girlfriend on the side Barton had the motive?
What did Michael Hauptman say?
What do Court records show the insurer paid $450,000 on?
What spoke on condition of anonymity?
What could we not prove legally?
What did another investigator involved in the case say police first became after he gave ``rehearsed'' answers during an interview?
What did Barton kill nine people in two Atlanta stock-trading offices on Thursday, injuring?
Who told the New York Daily News that he said he believes she helped Barton cover up his involvement in the slayings to collect the insurance policy?
What was it to him?
What could he not convince me?
Who said that after Barton remarried, he would periodically call the investigator and ask why he was a suspect in the slayings?
What did investigators know he had?
What could police analyze again?
What was Barton's criminal lawyer not involved in?
What did another investigator involved in the case say during?
Who was killed?
Who said the insurance company provided all the money went into a trust fund for the couple's two children?
What took away one possible link to Barton?
How many people in two Atlanta stock-trading offices did Barton kill on Thursday, injuring 13 others?
Whose second wife was the woman he had been dating during his first marriage?
Who do investigators believe refused?
Who denied he did it?
Who was the woman he had been dating during his first marriage?
What did-- Police always suspect Mark Barton was at?
How many others did Barton kill nine people in two Atlanta stock-trading offices on Thursday, injuring?
What did Barton acknowledge that the murders of his family were similar to in a letter left at his apartment in Henry County?
Who closed in on him?
Who believe Mark Barton refused?
What did Alabama authorities say Friday they were still troubled by the '93 killings but believed they did all they could in?
Who did Barton deny did it?
Who shot?
Who did her ex-husband tell the New York Daily News that he said he believes she helped cover up his involvement in the slayings to collect the insurance policy?
What was Henry County?
What did-- Police always suspect at?
How many people were at the campground when the women were killed?
When did Mark Barton commit after the Atlanta rampage as they closed in on him?
What did investigators find?
What talked with everyone who was at the campground that day?
Where were as many as 600 people when the women were killed?
What did the FBI laboratory take away?
What did Smith say the insurance company provided went into a trust fund for the couple's two children?
What did they believe: a $600,000 life insurance policy on his wife and a girlfriend on the side Barton had?
What did he also refuse?
Who said, ``1993 did not have any witnesses who could put Mark Barton there''?
Who prompts the killings?
Who did no one remember seeing?
What do Court records show paid $450,000 on the policy?
Who did not return messages left by The Associated Press on Friday?
Who could not prove Friday legally?
What do investigators believe?
Who could he not convince me did not do it?
Who could not prove it legally?
Who said they did not know whether Barton's second wife was the woman he had been dating during his first marriage?
What was Barton's second wife the woman during?
What remembered seeing Barton?
What did tests on Barton's company car indicate the possible presence of blood around?
Who could Danny Smith not convince he did not do one time?
What could analyze the spot again?
What did her ex-husband tell the New York Daily News that he said?
What did her ex-husband tell the New York Daily News that he said he believes she helped Barton cover up?
Who did 1993 believe: a $600,000 life insurance policy on Mark Barton's wife and a girlfriend on the side had the motive?
What did Alabama authorities say Friday were still troubled by the '93 killings but believed they did all they could in the aftermath of the Georgia rampage?
Who did Alabama authorities say did not know whether Barton's second wife was the woman he had been dating during his first marriage?
Whose criminal lawyer was Michael Hauptman?
Who was it a game to?
What did Smith say he got mad at me because he could not convince me he did not do it?
Who knew Mark Barton had a temper and an opportunity to kill?
What indicated the possible presence of blood around the front seat?
Who was David Lang?
Who did Smith say got mad at me one time because he could not convince me he did not do it?
What did Alabama authorities say did not know whether Barton's second wife was the woman he had been dating during his first marriage?
Who did authorities lack the one thing needed to arrest him: proof he had ever been to the camper where Debra Barton and her mother were slain?
How many killings did Barton continue to deny committing?
What did Mark Barton give ``rehearsed'' answers during?
Who wrote that ``there's no reason for me to lie now,''?
Who said, ``I do not know of anything we could have done differently''?
What could the FBI laboratory not identify the brand of?
Whose second wife did Alabama authorities say they did not know during?
What did Smith say provided all the money went into a trust fund for the couple's two children?
Who said Friday they were still troubled by the '93 killings but believed they did all they could in the aftermath of the Georgia rampage?
When did Alabama authorities say they were still troubled by the '93 killings but believed they did all they could in the aftermath of the Georgia rampage?
Who was Barton's criminal lawyer?
What do investigators believe to?
What does she prompt?
Where do investigators believe Barton came to ask her for a divorce?
What was Ga.?
What did her ex-husband tell that he said he believes she helped Barton cover up his involvement in the slayings to collect the insurance policy?
What did Smith say?
Who did Michael Hauptman say believed the lawyers got about $100,000?
What does Mark Barton prompt?
Who did suicide hours close in on?
What did her ex-husband tell that she was?
Who did Alabama authorities say Friday were still troubled by the '93 killings but believed they did all they could in the aftermath of the Georgia rampage?
What did authorities lack they needed to arrest him: proof he had ever been to the camper where Debra Barton and her mother were slain?
What did Smith say the insurance company provided all the money went into?
Who knew morally that he had done it?
Where do investigators believe?
Whose second wife did Alabama authorities say during?
Who believe Barton came to Alabama to ask her for a divorce?
Who refused?
Who continued to deny committing the '93 killings?
What did Barton acknowledge to in a letter left at his apartment in Henry County?
What did Smith say the insurance company provided into?
What did 1993 believe: a $600,000 life insurance policy on Mark Barton's wife and a girlfriend on the side Barton had?
What did her ex-husband tell the New York Daily News?
When could Danny Smith not convince me he did not do?
Who was the New York Daily News a game to?
What did Barton ruin?
Who did investigators know had a temper and an opportunity to kill?
What was Barton good to?
Who remarried?
What did Barton acknowledge that the murders of his family were similar to the Alabama killings in?
When did he commit after the Atlanta rampage as they closed in on him?
Who did they close in on?
What were his wife and two children found dead in?
What did Barton deny he did?
When were the women found dead inside a blood-splattered trailer at a campground along Weiss Lake?
What was a game to Danny Smith?
What did Barton kill on Thursday, injuring 13 others?
Who found bloody footprints leading out the camper door?
What was the New York Daily News to Danny Smith?
What did Alabama authorities say during?
Who could not convince me he did not do it?
Who said police first became suspicious of Barton after he gave ``rehearsed'' answers during an interview?
What did Danny Smith also refuse?
Who was Eloise Spivey?
What did Michael Hauptman say he believed the lawyers got?
What show the insurer paid $450,000 on the policy?
What do investigators believe Barton came to Alabama to ask her for?
Who did her ex-husband tell the New York Daily News that he said he believes helped Barton cover up his involvement in the slayings to collect the insurance policy?
What did Smith say he got mad at me one time because he could not convince me?
What did he give ``rehearsed'' answers during?
What did the case speak on?
What did Lang not return?
Who was not involved in the civil case?
What did Ms. Jones tell WSB-TV ``outside''?
What were found in their home in Stockbridge?
Where did Barton approach a woman in the parking lot?
Who was Richard Igou?
Who did Campbell say worked as a chemist before he began trading stocks?
What did Jimmy Mercer say the children's bodies were in?
Who was not sure if she recognized him from news reports or was afraid because of something he had said or done?
What were made?
What was a day trading firm in the Piedmont Center?
Who was Jimmy Mercer?
What does All-Tech require each day trader to put up at least $50,000 in equity to open?
When did he say, ``She was able to run away and contact security''?
Who said Barton worked as a chemist before he began trading stocks?
Who gaze at the TV satellite trucks parked outside?
What was Allegiance Telecom sales manager Eric Blaier already at?
What did someone leave a bouquet of spring flowers outside with a card that said, Mark O. Barton 'm so sorry?
Who began trading stocks?
What was it not immediately clear with?
When did seven remain in critical condition?
How many hours did some huddle in their cubicles after the shootings?
What was in a closet?
Who was Ala.?
What showed?
Who said, ``Barton was pulled over, and then killed himself''?
What was he not sure if she recognized him from news reports or was afraid because of something?
Who was already at work?
What was Barton carrying?
What did Police say to?
Who did Ms. Jones tell ``President Clinton was sitting outside the door when he exited''?
Who were Cobb County police spokesman Dana Pierce's intentions with?
What was the ensuing manhunt in a grisly wave of mass slayings at schools and workplaces?
What did Cobb County police spokesman Dana Pierce contact?
Who is the 44-year-old father, investor and former murder suspect who walked into two Atlanta brokerages and killed nine people?
What has centered on Barton's work as a day trader?
Who were none?
Who did Police tell to lock the doors?
What was it in a grisly wave of mass slayings at schools and workplaces?
What has speculation on a motive centered on as a day trader?
When did the mayor and police not know where Barton was and SWAT teams and helicopters swarmed Buckhead to look for him?
Who did Ms. Jones tell ``I was sitting outside the door when he exited''?
Who said, ``In the game of telecom sales, it's business as usual''?
What spotted Barton's dark green minivan around the same time?
What did Police say had been bludgeoned to death perhaps as long as two days before the office shootings?
How many students in nearby Conyers did a 15-year-old student shoot fatally in May?
What just got really quiet?
What were open?
What do Allegiance Telecom sales manager Eric Blaier gaze at?
What was Cobb County police spokesman Dana Pierce not sure if she recognized him from news reports or was afraid because of something?
What did Police say they had been bludgeoned to death perhaps as long as two days before?
Who was police chief in Henry County?
When did some huddle in workers's cubicles after the shootings?
Who was no feelings?
What did Police say they had been bludgeoned to perhaps as long as two days before the office shootings?
What did a chemist begin trading?
Who did Police tell to stay in their offices?
Who took a break to sip a Diet Coke?
Who did Campbell say Barton worked as before he began trading stocks?
Who requires each day trader to put up at least $50,000 in equity to open an account?
Where were Barton's first wife and mother-in-law bludgeoned to death in 1993?
What later said Mark O. Barton had killed his wife and two children before committing one of the worst workplace massacres in the nation's history?
What did someone else spot around the same time?
Who was 32?
What did the shooting rampage and the ensuing manhunt stun?
What were police up?
Who did Police say had been bludgeoned to death perhaps as long as two days before the office shootings?
Who was Barton still?
What did some huddle in four hours after the shootings?
What did Ms. Jones tell WSB-TV ``I was sitting outside when he exited''?
Who were children?
What did Nell Jones say she was sitting at when she heard shots?
What may be found in notes left with the bodies of Mayor Bill Campbell's family?
What did Ms. Jones tell WSB-TV ``President Clinton was sitting outside when he exited''?
What did someone leave a bouquet of outside each with a card that said, Mark O. Barton 'm so sorry?
Who was a day trader at All-Tech?
Who said, ``He was pulled over, and then killed himself''?
What were the bodies of Barton's 27-year-old wife, Leigh Ann, and children found in in Stockbridge?
What did he begin trading?
What have not disclosed their contents?
What is still reeling from earlier shootings that left seven people dead?
Who is the day trader?
What were Barton's first wife and mother-in-law bludgeoned to in Cedar Bluff?
What employs a psychotherapist to help traders?
Who is investors who dabble in risky, moment-by-moment changes in the stock market?
How many hours did some huddle in workers's cubicles after the shootings?
What huddled in their cubicles four hours after the shootings?
What may be found in notes left with the bodies of his family?
What were nearby Conyers?
Whose dark green minivan did someone else spot around the same time?
What did Jimmy Mercer say were in their beds?
Whose bodies did Jimmy Mercer say were in their beds?
Who does All-Tech require to put up at least $50,000 in equity to open an account?
What did someone leave outside each with a card that said, I 'm so sorry?
Who were 11-year-old Matthew and 7-year-old Elizabeth Mychelle?
When did some huddle in their cubicles after the shootings?
Who did Barton approach in the parking lot at Town Center Mall in Atlanta's northwest suburbs?
What did Barton approach a woman in at Town Center Mall in Atlanta's northwest suburbs?
What did Cobb County police spokesman Dana Pierce say about five hours after the shootings, Barton showed up at?
Who has speculation on a motive centered on Barton's work as?
When did company officials say Allegiance Telecom sales manager Eric Blaier had not traded?
What did someone leave a bouquet of spring flowers outside with a card that said, I 'm so sorry?
What did he approach a woman in the parking lot at?
What have police not disclosed?
Who bless you?
What stunned the city of 3. 1 million?
Who does the company employ?
What were twelve people injured by?
Who was still a suspect?
What was not immediately clear what relationship Barson had with the Momentum firm?
Who told WSB-TV ``I was sitting outside the door when he exited''?
When were four people dead?
When was Barton's family slain earlier?
When did Cobb County police spokesman Dana Pierce say, ``She was able to run away and contact security''?
Whose first wife and mother-in-law were bludgeoned to death in 1993 in Cedar Bluff?
Where did Cobb County police spokesman Dana Pierce say about five hours after the shootings, Barton showed up?
Where did he approach a woman in the parking lot?
How many people were injured by bullets and others's frantic attempts to avoid the killer?
What was the All-Tech Investment Group?
Who did Authorities later say had killed his wife and two children before committing one of the worst workplace massacres in the nation's history?
What did Barton approach a woman in the parking lot at?
When did company officials say?
What was slain earlier in the week?
What was someone who was very calm and determined?
Who were bludgeoned to death in 1993 in Cedar Bluff?
Who said about five hours after the shootings, Barton showed up at Town Center Mall in Atlanta's northwest suburbs?
How many people were injured by their frantic attempts to avoid the killer?
Who was he not sure if she recognized him from news reports or was afraid because of something had said or done?
What did someone leave a bouquet of spring flowers outside each with?
Whose frantic attempts to avoid the killer were twelve people injured by?
What did Police tell workers to stay in?
What is Atlanta still reeling from?
Whose cubicles did some huddle in four hours after the shootings?
Who said Allegiance Telecom sales manager Eric Blaier had not traded since April at the firm where five of his victims died?
Who did Authorities later say he had killed before committing one of the worst workplace massacres in the nation's history?
What did seven remain in today?
Who do God bless?
Who said the victims were shot with 9 mm and. 45- caliber handguns?
What did someone leave a bouquet of outside each with a card that said, I 'm so sorry?
What were injured by their frantic attempts to avoid the killer?
What was I?
Who approached a woman in the parking lot at Town Center Mall in Atlanta's northwest suburbs?
Who did Police tell to stay in some's offices?
What did the current prosecutor decline to say?
Who told WSB-TV ``President Clinton was sitting outside the door when he exited''?
Who contacted mall security?
What does Blaier work on?
Who said the children's bodies were in their beds?
Who was the district attorney at the time of the killings?
Who did Ms. Jones tell WSB-TV ``was sitting outside the door when he exited''?
What told workers to lock the doors?
Who said, ``He was the No. 1 suspect all the way through and still was''?
Who works on the building's third floor?
Who was the first person to look into his eyes?
Whose work has speculation on a motive centered on as a day trader?
Who said she was sitting at her computer when she heard shots?
What did he approach a woman in at Town Center Mall in Atlanta's northwest suburbs?
Who said, ``I saw a lot of blood in the hallway''?
Who left a bouquet of spring flowers outside each with a card that said, Mark O. Barton 'm so sorry?
What was it the latest in a grisly wave of mass slayings at?
What were dead within minutes?
Who was carrying a pistol in each hand?
What was Mrs. Barton's body in?
Who are authorities grimly piecing together about?
What told workers to stay in some's offices?
Who was Cobb County police spokesman Dana Pierce not sure if she recognized him from news reports or was afraid because of something had said or done?
How many people were dead within minutes?
What was able to escape?
When expressed sadness at the bloodshed?
What did some huddle in workers's cubicles four hours after?
Who was Nell Jones?
Who did Campbell say were shot with 9 mm and. 45- caliber handguns?
What are grimly piecing together what they know about Mark O. Barton?
What did the shooting rampage and the ensuing manhunt stun the city of?
Whose intentions were with her?
Who did Nell Jones say was sitting at her computer when she heard shots?
Who is Mark O. Barton?
What did Campbell say with?
What were the bodies of Barton's 27-year-old wife, Leigh Ann, and children found in their home in?
Whose family was slain earlier in the week?
What were Barton's first wife and mother-in-law bludgeoned to death in 1993 in?
Who said, ``mother-in-law was the No. 1 suspect all the way through and still was''?
What did Nell Jones say at?
What dropped sharply Thursday?
What did she contact?
When did a 15-year-old student shoot six students in nearby Conyers fatally?
What huddled in workers's cubicles four hours after the shootings?
Who shot six students in nearby Conyers fatally in May?
What were with her?
What did Allegiance Telecom sales manager Eric Blaier take?
What does All-Tech require each day trader to put up to open an account?
What did today express at the bloodshed?
What said they had been bludgeoned to death perhaps as long as two days before the office shootings?
What was Cedar Bluff?
What did Authorities later say?
What did today express sadness at?
What did Police tell workers to lock?
Who did Authorities later say Mark O. Barton had killed before committing one of the worst workplace massacres in the nation's history?
What told workers to stay in their offices?
When did the stock market drop sharply?
What may clues be found in?
Who left a bouquet of spring flowers outside each with a card that said, I 'm so sorry?
Where were the bodies of Barton's 27-year-old wife, Leigh Ann, and children found in Stockbridge?
What was the ensuing manhunt the latest in a grisly wave of mass slayings at?
What was President Clinton?
Who was 51?
Who said?
Who said he had not traded since April at the firm where five of his victims died?
Who said, ``In the game of telecom sales, the building where the first victims were killed's business as usual''?
What just tried to stay calm?
What was the latest in a grisly wave of mass slayings at schools and workplaces?
What did someone leave outside each with a card that said, Mark O. Barton 'm so sorry?
Who declined to say whether Barton was still a suspect?
What remained in critical condition today?
What died there?
Who did a 15-year-old student shoot fatally in May?
What did someone else spot Barton's dark green minivan around?
Who works on the same floor where four victims were killed?
What was Nell Jones?
Who did he approach in the parking lot at Town Center Mall in Atlanta's northwest suburbs?
Who said, ``He had swings up and down''?
What ended when Barton shot himself as police cornered him at a service station in Acworth of Atlanta and roughly five miles from the mall?
Who did company officials say had not traded since April at the firm where five of his victims died?
Who were his intentions with?
What was he apparently concerned about?
What was Stockbridge?
Who did not know where Barton was and SWAT teams and helicopters swarmed Buckhead to look for him for the next five hours?
Where did Barton approach a woman at Town Center Mall in Atlanta's northwest suburbs?
What did some huddle in their cubicles four hours after?
What did Campbell say the victims were shot with?
What was Morgan Lyle?
What were alerted and began chasing Barton up Interstate 75?
Who bless Mark O. Barton?
When did company officials say he had not traded?
What were injured by bullets and others's frantic attempts to avoid the killer?
Who said today, ``She was able to run away and contact security''?
What was Barton wearing when he walked into the Momentum Securities brokerage at the Two Securities Centre building in the trendy Buckhead section of Atlanta about 3 p. m. Thursday?
What was Stockbridge 16 miles southeast of?
What was the ensuing manhunt the latest in at schools and workplaces?
Who did not elaborate?
What does Chris Carter work on?
What was Chris Carter?
Where did he approach a woman at Town Center Mall in Atlanta's northwest suburbs?
Who said, ``some put the furniture up against the door and barricaded ourselves in''?
Who said, ``President Clinton saw a lot of blood in the hallway''?
Who was 16 miles southeast of Atlanta?
What later said he had killed his wife and two children before committing one of the worst workplace massacres in the nation's history?
Who said, ``We have no idea what caused Mr. Barton to begin shooting''?
Who then walked?
Who apparently was concerned about losses?
Who said, ``We put the furniture up against the door and barricaded ourselves in''?
Who was able to escape?
Who just got really quiet?
What was the mayor and police apparently concerned about?
Who was 53?
Whose body was in a closet?
Who said, ``Mayor Bill Campbell had swings up and down''?
Who just tried to stay calm?
What was it the latest in at schools and workplaces?
Who said, ``bullets and others have no idea what caused Mr. Barton to begin shooting''?
What closed in?
Who ruined any potential evidence?
Who was involved with another woman?
Who do investigators believe came to Alabama to ask her for a divorce?
Who did Smith say he got mad at one time because he could not convince me he did not do it?
Who was offered to pay the full amount of the policy?
What do Court records show the insurer paid on the policy?
Who would periodically call Smith after Barton remarried?
What had they been beaten with hammer?
What did tests on Barton's company car indicate the possible presence of around the front seat?
What did authorities lack the one thing they needed to arrest Mark Barton:?
When believed: a $600,000 life insurance policy on Mark Barton's wife and a girlfriend on the side Barton had the motive?
Who had been beaten with a hammer?
What did Alabama authorities say Friday by in the aftermath of the Georgia rampage?
Who was Mark Barton Long considered the only suspect in the hacking deaths of in northeast Alabama?
What could the FBI laboratory not identify?
What did another investigator involved in the case say first became suspicious of Barton after he gave ``rehearsed'' answers during an interview?
What did investigators know Mark Barton had?
What did authorities know morally?
What were the women found dead inside a blood-splattered trailer at?
Who was Leigh Ann Barton?
What did authorities lack the one thing they needed to arrest him:?
What were at the campground when the women were killed?
What did they believe Barton had the motive?
What did Alabama authorities say they did not know whether Barton's second wife was the woman during?
What did Police talk with?
Who was Barton's second wife the woman had been dating during his first marriage?
Who was Barton's second wife he had been dating during his first marriage?
What did authorities lack they needed to arrest Mark Barton: proof he had ever been to the camper where the women were found butchered?
Who would he periodically call after Barton remarried?
What did Barton uphold?
Who gave ``rehearsed'' answers during an interview?
What did Barton write that there's to lie now?
Who did her ex-husband tell the New York Daily News that he said believes she helped Barton cover up his involvement in the slayings to collect the insurance policy?
Who acknowledged that the murders of his family were similar to the Alabama killings in a letter left at his apartment in Henry County?
Who was Barton?
What do investigators believe Barton came to to ask her for a divorce?
Who would Danny Smith periodically ask why he was a suspect in the slayings after?
What did Barton write?
Who told the New York Daily News that she was?
What was a game to him?
What had been beaten with a hammer?
What did Alabama authorities say they did not know during?
Who also refused a polygraph test?
What left 12 people dead: nine people in two trading offices, plus his two children and his second wife?
What did we know morally?
Who was the insurance company?
Who said, ``Mark Barton do not know of anything authorities could have done differently''?
Who was the only suspect ever considered?
Whose mother was Eloise Spivey?
What did authorities lack they needed to arrest him: proof he had ever been to the camper where the women were found butchered?
What did Barton deny?
Who killed nine people in two Atlanta stock-trading offices on Thursday, injuring 13 others?
When could authorities not prove legally?
What believed: a $600,000 life insurance policy on his wife and a girlfriend on the side Barton had the motive?
What do Court records show on?
Who knew morally that Danny Smith had done Friday?
What was Barton's second wife the woman he had been dating during?
What did tests on Barton's company car indicate around the front seat?
Who said, ``We did not have any witnesses who could put him there''?
Who would he periodically call Smith after?
Who could he not convince he did not do it?
Who said he got mad at me one time because he could not convince me he did not do it?
What were as many as 600 people at when the women were killed?
Who did another investigator involved in the case say police first became suspicious of after he gave ``rehearsed'' answers during an interview?
Who knew he had a temper and an opportunity to kill?
What did we know morally that he had done?
What said?
Writing that ``there's no reason for me to lie now who'' denied committing the '93 killings?
What did authorities lack the one thing?
Who did they believe: a $600,000 life insurance policy on his wife and a girlfriend on the side had the motive?
Who do investigators believe Barton came to Alabama to ask for a divorce?
Who was an investigator with the Cherokee County district attorney's office?
What could not identify the brand of the shoe?
What was the insurance company Investors Life Insurance of?
Who was Barton's second wife?
Who were found dead in their apartment?
How many people dead: nine people in two trading offices, plus his two children and his second wife did a killing rampage in Atlanta leave?
Who believe she refused?
What did suicide hours believe: a $600,000 life insurance policy on Mark Barton's wife and a girlfriend on the side Barton had?
When did authorities know morally that Danny Smith had done?
What always believed Barton was to blame for the grisly slayings of his first wife, Debra Barton, and her mother in 1993?
What did he give during an interview?
What did Smith say into?
Who was her ex-husband?
Who recalled Friday, ``He told me that he would never go to jail''?
Who was Barton involved with?
Whose second wife was Leigh Ann Barton?
What did investigators know?
Who upheld the vow?
Who would periodically ask why he was a suspect in the slayings after Barton remarried?
Who did suicide hours believe: a $600,000 life insurance policy on Mark Barton's wife and a girlfriend on the side had the motive?
When did Barton kill nine people in two Atlanta stock-trading offices, injuring 13 others?
What did Mark Barton give during an interview?
What did her ex-husband tell the New York Daily News that he said he believes?
What could he not convince me he did not do?
What did Danny Smith recall Friday, ``He told me to''?
What was Investors Life Insurance of Nebraska?
Who believed: a $600,000 life insurance policy on his wife and a girlfriend on the side Barton had the motive?
Who said, ``suicide hours did not have any witnesses who could put Mark Barton there''?
What do Court records show the insurer paid $450,000 on?
How many people dead: nine people in two trading offices, plus Mark Barton's two children and his second wife did a killing rampage in Atlanta leave?
What spoke on condition of anonymity?
Who once made a chilling claim to an investigator in the case?
Who was Mark Barton's mother?
Who wrote that there's no reason for me to lie now?
What could we not prove legally?
What did another investigator involved in the case say police first became after he gave ``rehearsed'' answers during an interview?
What did Barton kill nine people in two Atlanta stock-trading offices on Thursday, injuring?
Who told the New York Daily News that he said he believes she helped Barton cover up his involvement in the slayings to collect the insurance policy?
What was it to him?
Who were the women found dead inside at a campground along Weiss Lake?
What could he not convince me?
What did investigators know he had?
What could police analyze again?
What did another investigator involved in the case say during?
Who said the insurance company provided all the money went into a trust fund for the couple's two children?
What took away one possible link to Barton?
How many people in two Atlanta stock-trading offices did Barton kill on Thursday, injuring 13 others?
Whose second wife was the woman he had been dating during his first marriage?
Who do investigators believe refused?
Who denied he did it?
Who was the woman he had been dating during his first marriage?
How many others did Barton kill nine people in two Atlanta stock-trading offices on Thursday, injuring?
What did Barton acknowledge that the murders of his family were similar to in a letter left at his apartment in Henry County?
Who believe Mark Barton refused?
What did Alabama authorities say Friday they were still troubled by the '93 killings but believed they did all they could in?
Who did Barton deny did it?
Who shot?
What did authorities lack the one thing needed to arrest Mark Barton: proof he had ever been to the camper where the women were found butchered?
Where was Mark Barton Long considered the only suspect in the hacking deaths of his wife and mother-in-law?
Who did her ex-husband tell the New York Daily News that he said he believes she helped cover up his involvement in the slayings to collect the insurance policy?
What was Henry County?
When did Danny Smith recall, ``He told me that he would never go to jail''?
How many people were at the campground when the women were killed?
Who did Police always believe was to blame for the grisly slayings of his first wife, Debra Barton, and her mother in 1993?
What left 12 people dead: nine people in two trading offices, plus Mark Barton's two children and his second wife?
What did investigators find?
Writing that ``there's no reason for me to lie now what did Barton'' deny committing?
What talked with everyone who was at the campground that day?
Where were as many as 600 people when the women were killed?
What did the FBI laboratory take away?
Who would Danny Smith periodically call after Barton remarried?
What did Smith say the insurance company provided went into a trust fund for the couple's two children?
Who was murdered?
What did they believe: a $600,000 life insurance policy on his wife and a girlfriend on the side Barton had?
What did he also refuse?
Who prompts the killings?
Who did no one remember seeing?
Who was her mother?
Who would Danny Smith periodically call Smith after?
What do Court records show paid $450,000 on the policy?
Who did not return messages left by The Associated Press on Friday?
Who could not prove Friday legally?
What do investigators believe?
Who could he not convince me did not do it?
Who could not prove it legally?
Who said they did not know whether Barton's second wife was the woman he had been dating during his first marriage?
What was Barton's second wife the woman during?
Who were found dead inside a blood-splattered trailer at a campground along Weiss Lake?
What remembered seeing Barton?
What did tests on Barton's company car indicate the possible presence of blood around?
What could analyze the spot again?
Who was Long considered the only suspect in the hacking deaths of his wife and mother-in-law in northeast Alabama?
Who did authorities lack the one thing needed to arrest him: proof he had ever been to the camper where the women were found butchered?
What did her ex-husband tell the New York Daily News that he said?
What did her ex-husband tell the New York Daily News that he said he believes she helped Barton cover up?
What did Alabama authorities say Friday were still troubled by the '93 killings but believed they did all they could in the aftermath of the Georgia rampage?
Who did Alabama authorities say did not know whether Barton's second wife was the woman he had been dating during his first marriage?
Who did Mark Barton once make a chilling claim to?
Who was it a game to?
What did Smith say he got mad at me because he could not convince me he did not do it?
Who knew Mark Barton had a temper and an opportunity to kill?
What indicated the possible presence of blood around the front seat?
Who was David Lang?
Who did Smith say got mad at me one time because he could not convince me he did not do it?
What was Mark Barton Long considered the only suspect in the hacking deaths of his wife and mother-in-law in?
What did Alabama authorities say did not know whether Barton's second wife was the woman he had been dating during his first marriage?
What did Mark Barton give ``rehearsed'' answers during?
Who said, ``I do not know of anything we could have done differently''?
What could the FBI laboratory not identify the brand of?
Whose second wife did Alabama authorities say they did not know during?
What did Smith say provided all the money went into a trust fund for the couple's two children?
What was Mark Barton Long considered in northeast Alabama?
Who said Friday they were still troubled by the '93 killings but believed they did all they could in the aftermath of the Georgia rampage?
When did Alabama authorities say they were still troubled by the '93 killings but believed they did all they could in the aftermath of the Georgia rampage?
Where were the women found dead inside a blood-splattered trailer?
What do investigators believe to?
Who did authorities lack the one thing needed to arrest Mark Barton: proof he had ever been to the camper where the women were found butchered?
What does she prompt?
Where do investigators believe Barton came to ask her for a divorce?
What was Ga.?
What did Mark Barton once make to an investigator in the case?
What did her ex-husband tell that he said he believes she helped Barton cover up his involvement in the slayings to collect the insurance policy?
What did a killing rampage in Atlanta leave?
Writing that ``there's no reason for me to lie now how many killings did Barton'' deny committing?
What does Mark Barton prompt?
What did her ex-husband tell that she was?
Who did Alabama authorities say Friday were still troubled by the '93 killings but believed they did all they could in the aftermath of the Georgia rampage?
What did Smith say the insurance company provided all the money went into?
Who knew morally that he had done it?
Where do investigators believe?
Whose second wife did Alabama authorities say during?
Who believe Barton came to Alabama to ask her for a divorce?
Who refused?
What did Barton acknowledge to in a letter left at his apartment in Henry County?
What did Smith say the insurance company provided into?
Who lacked the one thing they needed to arrest him: proof he had ever been to the camper where the women were found butchered?
What did her ex-husband tell the New York Daily News?
What did Barton ruin?
Who did investigators know had a temper and an opportunity to kill?
What did suicide hours believe Barton had the motive?
What did Barton acknowledge that the murders of his family were similar to the Alabama killings in?
What did Police always believe for?
What were his wife and two children found dead in?
Who was Smith?
What did Barton deny he did?
What did authorities lack the one thing needed to arrest him: proof he had ever been to the camper where the women were found butchered?
What did Barton kill on Thursday, injuring 13 others?
Who found bloody footprints leading out the camper door?
What did Alabama authorities say during?
Who would he periodically ask why he was a suspect in the slayings after?
Who could not convince me he did not do it?
Who said police first became suspicious of Barton after he gave ``rehearsed'' answers during an interview?
What did Danny Smith also refuse?
Who lacked the one thing they needed to arrest Mark Barton: proof he had ever been to the camper where the women were found butchered?
Who was Eloise Spivey?
What show the insurer paid $450,000 on the policy?
What do investigators believe Barton came to Alabama to ask her for?
Who did her ex-husband tell the New York Daily News that he said he believes helped Barton cover up his involvement in the slayings to collect the insurance policy?
What did Smith say he got mad at me one time because he could not convince me?
Who did authorities lack the one thing they needed to arrest: proof he had ever been to the camper where the women were found butchered?
What did he give ``rehearsed'' answers during?
What did the case speak on?
What did Lang not return?
What began a painstaking search of the complex?
Who was the Chicago firm that manages Security Centre?
Where did Ms. Harvard say Barton loitered for about 30 minutes before drawing his guns?
What was Momentum Securities?
What was it unclear?
Who spent Friday assessing how Barton traversed one of the city's busiest thoroughfares unimpeded to continue his rampage?
Who walked around Buckhead-- an upscale district north of downtown?
What was Barton's first stop where the 44-year-old had traded?
Who said, ``there come pretty quick''?
What is Momentum Securities on?
What did Atlanta Police Chief Beverly Harvard say, ``We do not know''?
What was Piedmont Avenue?
What did the unarmed security guard spur?
What did authorities respond to within four minutes?
Whose second stop is Perimeter Center?
What did police begin a painstaking search of?
What was Securities Centre where the 44-year-old had traded?
Who go?
What is Perimeter Center?
What was Financial Development Corp.?
What was purchased by a gun dealer in Texas in 1983?
Who said, ``There are four elevators''?
What houses Momentum Securities?
What did a backup officer hear?
Who said, ``Mr. Barton was a regular client, and one of those people who would have never been stopped''?
When did authorities respond to the first call?
What was Jones Lang Lasalle?
What did she say?''
Who was gone by the time a backup officer arrived?
What did Mark Barton then cross?
What did Barton kill at All-Tech Investment Group-- another day-trading firm where Barton had been a client?
What is one of the busiest streets of the city?
Who did she say recalled him saying ``It's a bad trading day, and it's going to get worse?''
Who said witnesses recalled him saying ``It's a bad trading day, and it's going to get worse?''
Who were not surprised he was able to get out so quickly?
What did Ms. Harvard say Barton loitered at for about 30 minutes before drawing his guns?
What did Ms. Harvard say, ``You 've got to remember''?
What did Barton open?
Who did a 9 mm Glock walk around?
Who said, ``We do not know how he got away''?
Who was spokeswoman for Jones Lang Lasalle?
Who responded to the first call within four minutes?
What did Barton later commit suicide with?
Who was Magnes Welsh?
What did police begin?
What was one of Atlanta's main north-south arteries?
Who was bought at an unspecified Georgia pawn shop in 1992, but not by Barton?
Whose first stop was Securities Centre where the 44-year-old had traded?
Who was the. 45 purchased by in 1983?
Who is on the third floor?
Who was a client service specialist for Financial Development Corp.?
Where did Ms. Harvard say?
What did authorities spend Friday assessing?
When did authorities spend assessing how Barton traversed one of the city's busiest thoroughfares unimpeded to continue his rampage?
Who then crossed Piedmont Avenue?
What did he then cross?
What is Piedmont Avenue one of?
Who did she say witnesses recalled saying ``It's a bad trading day, and it's going to get worse?''
Who then fled?
Who said witnesses recalled Mark Barton saying ``the same's a bad trading day, and it's going to get worse?''
What did Ms. Harvard say, ``Mark Barton 've got to remember''?
What is the same true at?
Who did police think was still inside?
What features unarmed guards at the entrance?
Who was Beth Lavender?
What should have been done?
Who was gone by the time he arrived?
Who did he walk around?
When was Barton gone?
Who does Securities Centre house?
Who did Atlanta Police Chief Beverly Harvard say witnesses recalled saying ``the same's a bad trading day, and it's going to get worse?''
When did Ms. Harvard say Barton loitered at Securities Centre before drawing his guns?
Who come?
What did Barton kill five more at?
What was unclear how Barton carried his two handguns, a 9 mm Glock and a Colt. 45?
Who were other workers in the building not surprised was able to get out so quickly?
Who did an excellent job?
What did Barton open again?
What died after Barton opened fire?
What thought Mark Barton was still inside?
Who opened fire?
Who was a day-trading firm?
What is another seven-story building?
What was not disclosed?
Who said, ``they come pretty quick''?
What is true at Barton's second stop?
What were other workers in the building not surprised?
Who was a floor below the shooting?
What did he spur?
What did the officers do?
What did police think?
Who said, ``You 've got to remember that it was the end of the business day''?
Who did Atlanta Police Chief Beverly Harvard say recalled Mark Barton saying ``the same's a bad trading day, and it's going to get worse?''
What was unclear how Barton got it?
What thought he was still inside?
Who does the seven-story building feature unarmed at the entrance?
Who spurred a five-hour manhunt?
Who killed five more at All-Tech Investment Group-- another day-trading firm where Barton had been a client?
Who opened fire again?
Whose second stop is the same true at?
What did Atlanta Police Chief Beverly Harvard say?''
Who were not surprised Mark Barton was able to get out so quickly?
Who did everything exactly as it should have been done?
What did Barton later commit with the. 45?
What was Barton gone by?
What was going to stop him from killing?
What is Piedmont Avenue?
Who did Ms. Harvard say loitered at Securities Centre for about 30 minutes before drawing his guns?
When was the. 45 purchased by a gun dealer in Texas?
Who said, ``Mark Barton 've got to remember that a painstaking search of the complex was the end of the business day''?
Who said Barton purchased the Glock at a store in Warner Robins in 1993 and the H&R revolver at a pawn shop in South Carolina in 1976?
What was Piedmont Avenue one of?
Who heard shots across the street?
What does the seven-story building feature unarmed guards at?
What did we do exactly as it should have been done?
Who later committed suicide with the. 45?
What did Ms. Harvard say at?
What is Barton's second stop?
Who probably was able to get out fast?
Who said Barton loitered at Securities Centre for about 30 minutes before drawing his guns?
Who did Ms. Reeves say would talk of fights with Barton, but would never answer directly when asked if he abused her?
Who wrote, ``I killed Leigh Ann because she was one of the main reasons for my demise as I planned to kill the others''?
What were discovered Thursday when Barton walked into the offices of two brokerage firms and fired randomly at traders and employees?
Who said, ``Barton's first victim in a murderous rampage last week 'm not surprised''?
Who said ``Barton know she had some concerns about the kids''?
Who said she thinks her sister tried to reconcile with Barton because she missed his children-- Matthew, 11, and Mychelle?
What was Dean Mohammed Delawalla of Atlanta buried Saturday after at a funeral home in suburban Lilburn?
Who was 7?
What did Ms. Reeves say to?
What was Dana Reeves comfortable or scared?
What did police say?
Who did he say he was sorry for his wife's murder in a computer-printed suicide note left for police?
Who did Barton kill as police pulled over his van?
Who do I really wish had not killed her now?
What did her sister say Saturday loved Barton's children?
How many shooting victims remained hospitalized after one woman was discharged Saturday from Grady Memorial Hospital?
Who missed Barton's children-- Matthew, 11, and Mychelle?
What said they never had enough evidence to charge him?
What did she say, ``She's just an innocent victim''?
Who was Barton's first victim in a murderous rampage last week's wife?
How many his children did he kill from a previous marriage as they slept in the family's suburban apartment?
When did Ms. Reeves say?
Who did she say ``I know had some concerns about the kids''?
Whose murder did Barton say he was sorry for in a computer-printed suicide note Barton left for police?
What did she say ``I know she had''?
What was the beginning of the bloodiest mass killing in Atlanta's history?
Who did Dana Reeves say ``Barton know she had some concerns about''?
Who did her sister say Saturday ATLANTA-- Mass killer Mark O. Barton's first victim in a murderous rampage last week loved?
Who was Allen Charles Tenenbaum?
What did Dana Reeves say?
What slept in the family's suburban apartment?
What did relatives of one of the dead walk solemnly down to the building where he was killed?
When did nine die and 13 were wounded still in critical condition?
Who really could not help it?
What walked solemnly down Piedmont Road to the building where he was killed?
What did Ms. Reeves say in, ``There was never really a comfortable feeling with him after that''?
Who was Barton?
What was it killing in Atlanta's history?
What was Friday for Allen Charles Tenenbaum?
What does Barton's apartment have?
Who did Barton kill with a hammer Tuesday?
Who did Ms. Reeves say was wary of Barton after learning that his first wife and her mother had been hacked to death in Alabama in 1993?
What was she one of as I planned to kill the others?
What did he say he was sorry for in a computer-printed suicide note Barton left for police?
Who really wishes I had not killed her now?
Who did Barton say he was sorry for his wife's murder in a computer-printed suicide note left for police?
When was Barton having an affair with then-Leigh Ann Vandiver?
What was held in Buckhead for family members of the victims?
Whose children slept in the family's suburban apartment?
What were four in?
What were scheduled for Sunday?
Who said, ` Yes?
Who was gunned down while trading at All-Tech Investment Group?
What did police say they never had?
Who said, ``She's just an innocent victim that something terrible has happened to''?
Whose murder did he say for in a computer-printed suicide note Barton left for police?
What was Zeenat Hussain?
Who loves her so much anyway?
Who said Saturday ATLANTA-- Mass killer Mark O. Barton's first victim in a murderous rampage last week loved Barton's children?
What was it the beginning of killing in Atlanta's history?
What did Ms. Reeves say she was after learning that his first wife and her mother had been hacked to death in Alabama in 1993?
Who did Dana Reeves say, ``Barton know from''?
What did her sister say Saturday ATLANTA-- Mass killer Mark O. Barton's first victim in a murderous rampage last week had been worried for?
Who missed his children-- Matthew, 11, and Mychelle?
What did she say ``I know''?
Who killed his 27-year-old wife with a hammer Tuesday?
What did Ms. Reeves say of?
If Barton killed his first wife who did her sister know?
Who said she was wary of Barton after learning that his first wife and her mother had been hacked to death in Alabama in 1993?
Who was buried Saturday after a one-hour, 15-minute Islamic service at a funeral home in suburban Lilburn?
Who was a chemist turned day stock-trader?
Who did police say never had enough evidence to charge him?
What did she say?
What did relatives of one of the dead, Edward Quinn, say?
Who said, ``I 'm sorry it happened to my sister''?
Who did she miss?
When did Barton kill his 27-year-old wife with a hammer?
Who did Dana Reeves say, ``Barton's first victim in a murderous rampage last week 'm sorry to''?
What did Barton kill his 27-year-old wife with hammer Tuesday?
Who was a private memorial service held in Buckhead for?
Who said, ``Dean was a very devoted member of this community''?
Who did police say never had enough evidence to charge Barton?
Whose first victim in a murderous rampage last week killed his two children from a previous marriage as they slept in the family's suburban apartment?
Who did Ms. Reeves say she thinks her sister tried to reconcile with because she missed his children-- Matthew, 11, and Mychelle?
Who did Dana Reeves say Mrs. Barton treated as if they were her own?
When did her sister say ATLANTA-- Mass killer Mark O. Barton's first victim in a murderous rampage last week had been worried for her safety?
Who did Dana Reeves work as?
What was Dean Mohammed Delawalla of Atlanta buried Saturday after a one-hour, 15-minute Islamic service at?
Who was Dana Reeves?
What did police pull over?
Who said her sister left Barton in October?
What did police say never had enough evidence to charge Barton?
Who did she say ``know she had some concerns about the kids''?
Who did she say, ``I know from''?
Who said he was sorry for his wife's murder in a computer-printed suicide note Barton left for police?
Where does Ms. Reeves live?
How many his children did Barton's first victim in a murderous rampage last week kill from a previous marriage as they slept in the family's suburban apartment?
Who was his wife?
Who was the prime suspect in the slayings?
Who do I really wish I had not killed now?
Who remained hospitalized after one woman was discharged Saturday from Grady Memorial Hospital?
What did Ms. Reeves say in, ``There was never really a comfortable feeling with Barton after that''?
What did he say he was sorry for his wife's murder in Barton left for police?
Who did Ms. Reeves say with?
Who said, ``Barton know she had fears from him''?
What was she as I planned to kill the others?
Who said ``I know she had some concerns about the kids''?
Whose children-- Matthew, 11, and Mychelle did Dana Reeves miss?
What was one woman discharged Saturday from?
Who was the family?
Who did Barton say was sorry for his wife's murder in a computer-printed suicide note Barton left for police?
Who said Saturday ATLANTA-- Mass killer Mark O. Barton's first victim in a murderous rampage last week wanted to continue to be involved in their lives?
If Barton killed his first wife who knew nothing of it?
When was the first funeral for Allen Charles Tenenbaum?
What was Mychelle?
Who said, ``Barton's first victim in a murderous rampage last week 'm sorry Saturday happened to my sister''?
When did her sister say ATLANTA-- Mass killer Mark O. Barton's first victim in a murderous rampage last week loved Barton's children?
Who did Dana Reeves say treated the children as if they were her own?
What does Ms. Reeves live in?
Who said Saturday ATLANTA-- Mass killer Mark O. Barton's first victim in a murderous rampage last week had been worried for her safety?
Who did Dana Reeves say ``know she had some concerns about the kids''?
What died and 13 were wounded still in critical condition Saturday?
What did they say?
Whose murder did he say he was sorry for in a computer-printed suicide note Barton left for police?
What did nine die and 13 were wounded still in Saturday?
Who estimated that 2,000 attended the service?
What said prayers and placed flowers?
What did Ms. Reeves say she was wary of after learning that his first wife and her mother had been hacked to death in Alabama in 1993?
Who was the dead?
Who was having an affair with then-Leigh Ann Vandiver at the time of the Alabama slayings?
Who did Dana Reeves say ``Barton know had some concerns about the kids''?
Who said in a telephone interview, ``There was never really a comfortable feeling with him after that''?
What does my apartment have?
What did he kill his two children from as they slept in the family's suburban apartment?
Who do I love so much anyway?
Who did Ms. Reeves say she thinks tried to reconcile with Barton because she missed his children-- Matthew, 11, and Mychelle?
What said they never had enough evidence to charge Barton?
Who was 52?
What did Dana Reeves say ?
What did he say for in a computer-printed suicide note Barton left for police?
Whose body covered with a blanket did Police find in a bedroom closet of the apartment?
What did her sister say Saturday had been worried for her safety?
Who did she work as?
Who lives in Macon?
When were the slayings discovered when Barton walked into the offices of two brokerage firms and fired randomly at traders and employees?
If Barton killed his first wife what did her sister know nothing of?
Who did Barton plan to kill?
Who killed his two children from a previous marriage as they slept in the family's suburban apartment?
Who did Ms. Reeves say her sister left in October?
Who was the first funeral Friday for?
Who slept in the family's suburban apartment?
Who worked as a sales representative for a company that sells cleaning supplies?
What was Edward Quinn?
What were in critical condition?
Who was discharged Saturday from Grady Memorial Hospital?
Who did he say was sorry for his wife's murder in a computer-printed suicide note Barton left for police?
What did police say never had enough evidence to charge him?
Who said prayers and placed flowers?
What was Barton having at the time of the Alabama slayings?
Who did Ms. Reeves say she thinks with?
What pulled over his van?
Who did Ms. Reeves say left Barton in October?
Who did Dana Reeves miss?
What did a spokeswoman for the family estimate?
What was Allen Charles Tenenbaum a 48-year-old father of?
When were Services for Mrs. Barton scheduled?
What did Barton say he was sorry for his wife's murder in a computer-printed suicide note Barton left for?
What did her sister say Saturday wanted to continue to be involved in their lives?
What did Barton say for in a computer-printed suicide note Barton left for police?
What did Barton's children sleep in?
Who said?
Who was frustrated after supporting her jobless husband for about a year?
Who did she say treated the children as if they were her own?
Who said Mrs. Barton treated the children as if they were her own?
What was Barton?
What did Police find Mrs. Barton's body covered with a blanket in?
What did Ms. Reeves say she was wary of Barton after learning to?
What did Barton say he was sorry for in a computer-printed suicide note Barton left for police?
If Barton killed his first wife who knew nothing of an affair with then-Leigh Ann Vandiver?
Whose van did police pull over?
What did Barton's first victim in a murderous rampage last week kill his two children from as they slept in the family's suburban apartment?
What do I really wish?
Who killed himself as police pulled over his van?
Who did Ms. Reeves say thinks her sister tried to reconcile with Barton because she missed his children-- Matthew, 11, and Mychelle?
What has this security system and that makes me feel comfortable?
Whose children did her sister say Saturday ATLANTA-- Mass killer Mark O. Barton's first victim in a murderous rampage last week loved?
Who was a 48-year-old father of three?
What was Dean Mohammed Delawalla?
Who said her sister would talk of fights with Barton, but would never answer directly when asked if he abused her?
What did her sister say Saturday ATLANTA-- Mass killer Mark O. Barton's first victim in a murderous rampage last week wanted to continue to be involved in?
Whose sister said?
When was Dean Mohammed Delawalla of Atlanta buried after a one-hour, 15-minute Islamic service at a funeral home in suburban Lilburn?
Who did I plan to kill?
What found Mrs. Barton's body covered with a blanket in a bedroom closet of the apartment?
Who said in a telephone interview, ``There was never really a comfortable feeling with Barton after that''?
Who did Dana Reeves say, ``I 'm sorry to''?
What was a private memorial service held in for family members of the victims?
What did Dana Reeves say, ``She's just an innocent victim''?
When did Ms. Reeves say her sister left Barton?
Who did he kill from a previous marriage as they slept in the family's suburban apartment?
Who was one of the main reasons for my demise as I planned to kill the others?
Whose apartment has this security system and that makes me feel comfortable?
What was a the beginning of killing in Atlanta's history?
Who was Leigh Ann?
What did Dana Reeves say ``Barton know she had''?
What did Dana Reeves say ``Barton know''?
What did relatives of one of the dead walk solemnly down Piedmont Road to where he was killed?
Who was Leigh Ann Barton's older sister?
Who did she say Mrs. Barton treated as if they were her own?
What did a spokeswoman for the family estimate that 2,000 attended?
What did he say he was sorry for his wife's murder in a computer-printed suicide note Barton left for?
What was a killing in Atlanta's history?
Who said, ``I 'm not surprised''?
When was one woman discharged from Grady Memorial Hospital?
Who planned to kill the others?
What could she really not help?
What was she comfortable or scared?
Whose older sister was Dana Reeves?
What did she say ?
Who did she say ``I know she had some concerns about''?
Who said, ``I know she had fears from him''?
What did Barton say he was sorry for his wife's murder in Barton left for police?
What did Police find in a bedroom closet of the apartment?
Whose murder did Barton say for in a computer-printed suicide note Barton left for police?
Who had been?
What pulled over Barton's van?
What did they sleep in?
Who did Barton's first victim in a murderous rampage last week kill from a previous marriage as they slept in the family's suburban apartment?
What did Barton write that he planned to live ``just long enough to kill. . . the people that greedily sought my destruction'' in?
What was Pelham?
What was Ala.?
What did the Wall Street Journal and The Atlanta Journal-Constitution report this week to?
Who killed his wife and his two children in Stockbridge in the days leading up to the gunfire?
When did Detective Mark Walden kill his wife and his two children in Stockbridge?
Who were the two day trading companies?
Who said it was not known if Barton picked his victims before opening fire in the two offices on July 29?
What did Walden say that Barton's attack did not consist of?
Who could not recall the amount?
When did Detective Mark Walden pull the trigger at point-blank range at people cowering under desks and chairs?
When did Herder sit next to Barton Barton was at All-Tech?
What did Detective Mark Walden pull at point-blank range at people cowering under desks and chairs at times?
Who then killed a third at a business where he used to work?
What did Herder sit next to Barton for the nine months Barton was at?
Who was a day trader who was released from the hospital Wednesday?
Who was Fred Herder?
What did a man shoot two people to at his company's office?
What was Montvale?
Who did Herder sit next to Barton for the nine months was at All-Tech?
Who said that Barton's attack did not consist of random shooting?
Who was N. J. -based All-Tech Investment Group and Houston-based Momentum Securities?
What did Detective Mark Walden pull the trigger at point-blank range at at times?
What did he pull the trigger at point-blank range at at times?
What did a man then kill at a business where he used to work?
How many people did a man shoot to death at his company's office?
What did Police charge 34-year-old Alan Eugene Miller of Billingsley with?
Who said Thursday was not known if Barton picked his victims before opening fire in the two offices on July 29?
When did momentum officials previously disclose?
What did Police charge 34-year-old Alan Eugene Miller of with three counts of capital murder?
What did a man shoot two people to death at?
What did Herder sit next to Barton for the nine months at?
What did officials with the two day trading companies say are common and are usually repaid the next day?
When did Walden say was not known if Barton picked his victims before opening fire in the two offices on July 29?
What did Barton write that Detective Mark Walden planned to live ``just long enough to kill. . . the people that greedily sought my destruction'' in?
When did he pull the trigger at point-blank range at people cowering under desks and chairs?
What could Herder not recall?
When did Detective Mark Walden say, ``We have no way of knowing if he had paid them back or whether he was going to pay them''?
What charged 34-year-old Alan Eugene Miller of Billingsley with three counts of capital murder?
What did he pull at point-blank range at people cowering under desks and chairs at times?
When did momentum officials previously disclose that Barton had lost $105,000?
What did Walden say was not known if Barton picked his victims before opening fire in the two offices on July 29?
What did Detective Mark Walden kill his wife and his two children in in the days leading up to the gunfire?
When did the Wall Street Journal and The Atlanta Journal-Constitution report this week that Barton lost $400,000 to $450,000 trading at All-Tech and Momentum?
What reported this week that Barton lost $400,000 to $450,000 trading at All-Tech and Momentum in the past year?
What said?
What did he kill his wife and his two children in in the days leading up to the gunfire?
What did the Wall Street Journal and The Atlanta Journal-Constitution report this week that Barton lost $400,000 to in the past year?
What was the lead investigator in the case?
What did Barton write in a note left in the Stockbridge apartment where he killed his family?
Who sat next to Barton for the nine months Barton was at All-Tech?
Who said, ``To a degree Police's really frightening that all of a sudden. . . someone is copying this''?
When did he kill his wife and his two children in Stockbridge?
What did Walden say of?
Whose attack did Walden say of?
Who did Detective Mark Walden kill in Stockbridge in the days leading up to the gunfire?
What did Fred Herder say, ``To a degree it's really frightening''?
Who said loans made to cover margins, or money borrowed to buy stock, are common and are usually repaid the next day?
What did a man then kill a third at?
What were Montvale?
Who said Thursday, ``We have no way of knowing if he had paid them back or whether he was going to pay them''?
What did Herder recall loaning once?
Who said, ``To a degree it's really frightening that all of a sudden. . . someone is copying this''?
What did momentum officials previously disclose that Barton had lost since June?
Who pulled the trigger at point-blank range at people cowering under desks and chairs at times?
Who shot two people to death at his company's office?
How many day trading companies were Montvale?
What did a man shoot to death at his company's office?
What did he pull the trigger at at people cowering under desks and chairs at times?
Who recalled loaning Barton money once?
Who previously disclosed that Barton had lost $105,000 since June?
What did Detective Mark Walden pull the trigger at at people cowering under desks and chairs at times?
Who did he kill in Stockbridge in the days leading up to the gunfire?
Who did Police charge with three counts of capital murder?
When did the Wall Street Journal and The Atlanta Journal-Constitution report that Barton lost $400,000 to $450,000 trading at All-Tech and Momentum in the past year?
What did Fred Herder say, ``To a degree Police's really frightening''?
Who was ATLANTA-- Colleagues who had lent Mark Barton money were among those killed in his shooting spree last week at two day trading offices?
What did the Wall Street Journal and The Atlanta Journal-Constitution report this week that Barton lost to $450,000 trading at All-Tech and Momentum in the past year?
What did Walden say in?
Who did Herder sit next to for the nine months Barton was at All-Tech?
What did officials with the two day trading companies say?
What do authorities say prior to, Barton also killed his wife and two children?
Who was Michael Weinstock?
What does the suit filed Friday claim from among other allegations?
Who did Michael Weinstock say had a responsibility to check the backgrounds of suicide's day traders and should have discovered that Barton was a ``volatile individual?''
Who is Barton Protective Services not related to?
Who did Michael Weinstock say had a responsibility to check the backgrounds of its day traders and should have discovered that Barton was a ``volatile individual?''
Who do authorities say prior to the attacks, Barton also killed?
What did Linda Lerner not immediately return?
Who was an attorney for Montvale?
Who does it say the ``murderous acts. . . were reasonably foreseeable'' by?
Who does the suit filed Friday say the ``murderous acts. . . were reasonably foreseeable'' by?
What does the suit filed Friday say were reasonably foreseeable'' by company officials?
What does the suit filed Friday claim All-Tech negligently failed to supervise Barton and to protect him from large financial losses that may have prompted the shootings among?
What did Weinstock say Tuesday, ``authorities 're creating a pressure environment with''?
Who was a former chemist who reportedly lost as much as $450,000 while trading at All-Tech and Momentum Securities in the last year?
What does it also seek from Barton's estate and the building's owner?
Who sued the All-Tech Investment Group, Barton's estate, the owners of the building where All-Tech's Atlanta office is located and the building's security company?
Who was Gulshan Harjee?
What does the suit filed Friday also seek from Barton's estate and the building's owner?
What also said Barton Protective Services failed to provide adequate security in All-Tech's office building?
Who was Delawalla?
What did he commit?
What did Weinstock say Tuesday, ``They 're creating a pressure environment with''?
How many people did Barton kill?
What was Montvale?
What did the suit also say Barton Protective Services failed to provide adequate security in?
What does the suit filed Friday also seek compensation from?
Whose estate and the building's owner does it also seek compensation from?
Who was 52?
What did Michael Weinstock say?''
Whose attorney was Michael Weinstock?
Who was trading at the office when Barton opened fire?
Who do authorities say prior to the attacks, also killed his wife and two children?
Who was an All-Tech customer?
What was Delawalla?
Who was Barton?
What says the ``murderous acts. . . were reasonably foreseeable'' by company officials?
What did the suit also say failed to provide adequate security in All-Tech's office building?
What also seeks compensation from Barton's estate and the building's owner?
What did Mark O. Barton commit?
Who was N. J. -based All-Tech?
Who was wife of victim Dean Delawalla?
Who was Ms. Harjee's attorney?
Who say prior to the attacks, Barton also killed his wife and two children?
What has ATLANTA-- The widow of a man murdered by Mark O. Barton during his shooting spree last month at two day-trading firms filed?
Who committed suicide?
What was Delawalla trading at when Barton opened fire?
Who does the suit filed Friday claim negligently failed to supervise Barton and to protect him from large financial losses that may have prompted the shootings among other allegations?
What has filed the first lawsuit stemming from the crimes?
What claims All-Tech negligently failed to supervise Barton and to protect him from large financial losses that may have prompted the shootings among other allegations?
Whose estate and the building's owner does the suit filed Friday also seek compensation from?
What does it say were reasonably foreseeable'' by company officials?
Who was Linda Lerner?
What did the suit also say Barton Protective Services failed to provide in All-Tech's office building?
Who said All-Tech had a responsibility to check the backgrounds of suicide's day traders and should have discovered that Barton was a ``volatile individual?''
Who killed nine people?
What did Barton kill?
Who did not immediately return a telephone call seeking comment?
What did Gulshan Harjee sue?
What does it also seek compensation from?
Who said All-Tech had a responsibility to check the backgrounds of its day traders and should have discovered that Barton was a ``volatile individual?''
What did the suit also say in?
What is not related to Mark Barton?
Who did Police say killed Dr. Gulshan Harjee's wife and two young children the day before his rampage?
What was Chapel Hill?
Who name as defendants the brokerages, their landlords, their security firms and Barton's estate?
Who did Harjee say hoped the service might allow victims ' families to visit and offer each other solace?
Whose spree at All-Tech and Momentum Securities was Dr. Gulshan Harjee's husband killed in?
What's a reminder?
What was a candle for each victim lighted at?
What was lighted at the front of the church?
What do victims and their relatives name as defendants?
Who cannot forget that day?
What does the incident hope to profit from?
Who had reportedly lost more than $400,000 from his investments?
What has prompted close public scrutiny of the industry?
What does it never leave wiping from her eyes?
What was Archbishop Earl Paulk?
Who had reportedly lost more than $400,000 from Dr. Gulshan Harjee's investments?
What did former trader Mark Barton begin randomly through All-Tech Investment Group's trading office?
Who did Liz Webb say decided to visit the building where her brother traded and died?
What do victims and hours's relatives name as defendants?
Where did about 2,000 people attend the ecumenical service at The Cathedral?
What did the focus remain the pain of?
When does-- DECATUR's been for the families and friends of the nine people killed last summer at two Atlanta brokerage offices?
What was organized by Dr. Gulshan Harjee?
What does it never leave wiping tears from?
Who did Barton shoot when police stopped his minivan at a convenience store northwest of Atlanta hours after the shooting?
What does-- DECATUR's been a painful year for?
When did Barton shoot himself when police stopped his minivan at a convenience store northwest of Atlanta?
How many lawsuits have victims and their relatives also filed in the past year?
What was an interdenominational church?
What said Barton killed his wife and two young children the day before his rampage?
When have victims and their relatives also filed 10 lawsuits?
When does-- It's been for the families and friends of the nine people killed last summer at two Atlanta brokerage offices?
What did Archbishop Earl Paulk urge the families to strive for sense of forgiveness even if they consider Barton's actions unforgivable?
What did Liz Webb say?
What have victims and their relatives also filed in the past year?
Who shot himself when police stopped his minivan at a convenience store northwest of Atlanta hours after the shooting?
Who said but it did not ease her grief?
What attended the ecumenical service at The Cathedral at Chapel Hill?
What did Police say Barton killed his wife and two young children the day before?
What did the focus remain?
Who do victims and hours's relatives name as the brokerages, their landlords, their security firms and Barton's estate?
What did Harjee say she hoped the service might allow to visit and offer each other solace?
What did about 2,000 people attend the ecumenical service at The Cathedral at?
What was Dr. Gulshan Harjee's husband killed in?
Who said?
When can Archbishop Earl Paulk not forget?
Who was the service organized by?
Whose brother was Scott Webb killed July 29,1999?
What did Harjee say she hoped might allow victims ' families to visit and offer each other solace?
What does-- It's been a painful year for?
What said Barton killed Dr. Gulshan Harjee's wife and two young children the day before his rampage?
Who also have filed 10 lawsuits in the past year?
How many lawsuits have victims and hours's relatives also filed in the past year?
When was Scott Webb Liz Webb's brother killed?
What never leaves wiping tears from her eyes?
What did Police say Barton killed Dr. Gulshan Harjee's wife and two young children the day before?
Who do victims and their relatives name as the brokerages, their landlords, their security firms and Barton's estate?
What did Harjee say?
What has the incident prompted?
What does it's?
What never goes away?
Whose families did Harjee say she hoped the service might allow to visit and offer each other solace?
Who was Liz Webb's brother killed July 29,1999?
Whose families did Harjee say?
Who was Scott Webb killed July 29,1999?
Whose wife and two young children did Police say before?
Who said she decided to visit the building where her brother traded and died?
What had Barton reportedly lost?
Who did Police say killed his wife and two young children the day before his rampage?
Who urged the families to strive for a sense of forgiveness even if they consider Barton's actions unforgivable?
What remained the pain of loss and the search for strength coping with it?
How many people attended the ecumenical service at The Cathedral at Chapel Hill?
What have victims and hours's relatives also filed in the past year?
What--'s been a painful year for the families and friends of the nine people killed last summer at two Atlanta brokerage offices?
What did Police say before?
What did former trader Mark Barton begin firing randomly through?
What did about 2,000 people attend at Chapel Hill?
What did Harjee say she hoped?
Whose husband was killed in Barton's spree at All-Tech and Momentum Securities?
Who was killed in Barton's spree at All-Tech and Momentum Securities?
When have victims and hours's relatives also filed 10 lawsuits?
Who--'s been a painful year for the families and friends of the nine people killed last summer at two Atlanta brokerage offices?
What hopes to profit from the market's slight price swings?
When can I not forget?
What does a full-time occupation's?
Where was a candle for each victim lighted?
Who was the church's founder?
What has the incident prompted close public scrutiny of?
Who was killed?
Who began firing randomly through All-Tech Investment Group's trading office?
Who said she hoped the service might allow victims ' families to visit and offer each other solace?
Whose families did Harjee say she hoped?
Who are brokerage firms that keep an inventory in a particular stock to sell to customers?
What might be only a few-minute lead?
When is plenty for a day-trader?
What could that day trader have made as much as?
What had Mark Barton lost a total of over a period of 15 days?
What can the day-trader make in a second?
Who did he end July 27 at one of the two day trading establishments used?
Who do these companies provide staff to help?
What did he end July 27 at one of the two day trading establishments?
What did Tim Bourquin say?
Who a: do not?
Who was a 30-year old California day-trader?
What does margin increase?
What is a minute for a day-trader?
What could someone who blew out their account not handle?
What do Day traders typically work out of?
What fell $3 on Thursday?
What did a normal investor who owned 100 shares of IBM lose?
When did IBM fall $3?
What provide staff to help the traders and dedicated computers loaded with software on which to trade?
Who could he have been?
When can the day-trader make a trade?
What do all traders _ signed saying he understood the risk?
Who do _ signed documents saying Mark Barton understood the risk?
What is an intricately complex way to try to stay a split-second ahead of the direction of a stock price?
Who said ``Friday is important to remember''?
What are technology stocks on electronically?
What had he lost a total of over a period of 15 days?
What did Tim Bourquin say traders get a feel for a stock's direction by watching?
Who was the man identified as the shooter?
Who could not handle the stress?
Who did someone who blew out their account take it out on?
What did Bourquin say, ``I knew''?
What does the typical day trader tend to sell those stocks many times in to take advantage of spikes in the prices?
When had Mark Barton lost a total of $105,000?
Who see this as a buy or sell signal?
Who worried that the actions of one man would stain an industry?
When reached its lowest point?
When's more speculative than that day-trading is not investing?
What do day-traders feed off?
Who tends to focus on a handful of companies?
When did James Lee say in a statement that Barton had _ as all traders do _ signed documents saying he understood the risk?
What had Mark Barton lost over a period of 15 days?
What buy shares when the futures suggest the market will rise?
When is an intricately complex way to try to stay a split-second ahead of the direction of a stock price?
Who buy or sell stock to keep an orderly market?
Who ended July 27 at one of the two day trading establishments he used?
Who said, ``Borquin knew people would try and make this a day-trader thing''?
Who took it out on innocent victims?
Who said Barton talked about losing money while he was shooting?
What did Bourquin say, ``Borquin knew''?
Who could this guy have been?
What did someone who blew out their account take out on innocent victims?
Who keep a keen eye on S&P futures?
What does the trader return the next day to roll again?
What do all traders _ signed documents saying he understood?
When does it's more speculative than that is not investing?
What did Lee say ?
Who is a partner?
What is inherently risky?
What did a number of eye witnesses to the shootings say?
What might that step be?
Who 're wrong?
What said, ``The Atlanta killings are not surprising''?
Who 're right?
What is Momentum Securities?
Who was just a lunatic?
What increases the impact of unexpected market events?
Who buy shares when the futures suggest the market will rise?
Who was president of Momentum Securities where Barton traded as late as Tuesday?
Who returns the next day to roll the dice again?
When is extreme investing?
Who is David Floyd?
What a: do not?
Who did a number of eye witnesses to the shootings say talked about losing money while he was shooting?
What did IBM fall on Thursday?
What did one posting ask?
What 're right?
Who is the Atlanta businesses?
What could a day trader have ``shorted''?
When can make a trade in a second?
When feed off a stock's volatile intraday movement?
Who did someone who blew out the Atlanta killings's account take one of the two day trading establishments out on?
What had he lost over a period of 15 days?
What processes trades?
When was Tim Bourquin?
What did Tim Bourquin say traders get by watching what market makers do?
What are technology stocks?
What was James Lee president of where Barton traded as late as Tuesday?
What did the day reach?
What does margin increase the impact of?
What normally shadow each other quite closely?
What 're wrong?
What do day traders see as a buy or sell signal?
What is day-trading?
What could someone who blew out the Atlanta killings's account not handle?
What do they buy when the futures suggest the market will rise?
What did Lee say ``is important to remember''?
What do all traders _ signed saying Mark Barton understood the risk?
Who do all traders _ signed documents saying understood the risk?
When can be extremely risky?
What did someone who blew out the Atlanta killings's account take out on innocent victims?
Who said traders get a feel for a stock's direction by watching what market makers do?
When had he lost a total of $105,000?
When did Mark Barton end at one of the two day trading establishments he used?
What are market makers?
What do successful day traders rarely bet against?
What does it's more speculative than day-trading is not investing?
What do all traders _ signed documents saying?
What reached its lowest point?
Who said, ``I knew people would try and make this a day-trader thing''?
What did Bourquin worry that the actions of one man would stain?
Who do _ signed documents saying he understood the risk?
What is it?
Who did Tim Bourquin say get a feel for a stock's direction by watching what market makers do?
What do many day traders keep?
What does the Nasdaq market process?
What did someone who blew out the Atlanta killings's account take one of out on innocent victims?
What is this not?
What was this guy?
What's more speculative than that day-trading is not investing?
What do traders bantering in chat rooms buy when the futures suggest the market will rise?
Who said?
Who rarely bet against this market gauge?
What did James Lee say Friday in?
Who lost $300?
Who typically work out of places like All-Tech Investment Group and Momentum Securities where Barton traded?
What narrows or widens?
Who discussed the shootings?
Who was shooting?
What does the typical day trader tend to focus on?
What do all traders _ signed documents saying Mark Barton understood?
Who tends to buy?
What does the typical day trader tend to sell those stocks many times in a single session to take?
What do the prices of these tradeable futures contracts and the actual index normally shadow quite closely?
When does the trader return to roll the dice again?
Who was James Lee?
What did Mark Barton end July 27 at one of the two day trading establishments?
What did Bourquin worry?
What did James Lee say Friday in a statement that Barton had _ as all traders do _ signed documents saying?
Who said Friday in a statement that Barton had _ as all traders do _ signed documents saying he understood the risk?
What is not the way to invest your retirement savings or bet next month's mortgage payment?
What buy or sell stock to keep an orderly market?
What are the shares most often traded?
What do day traders see this as?
What do these companies provide to help the traders and dedicated computers loaded with software on which to trade?
What are on the Nasdaq market electronically?
What did Mark Barton end July 27 at he used?
Who was a day trader?
What did traders bantering in chat rooms discuss?
Who could have been a mechanic or a doctor?
What does the typical day trader tend to sell those stocks many times in a single session to take advantage of?
What did it reach?
What did he end July 27 at he used?
Who could have made as much as $400?
Who did Mark Barton end July 27 at one of the two day trading establishments used?
Who took one of the two day trading establishments out on innocent victims?
When is a minute plenty?
What does day-trading's more speculative than day-trading is not investing?
When does day-trading's more speculative than that is not investing?
Who cashes out?
What asked whether ``the wild risks and intense pressures of market speculation'' were to blame?
Who had lost a total of $105,000 over a period of 15 days?
Who was Mark Barton?
When did Lee say ``is important to remember''?
Who tends to sell those stocks many times in a single session to take advantage of spikes in the prices?
Who said ``It is important to remember''?
When did he end at one of the two day trading establishments he used?
What did Clements say Friday ``for''?
What sniffed the bushes?
Whose parking lot was Atlanta Police Chief Beverly Harvard in the backseat of a car in?
Who had moved Matthew and his 7-year-old sister Elizabeth Mychelle to a Stockbridge apartment?
What pointed their guns at the van?
Who raised a 9mm pistol to one side of Curtis Endicott of the Acworth Police Department's head and a. 45 caliber pistol to the other?
Who had learned from radio and TV news that police were looking for a shooter wearing those clothes?
What was late?
What was I absolutely positive was him?
Who was shocked?
What did even the seasoned paramedics who patrol Atlanta's toughest neighborhoods say they 'd never seen anything like the carnage at?
Who said Capt. Jim Simmons of the Henry County Police Department?
What's a place where people sit in front of computers to gamble on the stock market?
What had one of the people thrown a computer out the window to attract?
What did another person who saw him Tuesday notice?
Who killed his wife with a hammer?
Where was she in the backseat of a car?
Who said Friday ``My main cocern was keeping survelliance and waiting for backup''?
Who walked tensely towards the driver's side door?
What did Harvard say ``The officers found several people huddled in''?
Who shouted out, ` Mark Barton shot us! '
What did even the seasoned paramedics who patrol Atlanta's toughest neighborhoods say 'd never seen anything like the carnage at two Buckhead offices where nine were slain Thursday?
Who did a dispatcher follow?
What was Dane Pritchett?
Who did Barton tell them wanted to make a few transactions?
What did Woodard say the man ran along the Buckhead Loop in the direction of Phipps Plaza on?
Who noticed two more officers at the top of the driveway?
Who told them he wanted to make a few transactions?
What was the head about 7:55 p. m. had arrived by this time?
Who sounded for a second or two?
Who strolled into the offices of Momentum Securities Inc. on the third floor of a Buckhead office building trading day got worse About eight hours later?
Who did Travis Holmes strike up a conversation with?
What was anything like the carnage?
Whose fast-food restaurant did Barton turn right just past?
What did his daughter say Capt. Jim Simmons of?
What did he also tell fellow officers by?
Who is a troop leader?
Who did he also tell by radio what he had discovered?
When did he chat?
What did he turn right toward?
What was it Tuesday afternoon at?
What do I guess?
Who relayed the tag number by radio to a dispatcher?
When continued its slow summer surrender to evening?
What had Woodard and her colleagues learned from that police were looking for a shooter wearing those clothes?
What did they say he left a video game on?
Who turned onto Barrett Parkway?
Who said he left a video game on Matthew's body?
Who was absolutely positive it was him?
What was Barton Protective Services?
Who was across the city?
Whose car was Barton's minivan leapt out of?
Who said, ``We had no idea he had just shot the people at Piedmont center''?
What was it about 7:55 p. m. by?
What was utter chaos?
Who did she say slowed at the gas pumps?
What was Travis Holmes?
What did Woodard say the man ran along in the direction of Phipps Plaza on Lenox Road?
What said the first Atlanta police officer arrived at the office at 3 p. m.?
Who heard voices coming from a smaller room just a few feet from where the slain victims lay?
Where did Woodard say, ``We had no idea''?
Who was the clerk at the Amoco service station across the street?
What did the shooting start in?
Who turned off the interstate onto Ga. 92 in Acworth on the run About 7:50?
Whose main cocern did Clements say Friday ``was keeping survelliance and waiting for backup''?
What was Tuesday afternoon at the Bristol Green apartments in Stockbridge?
Who turned on his blue lights?
What did Dane Pritchett's head fall against?
Who was a paramedic with Grady Memorial Hospital?
What did he boot up?
Who looked strange like?
What were looking for the minivan?
What talked about camp?
Who did Harvard say arrived at the office at 3 p. m.?
Who said, ``I did not want him looking back and seeing me on the phone reporting him''?
Who was behind Barton's minivan?
Who eventually believed Smith when Atlanta Police Chief Beverly Harvard described the van and read off the license plate?
Who said, ``It was this totally, totally freakish thing''?
What did Barton raise a 9mm pistol to one side of Curtis Endicott of the Acworth Police Department's head and a. 45 caliber pistol to?
What had one of the people thrown a computer out to attract the attrention of someone on the street?
Who began combing through the other offices on the third floor?
What lay in their beds?
Who said he could tell the danger had passed by watching the officers?
Who did operaters at first eventually believe when Atlanta Police Chief Beverly Harvard described the van and read off the license plate?
What did he start typing for the police?
Who said, ``He walked over and with one hand slung the door open and then backed off''?
What had one of the people thrown a computer out the window to attract the attrention of?
Who saw five people slumped over their computer terminals?
Who had lived near the family last year in the Atlanta suburb of Morrow, before Barton split with his second wife?
Who turned right just past a McDonald's fast-food restaurant?
Who was also at the mall?
What do Marsha Jean DeFreese chalk a Stockbridge apartment up to?
Who did Smith say at 6-foot, 4-inches tall, loomed large in the mini-van?
Whose body did they say he left a video game on?
What was Barton's minivan?
Who drew his gun?
What was it about 7:55 p. m. had arrived by this time?
What did authorities say in?
What's going through your mind when you have suspect of this magnitude?
Who was in the backseat of a car in the McDonald's parking lot?
Who was his second wife?
What is Barton missing It was 3:15 p. m. in?
Who did Harvard say ``found several people huddled in the smaller room''?
What did he ease into?
Who recalled which she thought was strange?
What do you pull up behind?
Who did Smith say to?
What did Barton raise a 9mm pistol to to the other?
What did they talk about?
What did Clements wear the black stripe across?
What did the officers see?
What was she in the backseat of a car in?
What did many times exchange?
What does it's?
Who did Barton split with?
How many pistols do suddenly Barton whip out?
When did his siren sound?
Where did Barton raise a 9mm pistol to the other?
Who was Reginald McCoy?
Who did Woodard say stopped short however when he spotted an Atlanta police cruiser rolling his way?
What did Police later say?''
Who found?
What let an officer in?
Who turned left?
What was Barton's minivan leapt out of?
What did Barton come to pick up?
What does a lot's going through when Curtis Endicott of the Acworth Police Department have suspect of this magnitude?
What is Barton missing Barton Protective Services was Barton was nowhere in sight and the officers began their thorough search for the shooter throughout Piedmont Center?
Where Mrs. DeFreese had lived near the family last year, before Barton split with his second wife?
Who said ``We see shootings all the time''?
What was leapt out of his car?
What did the cops begin combing through the other offices on?
Who began canvassing the office?
What did a man sounding more urgent tell police four people were dead at at 2:58 p. m.?
Who said, ``He had just killed 12 people''?
What did Barton raise a 9mm pistol to one side of his head and a. 45 caliber pistol to?
What do she chalk up to their closeness?
What said a stuffed toy on Mychelle's body?
What had Mrs. Barton moved Matthew and his 7-year-old sister Elizabeth Mychelle to?
What did his head fall against?
What is Barton missing was 3:15 p. m. Barton was nowhere in sight and the officers began their thorough search for the shooter throughout Piedmont Center?
Who did Smith say briefly followed Barton until he turned onto Barrett Parkway?
What snaked around the third floor hallway?
What stopped in front of the minivan?
What did Atlanta Police Chief Beverly Harvard pull out?
Who was the manager of the Bristol Green apartment complex in Stockbridge?
What had Curtis Endicott of the Acworth Police Department whipped into the BP parking lot to block a possible escape route for Barton?
Who did Barton kill with a hammer?
What did Jim Fowler say he could tell had passed by watching the officers?
What was Inc.?
Who did dispatchers have alerted medical personnel to expect?
Who did not shoot?
What did Barton turn right just past?
Who do I guess knew he was dead?
Who said Friday afternoon, ``He then shot both guns at the same time''?
What was the longer letter?
What Mrs. DeFreese had lived near the family last year in, before Barton split with his second wife?
Who came to pick up her grandsonwho?
What had Woodard and Atlanta Police Chief Beverly Harvard's colleagues learned from radio and TV news for?
What did officers with shotguns search the parking decks at For hours?
Who did Barton hold down in a bathtub to make sure they were dead?
What said ``The officers found several people huddled in the smaller room''?
Who was Jim Fowler?
What did officers with shotguns search at Piedmont Center and several office buildings For hours?
What later said he made a chilling remark: ``It's a bad trading day and it's about to get worse?''
Who called Henry County Police at 3:23 p. m.?
Who turned right toward I-75?
Who did Pritchett say trained his gun on the minivan?
What did Barton stuff Marsha Jean DeFreese's body in?
Whose body did authorities say a stuffed toy on?
Who backed away?
What did dispatchers have?
Who called for back-up?
Who noticed that something was wrong?
Whose main cocern did Clements say Friday ``for''?
What was leapt out of Dane Pritchett's car?
Who did they say left a video game on Matthew's body?
What did Cobb County Police Officer Huel Clements relay the tag number by to a dispatcher?
What talked about merit badges?
Who did nobody expect in Kennesaw?
Who was you here this guy is looking for?
Who did Barton tell he wanted to make a few transactions?
What did a man sounding more urgent tell four people were dead at Momentum at 2:58 p. m.?
Who kept a safe distance at first so as not to tip off Barton that he was being followed?
What did even the seasoned paramedics who patrol Atlanta's toughest neighborhoods say at?
Who was a day-trading firm?
What do I guess they knew?
Who here was this guy everone is looking for?
Who threw open his door of his police car?
Who did Endicott say was scared?
What was this one?
What did they point at the van?
What was the head about 7:55 p. m. by?
What did we hear?
What did they say he left on Matthew's body?
What does people hope for?
What was I absolutely positive?
Who raised a 9mm pistol to one side of his head and a. 45 caliber pistol to the other?
What did Cobb County Police Officer Huel Clements relay by radio to a dispatcher?
Who said the man ran along the Buckhead Loop in the direction of Phipps Plaza on Lenox Road?
What did Barton turn off the interstate onto in Acworth on the run About 7:50?
What did Barton hold down in a bathtub to make sure they were dead?
Whose head fell against the steering wheel?
What had Woodard and Atlanta Police Chief Beverly Harvard's colleagues learned from radio and TV news that police were looking for wearing those clothes?
How many people did a man sounding more urgent tell police were dead at Momentum at 2:58 p. m.?
When did Cobb County Police Officer Huel Clements's siren sound?
Who came to pick up Marsha Jean DeFreese's grandsonwho?
Who ran?
Whose body did a handwritten note rest by?
What did he call at 3:23 p. m.?
Who pulls up behind a car?
Who did a dispatcher also tell by radio what he had discovered?
What flooded Piedmont Road?
What did Barton stroll into the offices of Momentum Securities Inc. on trading day got worse About eight hours later?
Who crouched behind the door of his patrol car?
What was Momentum Securities Inc.?
While the cops began combing through the other offices on the third floor, who circled his motorcycle on Piedmont Road below?
What do she chalk it up to?
Where did officers with shotguns search the parking decks For hours?
What had one of the people thrown out the window to attract the attrention of someone on the street?
What had he traded before in this office?
Who held the down in a bathtub to make sure they were dead?
What did Barton tell he wanted to make a few transactions?
What did a security guard from Barton Protective Services tell officers?
Who did he notice at the top of the driveway?
What said, ``He was immediately told that four people were dead and he went up to Suite 310''?
What did another person who saw Travis Tuesday notice?
Who dialed 911?
What did nobody expect him in?
Where did Woodard say the man ran along the Buckhead Loop in the direction of Phipps Plaza?
Who was 14?
Whose parking lot was she in the backseat of a car in?
What did Barton turn off onto Ga. 92 in Acworth on the run About 7:50?
Who smashed the hammer into his children?
Who we watched because he looked strange like, a knapsack on his back?
Who passed a service station on his left?
Whose body did Barton stuff in a bedroom closet?
Who did Reginald McCoy say ``see shootings all the time''?
Who did Pritchett shout at?
What was you here this guy?
Whose body did they say a stuffed toy on?
What rang out at a complex of other office building across the street?
What did they bound out of?
What did Pritchett say he trained his gun on?
What did Atlanta Police Chief Beverly Harvard dial?
What did Woodard say, ``We had no idea at''?
What did officers not know?
What did he relay the tag number by to a dispatcher?
What fell against the steering wheel?
What did an Acworth police cruiser whipped into the gas station parking lot and stop in?
Who did authorities hear from?
What had Curtis Endicott of the Acworth Police Department whipped his patrol car into?
Who stuffed Marsha Jean DeFreese's body in a bedroom closet?
Who did Barton walk toward?
What did everyone have?
Who said a stuffed toy on Mychelle's body?
What did she dial?
What was it about Several of the six Acworth police officers on duty had arrived by this time?
Who said Atlanta Police Chief Beverly Harvard thought briefly about tailing Barton but quickly decided to leave that up to the professionals?
What was about 7:55 p. m. Several of the six Acworth police officers on duty had arrived by this time?
What did the officer call for?
What did Jim Fowler say he could tell?
Who said she thought briefly about tailing Barton but quickly decided to leave that up to the professionals?
Who stayed in the apartment with his 11-year-old Matthew?
What did a dispatcher also tell fellow officers by?
What did they lie in?
What had Woodard and her colleagues learned from radio and TV news for?
What was Atlanta Police Chief Beverly Harvard in the backseat of a car in?
Who told officers they heard several shots?
What did she say Barton slowed at?
Who was Miles South?
Who said they 'd never seen anything like the carnage at two Buckhead offices where nine were slain Thursday?
Who remained locked in their offices because officers did not know whether the killer was still around?
When was it at the Bristol Green apartments in Stockbridge?
What was she in in the McDonald's parking lot?
Who did he relay the tag number by radio to?
Who was acting nervous?
What would that Mark Barton cause in the next three days on earth?
Who said Friday ``a dispatcher's main cocern was keeping survelliance and waiting for backup''?
What did they hear just a few feet from where the slain victims lay?
Who drew Dane Pritchett's gun?
What did we never see him after?
Who said Barton slowed at the gas pumps?
Who were skeptical?
What hopes for instant gains?
What did they point their guns at?
Who is missing It was 3:15 p. m. Barton was nowhere in sight and the officers began their thorough search for the shooter throughout Piedmont Center?
Who crouched behind the door of Dane Pritchett's patrol car?
Whose side door did one of the officers walk tensely towards?
What did authorities say stuffed toy on Mychelle's body?
Who did Smith say thought briefly about tailing Barton but quickly decided to leave that up to the professionals?
What bounded out of their patrol cars?
What did Mannon Smith say in?
When's a place where people sit in front of computers to gamble on the stock market?
Who said, ``They all just started holstering their guns''?
Who was you here everone is looking for?
Who called for backup?
What did Travis see?
What was Atlanta Police Chief Beverly Harvard in in the McDonald's parking lot?
What did he start typing a note for?
When Mrs. DeFreese had lived near the family in the Atlanta suburb of Morrow, before Barton split with his second wife?
What did they say stuffed toy on Mychelle's body?
What whipped out two pistols?
What did Endicott throw open his door of?
What was Miles South thinking about in building 1300?
What did Barton smash hammer into his children?
Whose son does Marsha Jean DeFreese remember thinking with, ``Something's weird ' ``Something's weird about this man''?
Who did the officers step carefully over?
When was _ the company is not related to Barton _?
What did Barton pass?
Who chalked a Stockbridge apartment up to 11 p. m.'s closeness?
What did he keep at first so as not to tip off Barton that he was being followed?
What did authorities say on?
Who waited for her brother and his girlfriend to bring her a fish filet sandwich and French Fries?
What did Smith say at, Barton loomed large in the mini-van?
What did he turn onto?
What did the cops begin combing through on the third floor?
What did authorities say a stuffed toy on?
Who wondered what was up?
When did officers with shotguns search the parking decks at Piedmont Center and several office buildings?
What did the day continue to evening?
Who was alone in an apartment with three bodies?
Who told police four people were dead at Momentum at 2:58 p. m.?
Who stepped carefully over the victims?
Who did Travis Holmes see?
Who said, ``a minivan was this totally, totally freakish thing''?
What did Police later say he made?''
What did Barton stroll into on the third floor of a Buckhead office building trading day got worse About eight hours later?
When did Atlanta Police Chief Beverly Harvard say, ``He then shot both guns at the same time''?
Who was thinking about the quiet apartment unit in building 1300?
What did FBI agents dressed for war search?
What was Mannon Smith also at?
What did Harvard say the first Atlanta police officer arrived at at 3 p. m.?
Who did a security guard from Barton Protective Services tell they heard several shots?
Who waited for her brother and Dane Pritchett's girlfriend to bring her a fish filet sandwich and French Fries?
What did Harvard say, ``He was immediately told to''?
Who pointed their guns at the van?
What did Travis Holmes talk about?
What was Barton across?
Who saw what happened next?
What found?
What did Barton turn off the interstate onto Ga. 92 in on the run About 7:50?
How many more officers did he notice at the top of the driveway?
Who had alerted police?
Who was on I-75 when he saw a minivan matching the description of Barton's minivan?
What did they say on?
Who also told fellow officers by radio what he had discovered?
Who do I guess they knew was dead?
Who was still around?
What did a dispatcher keep at first so as not to tip off Barton that he was being followed?
Who was yelling ` Get out!
What did a security guard from Barton Protective Services tell officers they heard?
What does trading day's?
Who is Barton?
Who said what they found was far worse than what they had imagined?
Who scribbled note?
Who said she saw Barton in the parking lot and recognized him as the suspect in the deadliest mass murder in Georgia history?
Who chatted for a minute or two longer?
Who had whipped his patrol car into the BP parking lot to block a possible escape route for Barton?
What did other officers hear just a few feet from where the slain victims lay?
Who did Cobb County Police Officer Huel Clements relay the tag number by radio to?
What did Police dogs sniff?
Who were hurt?
What did Travis Holmes strike up a conversation with?
What was it?
What did their stepmother also was dead, stuffed in a closet and similarly covered scribble?
Who did we never see after that?
What would that Mark Barton cause so much anguish and grief in the next three days on?
What did Barton stuff her body in?
When did the day continue its slow summer surrender?
Who did even the seasoned paramedics who patrol Atlanta's toughest neighborhoods say 'd never seen anything like the carnage at two Buckhead offices where nine were slain Thursday?
What did he relay by radio to a dispatcher?
Who walked toward Atlanta Police Chief Beverly Harvard?
What do Marsha Jean DeFreese chalk up to 11 p. m.'s closeness?
Who said?
What did she say at?
Who wore the black stripe across his badge to honor the two Cobb officers who were killed in the line of duty last weekend?
Who followed Barton?
What did a security guard from Barton Protective Services tell officers heard several shots?
Who did the shooting let in?
What does a lot's going through when you have suspect of this magnitude?
Who is a Scout?
What did authorities say a stuffed on Mychelle's body?
What had he traded many times before in?
Who guesses they knew he was dead?
How many people slumped over their computer terminals did the officers see?
What did Barton stay in with his 11-year-old Matthew?
What said he left a video game on Matthew's body?
What did he wonder?
Who did Police later say made a chilling remark: ``It's a bad trading day and it's about to get worse?''
Who eventually believed Smith when she described the van and read off the license plate?
What did a handwritten note rest by?
What did they say a stuffed toy on?
What did ambulances flood?
What did paramedics say?
Who did Clements say Friday ``was keeping survelliance and waiting for backup''?
Where did Mannon Smith say?
Who did Atlanta Police Chief Beverly Harvard say slowed at the gas pumps?
What did Officer Clements crouch behind?
Who shouted at its driver?
Who was Leigh Ann?
What was the head about Several of the six Acworth police officers on duty had arrived by this time?
What did Harvard say ``The officers found in''?
When did other officers arrive?
Who watched him because he looked strange like, a knapsack on his back?
What did Jim Fowler say?
Who was I absolutely positive it was?
Who did she wait for?
What did employees remain locked in because officers did not know whether the killer was still around?
What's going through your mind when Curtis Endicott of the Acworth Police Department have suspect of this magnitude?
Who struck up a conversation with them?
Who is missing Barton Protective Services was 3:15 p. m. Barton was nowhere in sight and the officers began their thorough search for the shooter throughout Piedmont Center?
What did Miles South wonder?
Who searched the area along Piemont Road?
Who is Travis?
Who would cause so much anguish and grief in the next three days on earth?
What did he notice two more officers at?
What did a thick trail snake around?
What had mall officials alerted?
What did Barton raise to one side of Curtis Endicott of the Acworth Police Department's head and a. 45 caliber pistol to the other?
Who said he tidied up, put the kids back in bed and tucked them in?
Who pulled out her cell phone?
Who did his daughter say?
What heard voices coming from a smaller room just a few feet from where the slain victims lay?
Who searched the parking decks at Piedmont Center and several office buildings For hours?
Who had alerted medical personnel to expect several victims, both dead and wounded?
Who was known to the people who worked there?
What is Barton missing in?
Who heard from someone who had seen Barton?
When did Barton stroll into the offices of Momentum Securities Inc. on the third floor of a Buckhead office building got worse About eight hours later?
How many hours passed before authorities heard from someone who had seen Barton?
What did Atlanta Police Chief Beverly Harvard say Barton slowed at?
Who talked about camp?
What did Barton hold them down in?
What expected him in Kennesaw?
What do suddenly Barton whip out?
Who did operaters at first eventually believe when she described the van and read off the license plate?
What had Woodard and Atlanta Police Chief Beverly Harvard's colleagues learned from that police were looking for a shooter wearing those clothes?
What did the officers begin canvassing?
Who did Woodard say ran along the Buckhead Loop in the direction of Phipps Plaza on Lenox Road?
What did even the seasoned paramedics who patrol Atlanta's toughest neighborhoods say they 'd never seen at two Buckhead offices where nine were slain Thursday?
Who did authorities say tidied up, put the kids back in bed and tucked them in?
What rested by each child's body?
What did dispatchers have alerted to expect several victims, both dead and wounded?
What did Barton tell them?
Whose siren sounded for a second or two?
Who said I was scared?
What was he known to?
What was Cobb County Police Officer Huel Clements on when he saw a minivan matching the description of Barton's minivan?
Who did Jim Fowler say could tell the danger had passed by watching the officers?
What did Barton raise to one side of his head and a. 45 caliber pistol to the other?
What did Officer Clements turn on?
Who walked toward her?
Who talked about merit badges?
While the cops began combing through the other offices on the third floor, what did another officer circle on Piedmont Road below?
What do I guess knew he was dead?
What did he have?
Who did Barton stay in the apartment with?
Where did the shooting start?
Who does Marsha Jean DeFreese remember thinking with, ``Something's weird ' ``Something's weird about this man''?
What we watched him because he looked strange like, ?
What did they exchange?
What did Endicott throw open?
What did a man sounding more urgent tell police at at 2:58 p. m.?
What did Harvard say ``in''?
Who did Barton smash the hammer into?
While the cops began combing through the other offices on the third floor, where did another officer circle his motorcycle below?
Who heard a muffled sound?
What did Atlanta Police Chief Beverly Harvard say at?
When did Clements say ``My main cocern was keeping survelliance and waiting for backup''?
Whose body did they say on?
Where did Woodard say the man ran along the Buckhead Loop on Lenox Road?
Who bounded out of their patrol cars?
Where was Atlanta Police Chief Beverly Harvard in the backseat of a car?
What did Miles South call Henry County Police at?
Who did Barton come to pick up?
What did Barton stuff in a bedroom closet?
When did Clements say ``a dispatcher's main cocern was keeping survelliance and waiting for backup''?
Who went inside?
What was it about 7:55 p. m. Several of the six Acworth police officers on duty had arrived by?
Who was his daughter?
What did Reginald McCoy say ?
What did Smith say onto?
What did suddeny shots ring out at?
Who lay in their beds?
What did employees remain locked in their offices because officers did not know?
While the cops began combing through the other offices on the third floor, what did another officer circle his motorcycle on below?
What did she pull out?
Who stuffed her body in a bedroom closet?
What did Miles South call at 3:23 p. m.?
Where did he notice two more officers?
Who were dead?
What did he call for?
Whose minivan was Officer Clements behind?
What did one of the officers walk tensely towards?
What had thrown a computer out the window to attract the attrention of someone on the street?
What did Mrs. DeFreese recall?
What did Mannon Smith turn right toward?
What did Barton turn off the interstate onto Ga. 92 in Acworth on?
Whose grandsonwho did Barton come to pick up?
Who had a black bag that hung over the shoulder of his neatly pressed blue short-sleeve shirt?
What did Harvard say ``The officers found huddled in the smaller room''?
What did a man sounding more urgent tell police were dead at Momentum at 2:58 p. m.?
Who held them down in a bathtub to make sure they were dead?
What was Miles South the manager of?
What was the head about 7:55 p. m. Several of the six Acworth police officers on duty had arrived by?
What did Dane Pritchett see?
Who saw Barton and his son?
What was Officer Clements behind?
What was he alone in?
Who eased into a BP gasoline station?
What is Barton missing Barton Protective Services was 3:15 p. m. in?
What did Harvard say the first Atlanta police officer arrived at the office at?
What were officers all over the northern part of Cobb County looking for?
Who did he follow?
Who never saw him after that?
What did Barton tell them he wanted to make?
Who was 8-year-old Mychelle?
When would that Mark Barton cause so much anguish and grief on earth?
Who booted up a home computer?
What did Barton hold the down in?
Who did a security guard from Barton Protective Services tell officers heard several shots?
What did Woodard say along?
Who said she briefly followed Barton until he turned onto Barrett Parkway?
What did they say a stuffed on Mychelle's body?
What is Barton missing It was Barton was nowhere in sight and the officers began their thorough search for the shooter throughout Piedmont Center?
Who did not know whether the killer was still around?
What was everywhere?
Whose minivan was leapt out of his car?
What did Pritchett say he trained on the minivan?
What did Smith say at 6-foot, 4-inches tall, Barton loomed large in?
When passed before authorities heard from someone who had seen Barton?
What exchanged pleasantries?
What did Atlanta Police Chief Beverly Harvard call for?
Who said he stopped short however when he spotted an Atlanta police cruiser rolling his way?
What did he call Henry County Police at?
What did Travis Holmes strike up with them?
Whose minivan was leapt out of Dane Pritchett's car?
Who said at 6-foot, 4-inches tall, Barton loomed large in the mini-van?
Who did Atlanta Police Chief Beverly Harvard wait for?
What did Woodard say the man ran along the Buckhead Loop in on Lenox Road?
Who had traded many times before in this office?
Who arrived within seconds?
Whose gun did Officer Clements draw?
Whose body did authorities say on?
Who started typing a note for the police?
Who had Mrs. Barton moved to a Stockbridge apartment?
What does the hunt begin at?
Who did Mannon Smith say saw Barton in the parking lot and recognized him as the suspect in the deadliest mass murder in Georgia history?
What started in Atlanta?
What did a man sounding more urgent tell police four people were dead at Momentum at?
What had something in common?
Who said ``even the seasoned paramedics who patrol Atlanta's toughest neighborhoods see shootings all the time''?
What did Officer Clements draw?
What Mrs. DeFreese had lived near last year in the Atlanta suburb of Morrow, before Barton split with his second wife?
What had Woodard and her colleagues learned from radio and TV news that police were looking for wearing those clothes?
Who chalked it up to their closeness?
Who split with his second wife?
What did Clements wear across his badge to honor the two Cobb officers who were killed in the line of duty last weekend?
Who said he trained his gun on the minivan?
Who exchanged pleasantries?
Who did Smith say she briefly followed until he turned onto Barrett Parkway?
What was Barton playing golf with his buddies at when he called Leigh Ann using one of his friend's cell phones?
What did he receive at the University of South Carolina in Columbia?
What did Barton collect $5,000 on?
When did Barton accept a job at TLC Manufacturing that made cleaning compounds?
Who did Barton say he sang stories songs with?
What did May 5,1979 take as a chemist for a company called Zep Manufacturing?
What did Barton receive his bachelor's degree in chemistry at?
What did ATLANTA _ Mark Orrin Barton write early Thursday in a note in, ``I have come to hate this life and this system of things''?
Who moved with his family to Sumter?
Who did Barton say he sang songs with the children tired?
What did Barton testify a deposition was he 'd kept the children overnight by himself?
Who walked into Momentum's third-floor trading room?
Who made comments to the extent something was a bad trading day?
Who was his lawyer Joseph H. Fowler of?
What did Smith say he drove through a car wash the next day?
Who did Barton say he sang them songs with?
What disclosed Friday that he had lost $105,000 on 15 trading days between June 9?
Who could not help?
What never generated more than a few thousand dollars of business a year?
Whose story did the insurers holding the policies not buy?
What did Danny Edgar Smith say indicated the victims knew their killer?
Who ceases to fill those needs?
What never went to a grand jury for indictment?
What did Smith pursue through a different tack?
Who did ADDITONAL TRIM Barton and Lang both resign from in October 1994?
What did Barton make comments to the extent was a bad trading day?
Who described Barton as ``distraught and troubled,'' a man who ``also felt his wife''?
Where did Barton say in a deposition?
Where were Barton married?
Whose rather unremarkable childhood does Thursday not appear to be rooted in?
What did Barton write?
When had he been named TLC's president?
When did ADDITONAL TRIM Barton and Lang both resign from Lomas?
When did Texarkana police spokesman Jeff Heminger say charges against Barton were dropped later because TLC board members declined to prosecute him?
When did he make comments to the extent it was?
What were full?
What did Barton receive almost $66,000 on?
Who was Barton's lawyer?
Who pursued the case through a different tack?
Who was a housewife with no income and a $600,000 life insurance policy?
What did he open at the Atlanta office of Momentum Securities Inc. on May 13?
Who told him she planned to leave her husband during this call?
Where did Barton enjoy little of the success that other investors have experienced?
Who was Danny Edgar Smith?
Who did he meet with?
Who took a job as a chemist for a company called Zep Manufacturing?
Who did TLC board members decline to prosecute?
What did Barton testify Debra insisted she have?
Who did he testify it was the first time by?
What did Barton sit at he had used to track stock prices?
Who was Barton's lawyer Joseph H. Fowler of?
What did Barton enjoy little of the success that other investors have experienced at?
What did Barton make to the extent something was a bad trading day?
What emerges of a man whose life continually lacked a semblance of the normalcy he tried to display from interviews and court records?
When did Investors Life file suit?
Who declined to prosecute Barton?
When did he awake?
What did Hauptman say this person is now serving an unrelated prison sentence in?
When did Barton say was when she pulled out of their home in her mother's red Thunderbird for the Labor Day camping weekend during his deposition?
Who do records show in March, the company filed court papers in Clayton County Superior Court over a debt by?
Who testified a deposition was the first time he 'd kept the children overnight by himself?
When does Thursday not appear to be rooted?
Who had been named TLC's president by 1988?
When did Barton start his own company?
Who did Smith say was ruled out as a suspect after his statements did not match evidence?
Who did Barton say he sang songs with the children worn out?
What transferred him to a job's Dallas laboratory?
Whose suspected role in Matthew and Mychelle's wife's death did co-workers begin hearing rumors about?
Who did she tell him planned to leave her husband during this call?
What's what he felt like he needed?
What was National Service Industries?
What took Barton to court?
What do records show in March, filed court papers in Clayton County Superior Court over a debt by Barton?
Who did Atlanta Police Chief Beverly Harvard describe as ``distraught and troubled,'' a man who ``also felt his wife''?
Who told company executives that he had seen their advertisement on the CNBC cable business-news network?
Who was to accompany him to Panama City?
Who was Michael Hauptman?
What did Danny Edgar Smith say?
Who were having an affair by that spring?
Who did Smith say investigators learned he had spent the night of the murders with?
Who exchanged routine greetings with other traders and company employees?
Who did Investors Life settle with in September 1997?
Who did he testify it was the first time 'd kept the children overnight by himself?
Who did Leigh Ann tell him liked older guys and had told Barton he was ``pretty,'' based on his photo in the company annual?
What did not match evidence?
What did investigators say they found in Barton's car, garage and home?
Who said he drove it through a car wash the next day?
What did investigators say they found blood in?
Where did Barton oversee sales from North Georgia with a $50,000 salary and a company Taurus?
What did Barton testify Debra insisted?
What did Barton open an account at on May 13?
Who was S. C.?
Who was his first wife?
Who testified it was the first time he 'd kept the children overnight by himself?
What was the Atlanta police chief?
Whose income from Micro-Blend was $85,000 a year?
Who did Smith say investigators learned had spent the night of the murders with friends?
Who collected $5,000 on another policy?
When _ the weekend after Barton's wife and mother-in-law were killed?
What did Barton add to?
What did Barton make comments to something was a bad trading day?
When did Investors Life settle with Barton?
What did Barton say on the road?
Who was vice president of human resources for Zep's parent company?
Who said in an interview that the killer was an unspecified itinerate roofer who confessed to the killing?
Who met with his lawyer?
When does it not appear to be rooted?
Who said he always seemed to get Leigh Ann when he called the office on the road?
Who did Smith say learned he had spent the night of the murders with friends?
What did she tell him she planned to leave her husband during?
Who said he was told not to wash his car?
What did Barton join in the stock market?
What was TLC Manufacturing?
Who changed jobs frequently?
What did the securities firm where Barton began his shooting rampage disclose Friday that he had lost?
Who lost $105,000?
Whose third-floor trading room did Barton walk into?
What did Barton testify was the first time he 'd kept the children overnight by himself?
Who made comments to the extent it was a bad trading day?
Who was Barton playing golf with at the end of August when he called Leigh Ann using one of his friend's cell phones?
When took a job as a chemist for a company called Zep Manufacturing?
What did he tell company executives on?
When did Texarkana police spokesman Jeff Heminger say charges against him were dropped later because TLC board members declined to prosecute him?
What was Cedar Grove?
What was Barton playing with his buddies at the end of August when he called Leigh Ann using one of his friend's cell phones?
Who said they found blood in Barton's car, garage and home?
What both resigned from Lomas in October 1994?
Who did Barton testify a deposition was the first time he 'd kept the children overnight by?
What also show that Barton was arrested Sept. 25 and briefly jailed on charges that he stole computer discs and notebook binders filled with information from the company?
Where were the university's dormitories in Columbia, S. C. , living?
What did Barton say with the children worn out?
What did authorities continue to investigate?
Who did she tell she planned to leave her husband during this call?
Who did the company called Zep Manufacturing transfer to its Dallas laboratory?
Who made as much as $86,000 a year?
What were Debra and her mother found hacked to?
What was Barton's own company?
What did bloody footprints led to the trailer's driveway and witnesses say?
What did Andy Logue say May 5,1979 remained with about four years?
Who did Barton say sang stories songs with the children tired?
What did not buy Barton's story?
What did Barton testify?
What did Barton's wife make?
What did Barton attend?
Who did Barton's defense lawyer say in an interview that the killer was?
Who had he been named by 1988?
What did Leigh Ann tell him?
What did he meet with Leigh Ann in Macon to warn her?
Whose car, garage and home did investigators say in?
Whose children were hurting as well?
What do you cease to fill?
Who did Barton say sang them songs with the children worn out?
What did Ben Kingree III say Friday, ``Barton am convinced in''?
What did Ben Kingree III say Friday, ``I am convinced in''?
What did ATLANTA _ Mark Orrin Barton lose tens of?
Who began hearing rumors about Barton's suspected role in his wife's death?
Whose death was unsettling?
Who enjoyed little of the success that other investors have experienced at Momentum?
What did he open an account at on May 13?
Who did Barton testify insisted she have a policy equal to his own?
What do records show in, the company filed court papers in Clayton County Superior Court over a debt by Barton?
Who enrolled at the University of South Carolina in Columbia?
What were living in Atlanta?
Who did Danny Edgar Smith say evidence indicated knew their killer?
Who was a Texarkana company?
What did he lose?
What was Zep's parent company?
Who did Smith say with?
What had Barton taken in Atlanta in the meantime?
What did Barton oversee sales from North Georgia to the Florida Panhandle with?
What did the lifestyle that he had indicate that he needed a young, sexy wife to maintain?
What did he meet with Leigh Ann in to warn her that she might be next?
Who was his lawyer?
Who did he meet with in Macon to warn her that she might be next?
Who was South Carolina's first wife?
Who lives followed a rocky path?
Who did Andy Logue say remained with the company about four years?
Who was a customer-support telephone operator?
Who filed suit in 1994?
Where had Barton taken a sales job with Alchem Chemical Co. in the meantime?
What did Barton enjoy that other investors have experienced at Momentum?
Who were suffering?
When did Barton make comments to the extent something was?
Who testified that he believed only Barton could have been guilty in the insurance lawsuit?
What had TLC executives been hacked to death with?
Who was she?
What did bloody footprints led to the trailer's driveway and witnesses say saw a car like Barton's company-leased Ford the night of the murders?
How many companies took Barton to court?
What show in March, the company filed court papers in Clayton County Superior Court over a debt by Barton?
What was a chemistry consulting firm called Highlander Pride Inc.?
What did Barton's defense lawyer say in that the killer was an unspecified itinerate roofer who confessed to the killing?
Who were married in Clayton County?
Who were found hacked to death?
What did he change frequently?
What did co-workers begin hearing about Barton's suspected role in his wife's death?
What did Barton fall asleep on?
Who did he testify it was the first time he 'd kept overnight by himself?
What had TLC executives been hacked to with a sharp, heavy blade?
Who said she could not fathom what transformed the 44-year-old chemist-turned-day trader into the worst mass murderer in Georgia history?
What paid out $450,000 as part of a settlement?
Who is ATLANTA _ Mark Orrin Barton's wife?
What did Barton listen to?
What emerges of a man whose life continually lacked a semblance of the normalcy ATLANTA _ Mark Orrin Barton tried to display from interviews and court records?
What had they been hacked to with a sharp, heavy blade?
Who did he meet with Leigh Ann in Macon to warn that she might be next?
What did Barton lose?
What did he take a job as a chemist for?
Who did his mother say she could not fathom into?
Where were they living?
Who said evidence indicated the victims knew their killer?
What was S. C.?
Who said he sang stories songs with the children tired?
Who dropped out?
What did she cease to fill?
When is on Wednesday?
Whose own company was a chemistry consulting firm called Highlander Pride Inc.?
Where was Barton playing golf with his buddies when he called Leigh Ann using one of his friend's cell phones?
Who said he sang them songs with the children worn out?
Who said, ``This has always been on the back of everybody's minds''?
What did Barton open at the Atlanta office of Momentum Securities Inc. on May 13?
What do Texarkana police records also show on?
Who said charges against Barton were dropped a day later because TLC board members declined to prosecute him?
What did Barton go to work for?
What did Barton make comments to the extent?
When did Andy Logue say he remained with the company?
What was his own company?
Who was Andy Logue?
Who accepted a job at TLC Manufacturing that made cleaning compounds in 1984?
Who did he exchange routine greetings with?
Who was an investigator with the district attorney's office that covers Cedar Grove?
Who began hearing rumors about Barton's suspected role in Matthew and Mychelle's wife's death?
Who were living in Atlanta?
What did Barton's defense lawyer say in an interview?
When is Tuesday?
What did he walk into?
What did he tell company executives that he had seen on the CNBC cable business-news network?
Who married David Lang a month after starting work?
Who did Smith say wiped up the interior after supposedly spilling?
Who was Harvard?
Who met with Leigh Ann in Macon to warn her that she might be next?
What did Investors Life file in 1994?
What did the company pay out as part of a settlement?
When did Ben Kingree III say, ``I am convinced that he was involved in those deaths''?
What had Barton taken a sales job with Alchem Chemical Co. in in the meantime?
What did he testify it was he 'd kept the children overnight by himself?
Whose wife and mother-in-law were killed?
What did Barton sit at the computer he had used to track?
What had her husband taken out twin life insurance policies _ $600,000 for him In the weeks before?
Who did Barton say sang stories songs with the children worn out?
What did Barton say he sang with the children worn out?
What did Smith testify in the insurance lawsuit?
Who is Leigh Ann?
Whose children is Tuesday?
Whose defense lawyer was Michael Hauptman?
What did Barton say with the children tired?
What did Danny Edgar Smith say evidence indicated?
Who ventured out of the chemical industry for the first time in his career?
What said they saw a car like Barton's company-leased Ford the night of the murders?
When did Andy Logue say remained with the company about four years?
What did Barton move with to Sumter?
What was unsettling?
What did Barton oversee sales from North Georgia to with a $50,000 salary and a company Taurus?
Who did two companies take to court?
Who did Barton meet?
When were they married?
What did Barton say of during his deposition?
Where did he meet with Leigh Ann to warn her that she might be next?
What did Barton enrol at?
What did the securities firm where Barton began his shooting rampage disclose Friday?
What did Smith say he drove it through?
Who did bloody footprints led to the trailer's driveway and witnesses say saw a car like Barton's company-leased Ford the night of the murders?
What was Columbia?
Who did Barton move with his family to?
What was Andy Logue vice president of?
What do records show in March, the company filed court papers in by Barton?
What was an Atlanta lawyer who represented Investors Life?
Who was to accompany Barton to Panama City?
What was $600,000 for her?
What did Barton exchange with other traders and company employees?
What had Barton taken a sales job with Alchem Chemical Co. in Atlanta in?
Who were killed at Cedar Grove?
What did Barton venture out of for the first time in his career?
Who did he tell that he had seen their advertisement on the CNBC cable business-news network?
What does a picture emerge of a man whose life continually lacked a semblance of the normalcy ATLANTA _ Mark Orrin Barton tried to display from?
When is Matthew and Mychelle?
What did two companies take Barton to?
What did ATLANTA _ Mark Orrin Barton lose?
Who did he take a job as for a company called Zep Manufacturing?
Who joined the company?
Who did Barton say sang them songs with the children tired?
What was to take place the weekend after Labor Day _ the weekend after Barton's wife and mother-in-law were killed?
Who were killed?
Who attended Clemson University?
What did he testify was the first time he 'd kept the children overnight by himself?
When is ATLANTA _ Mark Orrin Barton's children?
Who did Barton sit at the computer had used to track stock prices?
What did the insurers holding the policies not buy?
What did he make comments to the extent?
Who did Hauptman say is now serving an unrelated prison sentence in Indiana?
What did he write early Thursday in a note in, ``I have come to hate this life and this system of things''?
What did he enrol at?
What did co-workers begin hearing about Barton's suspected role in Matthew and Mychelle's wife's death?
What did Barton receive on a $100,000 rider policy?
Who met a new employee: 20-year-old Leigh Ann Vandiver?
Who lost tens of thousands of dollars in the stock market?
Who did Barton say became upset when they learned he was moving back to Atlanta to start his own business in a deposition?
What were Investors Life Insurance Co. of Nebraska and Primerica Life Co.?
Who does a picture emerge of from interviews and court records?
What were they married in?
Who said TLC executives became upset when they learned he was moving back to Atlanta to start his own business in a deposition?
What did Barton say he always seemed to get Leigh Ann when he called the office on?
Who did the lifestyle that he had indicate that he needed to maintain the status quo?
What was Sumter?
Who did Barton say he always seemed to get when he called the office on the road?
When did Andy Logue say May 5,1979 remained with the company?
What did Texarkana police spokesman Jeff Heminger say were dropped a day later because TLC board members declined to prosecute him?
What did Barton finish off?
Who did she tell him she planned to leave during this call?
What transferred him to its Dallas laboratory?
Who said he wiped up the interior after supposedly spilling?
What was as unsettled as his death was unsettling?
Who told him she liked older guys and had told Barton he was ``pretty,'' based on his photo in the company annual?
What did he claim?
Who said charges against him were dropped a day later because TLC board members declined to prosecute him?
Who did Barton testify a deposition was the first time 'd kept the children overnight by himself?
Who said he sang them songs with the children tired?
Who did Barton say always seemed to get Leigh Ann when he called the office on the road?
Who was Ben Kingree III?
Who was Debra and her mother?
What did Barton say he sang songs with the children tired?
What had been hacked to death with a sharp, heavy blade?
What did investigators say in?
Who went so far as to accuse Barton of the slayings?
Who testified Debra insisted she have a policy equal to his own?
What did Smith pursue the case through?
When were she and Barton having an affair?
Who did Danny Edgar Smith say evidence indicated the victims knew?
What did Barton accept in 1984?
What's difficult to trace the origins of Barton's despair?
When is his children?
What did he take as a chemist for a company called Zep Manufacturing?
Who needed?
When were the university's dormitories in Columbia, S. C. , married?
What was $85,000 a year?
What did Barton claim?
Who declined to prosecute him?
What did Barton start in July 1990?
Who opened an account at the Atlanta office of Momentum Securities Inc. on May 13?
What do records show in March, the company filed in Clayton County Superior Court over a debt by Barton?
Who were hurting as well?
Who falled asleep on the sofa?
When did Barton open an account at the Atlanta office of Momentum Securities Inc.?
When's difficult to trace the origins of Barton's despair?
What did his statements not match?
What did he claim a net worth of?
What did bloody footprints led to the trailer's driveway and witnesses say they saw a car like Barton's company-leased Ford the night of?
Whose suspected role in his wife's death did co-workers begin hearing rumors about?
Who did his mother say into?
Whose wife is Leigh Ann?
Who was scheduled to make a quarterly sales trip through the Florida Panhandle in September 1993?
What did Barton collect on another policy?
Where were Debra and her mother killed?
Who was fired?
Who said he sang stories songs with the children worn out?
Who ceased to fill his needs?
What did investigators say found blood in Barton's car, garage and home?
What did Barton drive his green minivan to?
What did Barton say he sang songs with the children worn out?
What did Barton enjoy little of the success at Momentum?
When had her husband taken out twin life insurance policies _ $600,000 for him before Debra Barton's killing?
Who did Barton testify Debra insisted have a policy equal to his own?
What did Smith say he wiped up after supposedly spilling?
Whose third-floor trading room did he walk into?
What were Barton married in?
What was as unsettled as ATLANTA _ Mark Orrin Barton's death was unsettling?
What did Barton enjoy little of that other investors have experienced at Momentum?
What did he listen to?
What did Barton sit at the computer?
Who said he remained with the company about four years?
What were married in Clayton County?
Who was 20-year-old Leigh Ann Vandiver?
When did Smith say investigators learned he had spent with friends?
Whose children were suffering?
Who added that he began buying new clothes and going to a tanning salon?
Who was Joseph H. Fowler of Douglasville?
What had her husband taken out _ $600,000 for him In the weeks before Debra Barton's killing?
Who was Debra?
When did the securities firm where Barton began his shooting rampage disclose that he had lost $105,000 on 15 trading days between June 9?
What did Barton say TLC executives became upset when they learned he was moving back to Atlanta to start his own business in?
Whose car, garage and home did investigators say they found blood in?
When did Labor Day _ after Barton's wife and mother-in-law were killed?
What did Barton oversee to the Florida Panhandle with a $50,000 salary and a company Taurus?
Where were they married?
What did Barton walk into?
What did Barton say to in a deposition?
Who was Debra Spivey?
What does that's?
Who made $40,000?
What did Smith say investigators learned he had spent the night of with friends?
What said Friday, ``I am convinced that he was involved in those deaths''?
Who is Tuesday?
What did he lose tens of?
Who finished off a six-pack?
Whose parent company was National Service Industries?
What was Ala.?
What did Barton drive to the Buckhead secdtion of Atlanta?
Who did Barton testify a deposition was the first time by?
Who claimed a net worth of $750,000?
What had they been hacked to death with?
What did he exchange with other traders and company employees?
Who said this person is now serving an unrelated prison sentence in Indiana?
When did Debra live at the Wade Hampton Hotel where Barton worked?
Who testified?
What had her husband taken out twin life insurance policies _ In the weeks before Debra Barton's killing?
What did he make comments to it was a bad trading day?
Who joined the volatile world of day trading in the stock market?
Whose degree in chemistry did he receive at the University of South Carolina in Columbia?
Who is his wife?
Who did Smith say was told not to wash his car?
Who started his own company in July 1990?
When did Barton awake?
Who did Barton testify a deposition was the first time he 'd kept overnight by himself?
Where did Hauptman say this person is now serving an unrelated prison sentence?
What did Hauptman say this person is now serving in Indiana?
Whose red Thunderbird did Barton say of during his deposition?
When did the securities firm where Barton began his shooting rampage disclose that Tuesday _ the day he went home and killed his wife?
Who was playing golf with his buddies at the end of August when he called Leigh Ann using one of his friend's cell phones?
What did Barton venture out of the chemical industry for?
Who said May 5,1979 remained with the company about four years?
When do police say?
What were they living in?
What were married May 5,1979?
Whose life was as unsettled as ATLANTA _ Mark Orrin Barton's death was unsettling?
Who oversaw sales from North Georgia to the Florida Panhandle with a $50,000 salary and a company Taurus?
What did he make comments to the extent was a bad trading day?
Who never generated more than a few thousand dollars of business a year?
What were she and Barton having by that spring?
What indicated that he needed a young, sexy wife to maintain the status quo?
Who were married May 5,1979?
How many companies were Investors Life Insurance Co. of Nebraska and Primerica Life Co.?
Who did he meet?
What does not appear to be rooted in his rather unremarkable childhood?
What did co-workers begin hearing rumors about?
What did the lifestyle that he had indicate?
What were the university's dormitories in Columbia, S. C. , living in?
Who said investigators learned he had spent the night of the murders with friends?
What said Friday, ``Barton am convinced that he was involved in those deaths''?
Who did investigators say found blood in Barton's car, garage and home?
Who met the woman who would become his first wife?
What did he fall asleep on?
What did bloody footprints led to the trailer's driveway and witnesses say they saw?
Who had taken out twin life insurance policies _ $600,000 for him In the weeks before Debra Barton's killing?
Who went to work for Micro-Blend Chemical Co.?
What did Barton join the volatile world of day trading in?
What had her husband taken out In the weeks before Debra Barton's killing?
Who settled with Barton in September 1997?
What did Barton receive at the University of South Carolina in Columbia?
What did he receive his bachelor's degree in chemistry at?
What did he write early Thursday in a note that police later found in, ``I have come to hate this life and this system of things''?
When did he open an account at the Atlanta office of Momentum Securities Inc.?
When do police say they have been unable to determine?
What did Debra live at nights?
Who did the company called Zep Manufacturing transfer to a job's Dallas laboratory?
Who did his mother say could not fathom what transformed the 44-year-old chemist-turned-day trader into the worst mass murderer in Georgia history?
What did Barton join the volatile world of in the stock market?
What suspect after his statements did not match evidence?
What did he join?
Who did Smith say investigators learned with?
Who wrote a chilling confession that concluded, ``You should kill me if you can''?
Whose degree in chemistry did Barton receive at the University of South Carolina in Columbia?
Who received almost $66,000 on a $100,000 rider policy?
Whose professional and personal lives followed a rocky path?
Who received his bachelor's degree in chemistry at the University of South Carolina in Columbia?
What did Barton say he sang with the children tired?
When does not appear to be rooted in ATLANTA _ Mark Orrin Barton's rather unremarkable childhood?
What did she tell him during this call?
What did ATLANTA _ Mark Orrin Barton change frequently?
What did Andy Logue say he remained with about four years?
Who did Leigh Ann tell she liked older guys and had told Barton he was ``pretty,'' based on his photo in the company annual?
What did Smith say?
Who did Smith say drove it through a car wash the next day?
Whose wife made $40,000?
Who lived at the Wade Hampton Hotel where Barton worked nights?
Who said this man was ruled out as a suspect after his statements did not match evidence?
When did Ben Kingree III say, ``Barton am convinced that he was involved in those deaths''?
What were Debra and her mother killed at?
What was $600,000 for him?
Who listened to a new Mary-Chapin Carpenter album?
When had Barton been named TLC's president?
What continued to investigate a three-day killing spree that left 13 people dead?
Who had been hacked to death with a sharp, heavy blade?
Who did Barton exchange routine greetings with?
What did he make to the extent it was a bad trading day?
What did the company pay out $450,000 as?
Who was Barton's defense lawyer?
What does a picture emerge of a man whose life continually lacked a semblance of the normalcy he tried to display from?
Who did he testify it was the first time he 'd kept the children overnight by?
Who sat at the computer he had used to track stock prices?
What did he tell company executives that he had seen their advertisement on?
What did May 5,1979 take a job as a chemist for?
Who awoke during the night?
What did he finish off?
What does Barton's professional and personal live followed?
What did the case never go to?
Whose lawyer was Joseph H. Fowler of Douglasville?
Who did Barton meet with?
What did Smith say he wiped up the interior after?
Who had taken a sales job with Alchem Chemical Co. in Atlanta in the meantime?
What did Barton join?
Who were two companies?
Whose life was as unsettled as his death was unsettling?
What did Barton claim a net worth of?
What disclosed Friday that Tuesday _ the day he went home and killed his wife?
Who did May 5,1979 take a job as for a company called Zep Manufacturing?
Who did Barton leave?
Who drove his green minivan to the Buckhead secdtion of Atlanta?
Who was Eloise Spivey?
Whose killing had her husband taken out twin life insurance policies _ $600,000 for him In the weeks before?
What did the company called Zep Manufacturing transfer him to?
Who had Barton been named by 1988?
What did his wife make?
Whose defense lawyer said in an interview that the killer was an unspecified itinerate roofer who confessed to the killing?
What did Smith testify that he believed only Barton could have been guilty in?
Who left Alchem?
What were wounded?
Who were hacked to death six years ago in a camper at Lake Weiss?
What did the AP also report in?
Who said, ``the workplace's chilling to hear those words''?
Who did I hit them with in the bathtub to make sure that they did not wake up in pain?
What do Jimmy Mercer doubt does either?
Who is sure no one will understand?
Who had taken out a $600,000 in life insurance on his first wife before her death?
Who do Mark Orrin Barton love so much anyway?
What do Jimmy Mercer not have those answers at?
Who was Jimmy Mercer?
What were they hacked to six years ago in a camper at Lake Weiss?
Who do I really wish had not killed her now?
What did I hit with a then put them facedown in the bathtub to make sure that they did not wake up in pain?
If they could what would I not want to?
Who did officials at one of the businesses say used the Atlanta office for 15 days of trading beginning June 9, and lost $105,000?
What were authorities very visible from the time?
However what do I deny?
Who was Ala.?
What was Texarkana?
Who was never charged in that case?
What apparently was contained names and numbers of three people _ Mark Orrin Barton's mother?
Who plan to kill the others?
Who plans to kill the others?
What were they very visible from the time?
Who did Barton shoot to death in his minivan as police stopped him at an gas station in Acworth after the shootings?
However who deny killing Leigh Ann's and her mother?
If they could who would I not want to?
Who did authorities later decide were just people to contact about the deaths?
What did each contain describing his love for each?
What did I hit them with in the bathtub to make sure that they did not wake up in pain?
Who was Gladys Barton; his children's maternal grandfather?
Who really wishes I had not killed her now?
Who said, ``It's chilling to hear those words''?
Who later decided they were just people to contact about the deaths?
Who registered the other, a 9 mm Glock?
Who said that Barton's depression led Jimmy Mercer to kill at home?
Who said, ``He went to pains to conceal the body so you cannot help''?
What was almost like they were sleeping?
Who did Vincent say this pattern appeared planned to kill the people at the day trading firms simply because they symbolized those who were profiting at his expense?
What stopped Mark Orrin Barton at an gas station in Acworth?
What was to be held in trust for Mark Orrin Barton's children?
What did a stuff toy next to Michelle?
Who was one of the main reasons for my demise?
Who are the fears of the father transferred to?
Whose depression did John Vincent say led Jimmy Mercer to kill at home?
Who loves her so much anyway?
What do I wish?
Who was Gladys Barton; his children's maternal grandfather; and an attorney?
Who blamed his wife in the letter?
Whose estranged second wife was Leigh Ann Barton?
What also reported that Barton lived in Texarkana in the late 1980s and was fired from his job as president of TLC Manufacturing after a burglary investigation?
Who really wish I had not killed Leigh Ann now?
What were their mother and maternal grandmother savagely beaten to with a tool in Alabama in 1993?
Who did I have to take with me?
Who did Barton register?
Who made no reference to his trading in the letter?
What is that he killed his children out of what appears to be a distorted sense of compassion?
What had Barton taken out on his first wife before her death?
Who 'mes sure the details do not matter?
Who did I hit with a hammer in their sleep facedown in the bathtub to make sure that they did not wake up in pain?
What did Barton shoot himself to death in as police stopped him at an gas station in Acworth after the shootings?
What said?
Who does not have those answers at this time?
What do I doubt?
Who wrote, ``I killed the children to exchange for them five minutes of pain for a lifetime of pain''?
What was Leigh Ann Barton?
What was he never denied?
Who is 8?
What did it just seem like to die?
When did officials at one of the businesses say?
What is Matthew, 11, and Michelle?
Whose wife was found in a closet in the apartment home?
What did a stuff next to Matthew's body was a video game?
What was the agency investigating the three deaths in Stockbridge?
What did he already have?
What was Barton's wife found in a closet in?
What do Mark Orrin Barton really wish?
What did police pull over?
Whose depression did John Vincent say led him to kill at home?
What did Vincent say appeared Barton planned to kill the people at the day trading firms simply because they symbolized those who were profiting at his expense?
Who was one of the main reasons for Mark Orrin Barton's demise?
What was a handwritten note lying on?
Who shot himself to death in his minivan as police stopped him at an gas station in Acworth after the shootings?
What did I hit with a hammer in their sleep facedown in the bathtub to make sure that they did not wake up in pain?
Who has come to hate this life in this system of things?
What stuffed toy next to Matthew's body next to Michelle?
Who do I really wish I had not killed now?
Who was Eloise Powell Spivey?
What contained two sentences asking someone to take care of them?
Who was found in a closet in the apartment home?
How many sentences did each contain describing Mark Orrin Barton's love for each?
Who hit them with a hammer in their sleep facedown in the bathtub to make sure that they did not wake up in pain?
What did the former chemist turn to?
What did Barton write only since then had terrifying dreams?
Who do Mark Orrin Barton really wish I had not killed now?
What indicates he killed his children from his first marriage?
Who was never denied any involvement in the letter he left?
What were dead in less than five minutes?
Who do I plan to kill?
Whose love for each did each contain two sentences describing?
What had Barton eventually settled with for $450,000?
What had been registered to another purchaser in 1983?
What was Leigh Ann one of?
What did a stuff toy was a video game?
What did each contain asking someone to take care of them?
Who has come to have no hope?
Who was Debra Spivey Barton, 36, and Leigh Ann's mother?
What do Jimmy Mercer not have at this time?
Who did the former chemist turn likened his wife's death to the shooting rampage he went on Thursday?
Who does the letter indicate he killed from his first marriage?
Who did Vincent say it appeared planned to kill the people at the day trading firms simply because they symbolized those who were profiting at his expense?
What was the letter apparently contained _ his mother?
Who were?
What did Barton write there is?
Who killed her Tuesday night?
Who do I wish did not?
What did a stuff toy next to Matthew's body was?
Who do I love so much anyway?
What was to be held in trust for his children?
Who already had it?
Who were authorities very visible from the time walked in?
What is the only explanation Barton does reveal?
What was from Mark Orrin Barton's father to me and from me to my son?
Who did I force to do it to keep them from suffering so much later?
What did Mercer say several draft versions of the letter were found on the computer in?
Who was considered the prime suspect?
Who do Mark Orrin Barton really wish had not killed Leigh Ann now?
What did authorities there have say they consider to be closed now despite the denial of John Vincent's involvement in the Alabama slaying?
Who did I hit with a then put them facedown in the bathtub to make sure that they did not wake up in pain?
Who was the letter apparently signed by?
Who was chief of the Henry County Police near Atlanta?
What were Momentum Securities?
What did Barton shoot himself to death in his minivan as police stopped him at an gas station in Acworth after?
What did the former chemist turn day trader in stocks likened his wife's death to he went on Thursday?
Whose mother was the letter apparently contained?
What cannot tell the agony?
What did he give?
What pulled over his van?
If they could who would not want them to?
What did Vincent say this pattern appeared Barton planned to kill at the day trading firms simply because they symbolized those who were profiting at his expense?
Who was Mark Orrin Barton's mother?
What said they consider the murder case of Debra Benton and Eloise Spivey to be closed now despite the denial of his involvement in the Alabama slaying?
What read I just write these things to say why?
Who was Bill Spivey?
What were the bodies of the children found in?
What was Barton?
Whose van did police pull over?
When were they very visible you walked in?
What was addressed ``To Whom It May Concern?''
What do I really wish?
Who had to take him with me?
Who was it from my father to me and from me to?
What did Mercer say were found on the computer in the home?
What did the former chemist give?
Who thought the three might be intended targets?
Who was left with $194,000 after legal fees?
What was lying on top of each bed?
Who killed Leigh Ann Tuesday night?
What did authorities later decide?
What did Mark Orrin Barton describe how he killed his estranged second wife with a hammer Tuesday, then beat and drowned his two children the following day in?
Who do Mark Orrin Barton wish did not?
Who does ATLANTA _?
What did the beds containing the children appear to be some sort of in tribute to each?
Who really could not help a?
Who did John Vincent say that Barton's depression led to kill at home?
Who doubts anyone else does either?
What was Mark Orrin Barton never denied?
What was the letter apparently contained?
What did the beds containing the children appear to be in tribute to each?
Who were sleeping?
What did I force myself to do it to keep from suffering so much later?
Who were very visible from the time Mark Orrin Barton walked in?
What did authorities later decide were just people to contact about the deaths?
Who do not have those answers at this time?
Whose apartment in Stockbridge, about 30 miles south of Atlanta was the letter found Thursday night lying on a coffee table in?
What did authorities there have say despite the denial of John Vincent's involvement in the Alabama slaying?
What did authorities there have say they consider the murder case of Debra Benton and Eloise Spivey to be closed now despite?
What did he only write: has taken its toll?
What were not released?
What can words not tell?
Who was a professor of psychology at the University of Houston?
What have I come to have?
What did authorities there have say they consider to be closed now despite the denial of his involvement in the Alabama slaying?
What was a Colt. 45- caliber?
What does the letter indicate from?
What did John Vincent say that Barton's depression led him to kill at?
What did Mark Orrin Barton describe in the one-page letter printed from a computer?
What was Barton left with $194,000 after?
What pulled over Mark Orrin Barton's van?
What did authorities there have say despite the denial of his involvement in the Alabama slaying?
What do Mark Orrin Barton wish?
Who said the workplace is unusual?
Who killed Matthew and Michelle Wednesday night?
What never explained what caused the dreams or Mark Orrin Barton's sense of hopelessness?
However who denies killing her and her mother?
What could Leigh Ann really not help?
What did a stuff next to Matthew's body next to Michelle?
Where did Mercer say several draft versions of the letter were found on the computer?
What were hacked to death six years ago in a camper at Lake Weiss?
However what do Mark Orrin Barton deny?
Who said, ``this pattern's a sense of somebody has to pay''?
When would the other business not release there?
Whose mother was Gladys Barton; his children's maternal grandfather; and an attorney?
Who were the businesses?
What did Barton walk Thursday into?
What was she?
What was Jimmy Mercer chief of near Atlanta?
Who said it appeared Barton planned to kill the people at the day trading firms simply because they symbolized those who were profiting at his expense?
Who love Leigh Ann so much anyway?
What stopped him at an gas station in Acworth?
What did authorities not have to do?
What did authorities think might be intended targets?
What did Vincent say this pattern appeared Barton planned to kill the people at simply because they symbolized those who were profiting at his expense?
What did each contain two sentences asking to take care of them?
How many sentences did each contain asking someone to take care of them?
Who was John Vincent?
Who was 44?
Who was Mark Orrin Barton's first wife of 15 years?
What did John Vincent say led Jimmy Mercer to kill at home?
Who was Leigh Ann Barton?
What was Lake Weiss?
What did the former chemist turn day trader in stocks likened to the shooting rampage he went on Thursday?
Who gave no clear motive for those killings other than he blamed his wife and the people at the companies for his depression?
Who had Barton taken out a $600,000 in life insurance on before her death?
What have I come to hate this life in?
What were authorities very visible from Mark Orrin Barton walked in?
Who really could not help it?
Whose first wife of 15 years was Debra Spivey Barton, 36, and Leigh Ann's mother?
When did the former chemist turn day trader in stocks likened his wife's death to the shooting rampage he went?
What would not release the former chemist's trading history there?
Who have come to have no hope?
What would not release his trading history there?
Who wish I did not?
Who does the letter indicate killed his children from his first marriage?
What did Barton make no reference to his trading in?
Who wrote of the similarities between the deaths and those of his first wife of 15 years?
Who only wrote: a chilling letter filled with a mix of remorse and revenge has taken its toll?
When were all of them dead?
Who forced myself to do it to keep them from suffering so much later?
What was Barton left with after legal fees?
What contained two sentences describing his love for each?
What was lying in a separate bed with blankets?
What have I come to hate in this system of things?
What did John Vincent say led him to kill at home?
What apparently was signed by Barton?
When did Barton write only?
What did authorities think?
What also were found on each of the bodies?
Who did the former chemist turn day trader in stocks likened his wife's death to the shooting rampage went on Thursday?
What did a portion of the letter read I just write these things to say?
What do I not have at this time?
What was Leigh Ann?
What did Vincent say, ``It's''?
What did Barton blame his wife in?
How many sentences did each contain describing his love for each?
Who was one of the handguns Barton used in the spree?
Who had eventually settled with the insurance company for $450,000?
Whose trading history would the other business not release there?
Who only wrote: It has taken its toll?
What did Vincent say it appeared at?
What did John Vincent say is unusual?
Who did I have to take him with?
What do Jimmy Mercer doubt?
What was the Henry County Police?
Who was his mother?
Where was a handwritten note lying?
Who were very visible from the time you walked in?
What was the letter apparently contained _ Mark Orrin Barton's mother?
Who was his first wife of 15 years?
What did each contain two sentences describing?
Who cannot help?
What never explained what caused the dreams or his sense of hopelessness?
What did Barton shoot himself to in his minivan as police stopped him at an gas station in Acworth after the shootings?
What appeared to be some sort of shrine in tribute to each?
Who did each contain two sentences asking someone to take care of?
What were very visible from the time you walked in?
Where did the AP also report?
What have Mark Orrin Barton come to hate in this system of things?
Who said several draft versions of the letter were found on the computer in the home?
What did Vincent say it appeared Barton planned to kill at the day trading firms simply because they symbolized those who were profiting at his expense?
Who do Mark Orrin Barton plan to kill?
What did each contain two sentences asking someone to take care of?
What was Texas?
Who was Joe Fowler?
What did Mark Orrin Barton only write: a chilling letter filled with a mix of remorse and revenge has taken?
Who did I force myself to do it to keep from suffering so much later?
Who said, ``This letter was left in a very obvious place''?
Who was his estranged second wife?
What was he never charged in?
What did I hit them with a then put them facedown in?
What was she one of?
Who were savagely beaten to death with a tool in Alabama in 1993?
What said Barton used the Atlanta office for 15 days of trading beginning June 9, and lost $105,000?
Whose death did the former chemist turn to?
What was the letter found Thursday night lying on a coffee table in?
However whose and her mother do Mark Orrin Barton deny?
What did Barton write of?
What were sleeping?
Who does the letter indicate Mark Orrin Barton killed from his first marriage?
What did the letter never explain?
What is no good reason?
When did Barton walk into the office of two brokerage firms where he traded and fired randomly at traders and employees?
What did each contain two sentences asking someone to take?
What said they consider the murder case of Debra Benton and Eloise Spivey to be closed now despite the denial of John Vincent's involvement in the Alabama slaying?
Who read the letter to reporters Friday?
Who am so sorry?
Who have come to hate this life in this system of things?
Who is so sorry?
What had Barton taken out a $600,000 in life insurance on his first wife before?
What did I hit them with a hammer in their sleep facedown in?
Who was the letter apparently contained names and numbers of three people _?
What was each lying in with blankets?
What was John Vincent a professor of at the University of Houston?
What were the 24 hours after Leigh Ann Barton was killed's mother and maternal grandmother savagely beaten to with a tool in Alabama in 1993?
Who was Barton considered?
Who was Debra Spivey Barton, 36, and her mother?
What did Vincent say this pattern appeared at?
What are transferred to the son?
What was from my father to me and from me to my son?
What did John Vincent say that Barton's depression led Jimmy Mercer to kill at?
What stuffed toy next to Matthew's body was a video game?
Who did a stuff toy next to Matthew's body next to?
What contained two sentences describing Mark Orrin Barton's love for each?
What does the letter indicate he killed his children from?
What did we not have to do?
Who said that Barton's depression led him to kill at home?
What indicates Mark Orrin Barton killed his children from his first marriage?
What did each contain describing Mark Orrin Barton's love for each?
What did Vincent say, ``this pattern's''?
What were three handwritten notes also found on?
Who did he kill as police pulled over his van?
What do I not have those answers at?
Who said, ``It's a sense of somebody has to pay''?
Who wrote only since then had terrifying dreams he could no longer live with?
What did Barton make in the letter?
What is the excuse?
Who was the attorney?
Whose death did the former chemist turn day trader in stocks likened to the shooting rampage he went on Thursday?
When were the 24 hours after Leigh Ann Barton was killed's mother and maternal grandmother savagely beaten to death with a tool in Alabama?
What was Eloise Powell Spivey?
When were all of there dead?
Who did not have to do any searching?
Who was 59?
What do I doubt does either?
Who walked Thursday into the office of two brokerage firms where he traded and fired randomly at traders and employees?
What did police stop him at?
Who wrote there is no reason for me to lie now?
Who was the only explanation Barton does reveal from Mark Orrin Barton's father to me and from me to?
Who wrote?
Who did Mark Orrin Barton kill as police pulled over his van?
What does the letter indicate Mark Orrin Barton killed his children from?
Who was 27?
Who killed himself as police pulled over his van?
What did Vincent say at?
What did I force myself to do to keep them from suffering so much later?
What just seemed like a quiet way to kill and a relatively painless way to die?
What had Barton eventually settled with the insurance company for?
What did bed coverings pull up to?
Who had police been registered to in 1983?
What did police stop Mark Orrin Barton at?
What was Mark Orrin Barton never charged in?
Who wrote only that he had ``been dying since October''?
What was each lying in a separate bed with?
When had police been registered to another purchaser?
What did the beds containing the children appear to be some sort of shrine in?
Whose mother was the letter apparently contained names and numbers of three people _?
Who hit them with a then put them facedown in the bathtub to make sure that they did not wake up in pain?
What were found in the other bedroom of the two-bedroom apartment?
What did Mercer say his investigation into the deaths of Leigh Ann Barton and the children is concluded but authorities would continue to search for a motive with?
Who said this pattern appeared Barton planned to kill the people at the day trading firms simply because they symbolized those who were profiting at his expense?
How many handwritten notes also were found on each of the bodies?
Who was Mark Orrin Barton's estranged second wife?
Who did a portion of the letter read just write these things to say why?
What did authorities think the three might be?
What apparently was contained names and numbers of three people _ his mother?
When did the former chemist turn day trader in stocks likened his wife's death to the shooting rampage?
What did Mark Orrin Barton describe in the one-page letter dated Thursday?
What did Mark Orrin Barton only write: has taken its toll?
Who were they hacked to death six years ago in?
What was Barton's wife found in in the apartment home?
When were their mother and maternal grandmother savagely beaten to death with a tool in Alabama?
What did he only write: It has taken?
Who turned day trader in stocks likened his wife's death to the shooting rampage he went on Thursday?
Who did Barton blame in the letter?
What have Mark Orrin Barton come to hate this life in?
Who were they very visible from the time walked in?
What did Mercer say to with the letter and eyewitness accounts of Barton's shooting spree in Atlanta?
What could she really not help?
Who did police stop at an gas station in Acworth?
Who doubt anyone else does either?
What did authorities later decide they were just?
What did a portion of the letter read I just write to say why?
What were their mother and maternal grandmother savagely beaten to death with in 1993?
What pulled up to their faces?
What have Mark Orrin Barton come to have?
Who said, ``There was not any part of the body aside from just a square portion of their face visible''?
What did not have to do any searching?
Who is the only explanation Barton does reveal that he killed out of what appears to be a distorted sense of compassion?
What did Mercer say several draft versions of the letter were found on in the home?
Who wishes I did not?
What did Vincent say it appeared Barton planned to kill the people at simply because they symbolized those who were profiting at his expense?
What were the 24 hours after Leigh Ann Barton was killed's mother and maternal grandmother savagely beaten to death with in 1993?
What did Cindy A. Northcutt say Barton spent about 30 minutes at?
What did the often rambling letter offer?
Who did Chief Jimmy W. Mercer of the Henry County police say also left handwritten notes on top of each child and his wife?
When came?
Whose letterhead was the often rambling letter printed neatly on?
What did both leave at Lintech?
What did Barton's daughter tell a day care worker?
What were four people killed in?
What was Ms. Vandiver?
Who did Cindy A. Northcutt say spent about 30 minutes at the office?
Where did Chief Jimmy W. Mercer of the Henry County police say Barton also left handwritten notes?
What was Barton's dark, troubled side hardly unknown to because of the Alabama slayings at a lakeside campground near Cedar Bluff?
Who announced that a citywide interfaith memorial service would be held on Wednesday?
When did he say he then killed his children to exchange for a lifetime of pain?''
When did James Lee say that Barton met the firm's financial requirements for trading and had signed documents saying he understood the risks of day trading?
Whose mother released a statement Friday afternoon saying that she was deeply saddened by the shootings?
Who heard the name?
Who did he say he then killed to exchange ``five minutes of pain for a lifetime of pain?''
What ruined any potential evidence?
Who was his former father-in-law?
Who dressed in casual clothes?
Who did I hear the way died?
What do a clinical psychiatrist evaluated him as someone who was ``certainly capable of homicidal thought and homicidal action'' as?
What did he explain ``There was''?
Who was trying to sell virtually every item of furniture?
What was it not?
What did Gov. Roy E. Barnes order?
Who did Richard Igou hear the way died?
What did law enforcement officials say were unlikely to ever know exactly what caused Barton to snap?
Who was the neighbor?
What did Barton write?
When was Barton apprehended by police?
Who was a co-worker at a chemical company?
What did Police also find 200 rounds of ammunition in?
What had he expressed before?
Who held a yard sale in May?
Who did each note pay brief tribute to?
When did he say he then killed his children to exchange ``five minutes of pain?''
Who died almost two years ago?
How many minutes did Cindy A. Northcutt say Barton spent at the office?
What did Investor's Life Insurance of Nebraska issue?
How many kids and the second wife did Richard Igou hear the way died?
Who was one of the main reasons for my demise?
What did Ms. Harvard say, ``He had made comments to the extent that it was a bad trading day and something to the effect''?
Who loves her so much anyway?
What do I wish?
When does the letter suggest that the rage that played out on a hot afternoon in a glitzy suburb here had its roots?
What were injured in addition to the eight men and one woman who were killed?
Who escaped?
What did law enforcement officials say to?
What did Police also find 200 rounds of in the van?
What did Ms. Harvard say she did not know?
Whose green Aerostar minivan to a BP service station in nearby Acworth drawn did Ms. Harvard say by about 8 p. m. , police had trailed?
What does the letter suggest that the rage that played out on a hot afternoon in a glitzy suburb here had in the earliest years of Barton's life?
What did Ms. Harvard say by about 8 p. m. , had trailed Barton's green Aerostar minivan to a BP service station in nearby Acworth drawn?
Who did a neighbor say confided to her that Ms. Barton had left her husband?
What did the investigators say Barton had been carrying on?
Who had suffered significant losses?
Who was then 3?
What did I hear the two kids and the second wife died?
What did Spivey fight to contain his outrage?
Who said it seemed as though Barton was trying to sell virtually every item of furniture he possessed?
Who was apprehended by police Thursday night?
What did Capt. Jim Simmons of the Henry County police say of?
What did law enforcement officials say were unlikely to ever know exactly what caused him to snap?
What did Chief Jimmy W. Mercer of the Henry County police say Barton also left on top of each child and his wife?
What did Dale say?
What did Truman explain ?
Who did law enforcement officials say were unlikely to ever know exactly what caused him to snap?
Who had he been at Ms. Vandiver?
When was a middle-class suburb south of Atlanta?
What did he not say?
What had Barton crossed by 3:07 p. m.?
What was Morrow?
What did I hit them with a then put them face-down in?
Who did the district attorney say the reports read ``make me shudder to this day''?
Where did both leave their jobs?
Whose daughter was then 3?
Who said she did not know how Barton had obtained the weapon?
Who did I hit with a hammer in their sleep?
What did Barton and his two children from his first marriage show up at?
When had been troubled as a high-risk day trader?
What does the letter suggest that the rage that played out on a hot afternoon in a glitzy suburb here had in the earliest years of his life?
How many rounds of ammunition did Police also find in the van?
What lived in Morrow on which Barton did his work?
Who have come to hate this life and this system of things?
How many ``minutes of pain did he say he then killed his children to exchange for a lifetime of pain?''
What stuffed teddy bear was left on top of Mychelle's body and a Game Boy computer on Matthew's?
Who said, ``We were extremely concerned because of the context''?
When were both married?
Who was Joseph H. Fowler?
Who said Barton also left handwritten notes on top of each child and his wife?
When did Cindy A. Northcutt say Barton spent at the office?
What were dead in less than five minutes?
Who had been trading for several months at the office?
What did police say the letter was left on?
When had he been trading at the office?
What has taken its toll?
What were found at about 3:30 p. m. that day?
What was Barton apprehended by Thursday night?
Who said they were unlikely to ever know exactly what caused him to snap?
What did Richard Igou say, ``He was the number''?
Who was then a reserve captain in the Cherokee County sheriff's department?
Who said Barton entered the branch manager's office and spoke to him and his secretary for several minutes before pulling his weapons and shooting the two employees?
Who said in an interview ``I feel like that if those people in Alabama had done their job that there 'd be 12 people alive''?
What have I come to hate?
Who has come to have no hope?
Who shot?
What did the authorities search for clues to the motive behind?
Who needed a place to live?
What was Henry County?
Who did Barton's daughter tell that he had molested her?
Who ordered that flags at the state Capitol be flown at half-staff?
Whose dark, troubled side was hardly unknown to the authorities because of the Alabama slayings at a lakeside campground near Cedar Bluff?
What did James Lee not say?
Who was Barton's father?
What did a stuff teddy bear was left on top of Mychelle's body and a Game Boy computer on?
How many minutes did she say Barton spent at the office?
Who said both survived?
What did Barton's mother release a statement Friday afternoon saying by?
What did Linda Lerner say survived?
What did I hear?
What did Ms. Harvard say?
Who was too young to testify?
Who was David McDade?
Who do I wish did not?
When did they live on which Barton did his work?
Who do I love so much anyway?
Who released a statement Friday afternoon saying that she loved her son?
Who was Cindy A. Northcutt?
What did Chief Jimmy W. Mercer of the Henry County police deny killing?
Who killed himself in his van as he was apprehended by police Thursday night?
Who hit them with a hammer in their sleep?
Who was the company's administrative manager?
Whose father died almost two years ago?
Who did Ms. Harvard say did not know how Barton had obtained the weapon?
Who was Barton's mother?
Who had expressed the rage before?
Who has been dying since October?
What did the ATF spokesman say the gun apparently was not involved in?
What did I hit them with a then put face-down in the bathtub to make sure they did not wake up in pain?
What was Linda Lerner the general counsel of?
Who did he kill as officers approached him with guns at nearby Acworth?
Who said he then killed his children to exchange ``five minutes of pain for a lifetime of pain?''
Who explained ``There was little pain''?
What was the often rambling letter printed neatly on?
When were the bodies of Barton's wife and children found at about 3:30?
What released the letter Friday as the authorities searched for clues to the motive behind Thursday's killing spree?
Who did Leigh Ann Barton take in?
Who issued the policy?
What did Atlanta's police chief say at?
What did Barton and Capt. Jim Simmons of the Henry County police's two children from his first marriage show up at?
Who said both were seriously injured?
Who said the gun apparently was not involved in this week's shootings?
What had Barton suffered?
What has it taken?
Who did he say then killed his children to exchange ``five minutes of pain for a lifetime of pain?''
What did he say also was found?
What do court records show Investor's Life Insurance of Nebraska settled for $450,000?
How many people were injured in addition to the eight men and one woman who were killed?
What was one of the first officers on the scene?
Who said Richard Igou gave what they felt were ``rehearsed'' answers to questions and refused to take a polygraph test?
What did I hit them with then put them face-down in the bathtub to make sure they did not wake up in pain?
What did Spivey say in an interview ``I feel like that if those people in Alabama had done their job''?
Who was his lawyer?
Whose body did Mercer say was found in a bedroom closet and under clothes, presumably so that it would not be discovered by the children?
What were married on May 26,1995?
Who 'mes so sorry?
Who was Ms. Vandiver?
Whose mother released a statement Friday afternoon saying that she loved her son?
Who did the district attorney say the reports he read ``make shudder to this day''?
Who said Ms. Barton's body was found in a bedroom closet and under clothes, presumably so that it would not be discovered by the children?
Who lives in South Carolina?
Who said it apparently was not involved in this week's shootings?
When did he say?''
Who did not say whether Barton had suffered significant losses?
When have I been dying?
What was notable only for the multiple phone lines and banks of computers?
Who did Fowler say on Thursday morning, visited the office of his lawyer?
Who had been covered?
Whose bustling Piedmont Road did Atlanta's police chief say at?
Who said?
What psychiatrist evaluated Barton as someone who was ``certainly capable of homicidal thought and homicidal action'' as a course of that investigation?
What did she say at?
What was their house at 6475 Sinclair Place at Morrow notable only for?
What was Barton?
What did Cindy A. Northcutt say at?
What could conduct further tests?
Who was Lintech International?
What did Julie H. Van Brunt decline to discuss?
What was signed robustly in large script?
What was hardly unknown to the authorities because of the Alabama slayings at a lakeside campground near Cedar Bluff?
What was Barton's dark, troubled side hardly unknown to the authorities because of?
Who did Barton's daughter tell a day care worker that he had molested?
What were the bodies of Barton's wife and children found at p. m. that day?
Who said the bodies of Barton's wife and children were discovered by an apartment manager who had been called by a concerned co-worker of Ms. Barton?
Who did investigators say gave what they felt were ``rehearsed'' answers to questions and refused to take a polygraph test?
What did police first learn of when he tried to steal a woman's car at 7:40 p. m. at Town Center Mall in Cobb County, northwest of Buckhead?
Who 'm so sorry?
What psychiatrist evaluated him as someone who was ``certainly capable of homicidal thought and homicidal action'' as a course of that investigation?
What did the district attorney say he read ``make me shudder to this day''?
Who do court records show settled Barton's claim for $450,000?
What did Ms. Harvard say by about 8 p. m. , police had trailed?
What did the authorities search for behind Thursday's killing spree?
When had he traded at the sprawling Piedmont Center office complex?
What suggests that the rage that played out on a hot afternoon in a glitzy suburb here had its roots in the earliest years of Barton's life?
Who said on Thursday morning, Barton visited the office of his lawyer?
Who denied killing a?
What had Barton crossed Piedmont Road by?
When have Truman been dying?
Whose mother lives in South Carolina?
What was Morrow a middle-class suburb south of?
Who approached him with guns?
What did he deny killing?
Who said the reports he read ``make me shudder to this day''?
What do court records show Investor's Life Insurance of Nebraska settled Barton's claim for?
What show Investor's Life Insurance of Nebraska settled Barton's claim for $450,000?
When did Atlanta Mayor Bill Campbell announce that a citywide interfaith memorial service would be held?
What had Barton been quietly pursued by his former father-in-law ever since?
What did Spivey fight to contain his outrage that it took the Atlanta shooting spree to spark fuller scrutiny of?
What have I come to have?
Whose office did Ms. Lerner say to?
What did Fowler say on Thursday morning, Barton visited?
Who said he purchased the Glock in 1993 from a gun shop in Warner Robins and had properly registered it?
What paid brief tribute to the victims?
Who was her husband?
What did a stuff was left on top of Mychelle's body and a Game Boy computer on Matthew's?
What have Truman come to have?
Who said, ``The reason Richard Igou was not charged was investigators could not place him inside the campground''?
Whose mother was Gladys Barton?
What did Spivey say in ``I feel like that if those people in Alabama had done their job that there 'd be 12 people alive''?
What did she say were seriously injured?
What were 13 people injured in?
When does the letter suggest?
What remained grim and devastated Friday as they reviewed the details of Thursday's carnage?
Who showed up at the apartment?
Who was Paul Dale?
Who has come to hate this life and this system of things?
What was printed neatly on Barton's letterhead?
Who was Linda Lerner?
How many people were killed in that office?
What did Police also find in the van?
Whose daughter told a day care worker that he had molested her?
Who was evaluated by a clinical psychologist who found he ``certainly was capable of homicidal thought and homicidal action'' during the investigation?
When did she say?
Who did Ms. Lerner say to?
What did Paul Dale say, ``The reason Richard Igou was not charged was inside''?
What was a yard sale not?
Who did I hit with a then put them face-down in the bathtub to make sure they did not wake up in pain?
What left their jobs at Lintech?
Who did she say purchased the Glock in 1993 from a gun shop in Warner Robins and had properly registered it?
What was a third gun also recovered by authorities at?
What did he explain ?
What was she?
Who said that Leigh Ann Barton moved out of the couple's rented house in Morrow in October, and moved into the two-bedroom apartment in nearby Stockbridge?
Whose Life Insurance of Nebraska do court records show settled Barton's claim for $450,000?
When were they married?
Who had entered All-Tech's office in Building 8 of the sprawling Piedmont Center office complex by 3:07 p. m.?
Who was the Colt registered to?
Who was Richard Igou?
Who had traded until April at the sprawling Piedmont Center office complex?
Who had finished his shooting spree in Atlanta's Buckhead financial and entertainment district?
What had the children been placed in?
Who possessed?
Who was 44?
Whose claim do court records show Investor's Life Insurance of Nebraska settled for $450,000?
What did he say he then killed his children to exchange ``five minutes of for a lifetime of pain?''
Who did officers approach with guns?
What did Chief Jimmy W. Mercer of the Henry County police say?
Who wrote, ``There's no reason for me to lie now''?
Who said Barton had been carrying on an affair with Ms. Vandiver?
What remained hospitalized Friday?
What said the letter was left on a living room coffee table?
What was the often rambling letter signed robustly in?
Who said, ``a were extremely concerned because of the context''?
What was registered to a Texas man who bought the gun in 1983?
What did I hit them with a hammer in?
When was Ga.?
Who had he been a salesman and she a customer services assistant at?
Who had been a salesman and she a customer services assistant at Ms. Vandiver?
What had Barton entered All-Tech's office in by 3:07 p. m.?
What did the area ruin?
What did Paul Dale say, ``The reason he was not charged was inside''?
Who really could not help it?
Who was Julie H. Van Brunt?
Who did Simmons say the bodies of Barton's wife and children were discovered by?
Who said there were no fingerprints or witnesses?
What did Ms. Vandiver divorce her husband in October of 1993 after?
What did he dress in?
Who have come to have no hope?
How many people remained hospitalized Friday?
Who said the children confided to her that Ms. Barton had left her husband?
Who wish I did not?
Who do a clinical psychiatrist evaluated him as as a course of that investigation?
What did Ms. Harvard say, ``He had made comments to the extent that Atlanta was a bad trading day and something to the effect''?
Who do a clinical psychiatrist evaluated as someone who was ``certainly capable of homicidal thought and homicidal action'' as a course of that investigation?
When were all of them dead?
What did a stuff teddy bear was left on on Matthew's?
When did the district attorney say the reports he read ``make me shudder''?
Who did a neighbor say the children confided to that Ms. Barton had left her husband?
What offered a remarkable glimpse into the twisted thinking of a man who seems to have carefully calculated his three-day rampage?
What did Barton's mother release a statement Friday afternoon saying?
What did she say survived?
When did Fowler say, Barton visited the office of his lawyer?
Who wrote that he killed his wife because ``she was one of the main reasons for my demise,'' but then added that he regretted killing her?
When did ten people remain hospitalized?
Who do a clinical psychiatrist evaluated Barton as as a course of that investigation?
Who have been dying since October?
Who was Dale?
Who did a neighbor say to?
What did she say?
What did she say seemed as though Barton was trying to sell virtually every item of furniture he possessed?
Who said Friday that Barton met the firm's financial requirements for trading and had signed documents saying he understood the risks of day trading?
What did I hear the way?
What had Barton entered in Building 8 of the sprawling Piedmont Center office complex by 3:07 p. m.?
Who said, ``He acted normally and said he hoped he was not disturbing anyone's trading day''?
What was both's house at 6475 Sinclair Place at Morrow notable only for?
What have Truman come to hate?
What did Leigh Ann Barton take in?
Who was Dale one of?
Who was William Spivey?
What does Barton's mother live in?
Who took them in?
What had Barton entered All-Tech's office in Building 8 of the sprawling Piedmont Center office complex by?
What did law enforcement officials say they were unlikely to ever know to?
What did Chief Jimmy W. Mercer of the Henry County police say Barton also left handwritten notes on?
Who was the district attorney in Cedar Bluff at the time?
What was James Lee president of?
What did Spivey say in an interview ?
Who were killed in the ensuing shooting spree?
Who had been quietly pursued by his former father-in-law ever since the unsolved murders of his first wife and mother-in-law?
What did police say on?
What did I hit with a hammer in their sleep?
Who killed himself as officers approached him with guns at nearby Acworth?
What did Truman explain ``There was''?
Who found traces of what they thought might be blood in Barton's car?
What did I hit them with hammer in their sleep?
Who did Barton kill in his van as he was apprehended by police Thursday night?
Who was Ga.?
What did Atlanta's police chief say that police received their first emergency call at 2:56 p. m. from a woman reporting in on Buckhead's bustling Piedmont Road?
What suggests that the rage that played out on a hot afternoon in a glitzy suburb here had its roots in the earliest years of his life?
Who was Barton evaluated by during the investigation?
Who did a neighbor say the children confided to her that Ms. Barton had left?
What did Linda Lerner say were seriously injured?
Who did Simmons say they were discovered by?
How many customers were killed in the ensuing shooting spree?
What did police say was left on a living room coffee table?
What was not the type that people have to get rid of old, unused junk?
What do a clinical psychiatrist evaluated Barton as someone who was ``certainly capable of homicidal thought and homicidal action'' as?
What was placed behind boxes?
What did James Lee say Friday?
What searched for clues to the motive behind Thursday's killing spree?
Who was the only suspect in the 1993 bludgeoning deaths of his first wife and her mother?
What did Richard Igou hear?
Who was David K. Lang?
Whose father was Truman?
What was the deadliest in the state's history?
What was the bedroom closet placed behind?
When did Barton hold a yard sale?
What was she one of?
When did she say Barton spent at the office?
What did each note pay to the victims?
Who was Gladys Barton?
What did Spivey fight to contain his outrage that it took the Atlanta shooting spree to spark?
Who said by about 8 p. m. , police had trailed Barton's green Aerostar minivan to a BP service station in nearby Acworth drawn?
What did investigators say he gave?
What has Thursday night taken?
Who declined to discuss the reasons for the resignations?
What did Simmons say were discovered by an apartment manager who had been called by a concerned co-worker of Ms. Barton?
Who said he gave what they felt were ``rehearsed'' answers to questions and refused to take a polygraph test?
Who said they were discovered by an apartment manager who had been called by a concerned co-worker of Ms. Barton?
What did I hit with a then put them face-down in the bathtub to make sure they did not wake up in pain?
What did Spivey fight to contain his outrage that it took to spark fuller scrutiny of the earlier slayings?
What had he traded until April at?
What did investigators find?
What could investigators conduct?
What did the ATF spokesman say in?
Who did Spivey say in an interview ``feel like that if those people in Alabama had done their job that there 'd be 12 people alive''?
Whose office had Barton entered in Building 8 of the sprawling Piedmont Center office complex by 3:07 p. m.?
Who was Truman?
Where did a stuff teddy bear was left on Matthew's?
What did Spivey fight to contain that it took the Atlanta shooting spree to spark fuller scrutiny of the earlier slayings?
What did Barton's mother release a statement Friday afternoon saying that she was deeply saddened by?
When did Ms. Vandiver divorce her husband after the slaying of his first wife?
Who did Fowler say on Thursday morning, Barton visited the office of?
Who was he?
What was Thursday's killing spree?
Who was the general counsel of the Montvale, N. J. -based company?
What had Barton expressed before?
Who was a third gun also recovered by at the apartment?
What first learned of his whereabouts when he tried to steal a woman's car at 7:40 p. m. at Town Center Mall in Cobb County, northwest of Buckhead?
What offered a remarkable glimpse into the twisted thinking of a man who seems to have carefully calculated Barton's three-day rampage?
What did Dale say there were?
Who hit them with a then put them face-down in the bathtub to make sure they did not wake up in pain?
What could they conduct?
Who said Barton spent about 30 minutes at the office?
Where does Barton's mother live?
Who did Barton's mother release a statement Friday afternoon saying that she loved?
What also found 200 rounds of ammunition in the van?
Who was under investigation for possible molestation of his then 3-year-old daughter?
Where did a stuff?
What was Barton evaluated by a clinical psychologist who found he ``certainly was capable of homicidal thought and homicidal action'' during?
What was the third gun?
What did Chief Jimmy W. Mercer of the Henry County police say also was found?
What were killed in that office?
What was Barton under?
Who said, ``The reason he was not charged was they could not place him inside the campground''?
Who had Barton been quietly pursued by ever since the unsolved murders of his first wife and mother-in-law?
What did Barton kill himself in as he was apprehended by police Thursday night?
Who said, ``He was the number one suspect all the way through and still is''?
Who was the district attorney?
What were five customers killed in?
Whose Life Insurance of Nebraska issued the policy?
Who did Simmons say were discovered by an apartment manager who had been called by a concerned co-worker of Ms. Barton?
Who did Ms. Vandiver divorce in October of 1993 after the slaying of his first wife?
When were all of there dead?
Who lived in Morrow on which Barton did his work?
Who could conduct further tests?
Who told a day care worker that he had molested her?
What did she say Barton spent about 30 minutes at?
Who said they were unlikely to ever know exactly what caused Barton to snap?
What did he say?
What did the ATF spokesman say apparently was not involved in this week's shootings?
Who did I hit them with a then put face-down in the bathtub to make sure they did not wake up in pain?
When did the district attorney say the reports?
What did Mercer say was found in a bedroom closet and under clothes, presumably so that it would not be discovered by the children?
What was he apprehended by Thursday night?
Who did law enforcement officials say were unlikely to ever know exactly what caused Barton to snap?
Who released a statement Friday afternoon saying that she was deeply saddened by the shootings?
Who do Truman wish did not?
What was Barton's daughter?
Who said the suspected murder weapon also was found?
Who did the investigators say had been carrying on an affair with Ms. Vandiver?
What did a neighbor say the children confided to her?
What was Warner Robins?
Who did he deny killing?
What was Ga.?
How many kids and the second wife did I hear the way died?
What did Barton hold in May?
Who was James Lee?
What did Barton and his two children from his first marriage need?
What had he finished?
Who heard the way the two kids and the second wife died?
Who divorced her husband in October of 1993 after the slaying of his first wife?
What was a. 22- caliber pistol?
What had he been trading for several months at?
What do Truman wish?
What also was recovered by authorities at the apartment?
Who had the recent months been troubled as?
What did Ms. Harvard say by, police had trailed Barton's green Aerostar minivan to a BP service station in nearby Acworth drawn?
When was he apprehended by police?
Who found traces of what before they could conduct further tests, the chemist told them he had spilled a soft drink on the area?
What did both leave their jobs at?
Who said, ``I wish there was some way to explain why this tragedy occurred or some way it could have been prevented''?
Who was Beverly Harvard?
When did Atlanta's police and political leaders remain grim and devastated as they reviewed the details of Thursday's carnage?
Who denied killing them?
Who did she say spent about 30 minutes at the office?
Who did he kill himself as officers approached him with guns at?
What was Atlanta's police chief?
What did officers approach him with?
What did Richard Igou hear the two kids and the second wife died?
What could she really not help?
Who had crossed Piedmont Road by 3:07 p. m.?
When did Atlanta Mayor Bill Campbell announce?
Who began an investigation after Barton's daughter told a day care worker that he had molested her in February of 1994?
What did Barton and Capt. Jim Simmons of the Henry County police's two children from his first marriage need?
What did a stuff on?
Who were married on May 26,1995?
What was he under?
What did she say, ``I wish''?
Who fought to contain his outrage that it took the Atlanta shooting spree to spark fuller scrutiny of the earlier slayings?
When has taken its toll?
Who had been placed in their beds?
What did the ATF spokesman say it apparently was not involved in?
Who was president of the Houston-based company?
What did investigators say Richard Igou gave?
What did Richard Igou hear the way?
Who wishes I did not?
Who held the first funeral for a victim Friday?
What is now investigating why Stayner was dismissed as a suspect when he was interviewed in February?
Who confessed to all four murders?
What there said they never had enough evidence to charge a 44-year-old independent stock trader?
What puts oh on towering pedestals?
What do some say in mud, ``Some say in''?
Who can make all sorts of pronouncements about how society has changed in that nice round 30-year interval since the original bash?
What did the FBI say were safely locked away on other charges IN THE YOSEMITE MURDERS In June?
What does a SPOT FOR THE ETHICALLY put on towering pedestals?
What does it deify?
Who does it deify?
What pays them in a single day what a good music teacher earns in a year?
When were two games put?
What were put on two years ' probation?
Who wrote that he regretted killing his wife, Leigh Ann, and that he killed the children?
When was a park naturalist found?
Who was 8?
Who did the authorities there say never had enough evidence to charge a 44-year-old independent stock trader?
Who does it pay in a single day what a good music teacher earns in a year?
Who did the three-day happening call?
What did the players emerge from?
What tried to arrest HUBERT B. HERRING?
Who finally caught up with a 44-year-old independent stock trader in nearby Cobb County?
What did the police later discover to?
Who emerged from the Los Angeles courthouse?
What there said they never had enough evidence to charge him?
What does it pay in a single day what a good music teacher earns in a year?
What just pleaded no contest to faking various disabilities?
What killed 9 people at two office buildings before killing himself as the police tried to arrest him?
Who should that get in shape to jog across a parking lot?
Who did the police later discover that HUBERT B. HERRING had bludgeoned to death in an apartment in suburban Stockbridge?
Where had Barton been the only suspect in the bludgeoning deaths of his first wife and Leigh Ann's mother?
Who does it put on towering pedestals?
What deifies them?
What should that get protesters in wheelchairs in to jog across a parking lot?
What was half of it?
What CHALLENGED Oh?
What must put in 200 hours of community service with the Special Olympics?
What did a 44-year-old independent stock trader write?
When does it pay them in a single day?
What can historians make about how society has changed in that nice round 30-year interval since the original bash?
Who did the police try to arrest?
What does a SPOT FOR THE ETHICALLY pay in a single day what a good music teacher earns in a year?
Where did officers finally catch up with a 44-year-old independent stock trader?
What should get them in shape to jog across a parking lot?
What do some say in, ``Some say Woodstock will end in fire''?
What had Barton been the only suspect in the bludgeoning deaths of his first wife and her mother six years ago in?
What did Barton vow to kill ``the people'' in a note left near the bodies of his family?
What puts them on towering pedestals?
What do not apply to me?
What were not at all amused?
What did a group of football players at the University of California at Los Angeles apparently start believing too strongly in their specialness?
What did Barton vow to kill ``the people'' that greedily sought in a note left near the bodies of his family?
What had Barton been six years ago in Alabama?
What would athletes be to need such perks?
What were injured?
Who is a handyman at the motel where the three sightseers were last seen?
What does a SPOT FOR THE ETHICALLY deify?
What did Barton vow to kill ``the people'' that greedily sought my destruction in?
What was parking cheats?
What did a SPOT FOR THE ETHICALLY challenge?
What do you not see?
Who chanted, ``Hey hey must go?''
What had Barton been the only suspect in the bludgeoning deaths of his first wife and Leigh Ann's mother six years ago in?
How many people were injured?
What was Matthew, 11, and Mychelle?
Who is Stayner?
When must each one put with the Special Olympics?
What are fires?
What was Hey hey?
What should that get in shape to jog across a parking lot?
What did nine of them just plead to then submitting applications signed by nonexistent doctors to get handicapped parking permits for the campus?
What did the FBI say on IN THE YOSEMITE MURDERS In June?
When does it pay them what a good music teacher earns in a year?
What does it put on towering pedestals?
What how's this for the prototypical '90s music fan: a professional body piercer who just happened to bring along a gas mask?
Who did the police later discover that he had bludgeoned to death in an apartment in suburban Stockbridge?
What are looting and even?
What will want to wear those Woodstock '99 T-shirts?
What was Cary Stayner?
What was community service?
Who did he write that he regretted killing?
What did the trader elude for five hours after the shootings?
What should get protesters in wheelchairs in shape to jog across a parking lot?
How many games were put on two years ' probation?
Who vowed to kill ``the people'' that greedily sought my destruction in a note left near the bodies of his family?
What did the man arrested in that case confess to?
What deifies oh?
Who did a 44-year-old independent stock trader write that he regretted killing?
What did the authorities there say never had enough evidence to charge him?
Who was found beheaded last month?
Who was 37?
When does a SPOT FOR THE ETHICALLY pay oh in a single day?
What say in mud, ``Some say Woodstock will end in fire''?
Who would be the last to need such perks?
What just pleaded no contest to then submitting applications signed by nonexistent doctors to get handicapped parking permits for the campus?
Who was the trader?
What is these athletes's physical prowess!
What can historians make all sorts of about how society has changed in that nice round 30-year interval since the original bash?
What is so _ gosh!
What called Woodstock '99 twanged to a halt?
What did nine of them just plead to faking various disabilities?
What did the authorities there say they never had?
What was ho ho?
Whose physical prowess is so _ gosh!
What should that get them in to jog across a parking lot?
When does a SPOT FOR THE ETHICALLY pay oh what a good music teacher earns in a year?
What was community service half of?
What was wet then, dry now?
What should that get them in shape to jog across?
What did officers finally catch up with a 44-year-old independent stock trader in?
Who do the world's petty rules not apply to?
What was suspended for two games?
How many Woodstock T-shirts will who want to wear?
When was ordered to pay about $1,500?
What did officers finally catch up with him in?
What tried to arrest him?
Who had been the only suspect in the bludgeoning deaths of his first wife and Leigh Ann's mother six years ago in Alabama?
What will who want to wear?
What does it put them on?
What did the authorities there say?
Who do bills _?
What did the police later discover that he had bludgeoned his wife and 2 children to?
What must each one put in 200 hours of community service with?
Who had Barton been the only suspect in the bludgeoning deaths of six years ago in Alabama?
Where had Barton been the only suspect in the bludgeoning deaths of his first wife and her mother?
When did the trader elude police?
Who was the case?
What apparently started believing a bit too strongly in their specialness?
What _ a close cousin to the greed blossoming in the Internet economy, or just plain old greed?
Who eluded police for five hours after the shootings?
Who got off easy?
What should that get protesters in wheelchairs in shape to jog across?
What later discovered that he had bludgeoned his wife and 2 children to death in an apartment in suburban Stockbridge?
What pays oh in a single day what a good music teacher earns in a year?
What was each one suspended for?
What did a KILLING SPREE LEAVES A TRAIL OF BODIES IN GEORGIA A 44-year-old independent stock trader go on?
What is their physical prowess!
Who was ho ho?
What later discovered that HUBERT B. HERRING had bludgeoned his wife and 2 children to death in an apartment in suburban Stockbridge?
Who did the authorities there say never had enough evidence to charge him?
Who did officers finally catch up with in nearby Cobb County?
Where did officers finally catch up with him?
What did a group of football players at the University of California at Los Angeles apparently start believing a bit too strongly in?
What did the authorities there say never had enough evidence to charge a 44-year-old independent stock trader?
Who finally caught up with him in nearby Cobb County?
Who delight in drawing comparisons between generations?
What does a SPOT FOR THE ETHICALLY put oh on?
What did he write?
What does and how's this for: a professional body piercer who just happened to bring along a gas mask?
What killed 9 people at two office buildings before killing HUBERT B. HERRING as the police tried to arrest him?
Who was Mark Barton?
What suggest?
What went on a shooting rampage in Atlanta?
What did the police later discover that HUBERT B. HERRING had bludgeoned his wife and 2 children to?
Who does not see people burning up trendy bistros after shelling out $7 for a glass of mediocre wine?
Who had been the only suspect in the bludgeoning deaths of his first wife and her mother six years ago in Alabama?
What did Barton have also come to Monday to make ``routine'' changes to his will?
What was Fowler's name cc 'd on a note that Barton left in his apartment with?
Where did his slain wife stuff into a closet?
What did Barton go on to commit?
Who do I guess he easily could have had a weapon with?
Who was a deeply Christian man?
Who cannot separate it, ``As a lawyer''?
What did Fowler say Thursday was concerning that Barton did not even have to come in person to do?
When did he return for the short visit to again tinker with the document?
Who did Fowler say it was concerning simple matters that Barton did not even have to come in to do?
What did he return for the short visit Thursday to again tinker with?
Who did Joe Fowler see as a man in grief?
What did Barton first approach Fowler not long after for help with some legal matters?
What do Joe Fowler guess he easily could have had with him?
What did the insurance company accuse Mychelle of?
What did the attorney say Georgia State Bar Association prohibit him from talking about the will until it is sent to court to be probated?
What did the insurance company accuse him of?
What can you not separate, ``As a lawyer''?
What did Police also strongly suspect Barton of?
Who was Barton's wife?
Who do I guess with?
Who said of the 15-minute, otherwise forgetTable encounter, ``It's odd that someone who has done this would be able to act with such deliberateness''?
What did the attorney say guidelines prohibit him from talking about the will until it is sent to court to be probated?
Whose wife was Debra, and his mother-in-law?
What did Fowler say of, ``It's odd that someone who has done this would be able to act with such deliberateness''?
What accused Mychelle of the murders?
Who did Fowler say Thursday was concerning simple matters in?
Who did Barton later kill?
What did he return for Thursday to again tinker with the document?
Who was a prominent attorney in Douglas County with deep roots in the community?
Who just seemed real normal, just talking?
Who first approached Fowler not long after the 1993 slaying of Barton's wife for help with some legal matters?
What did his slain wife stuff into at home?
Who cautiously presume the best until shown otherwise?
Who about $150,000 went to, Matthew, then 9, and Mychelle?
Whose safety were Henry County police concerned about?
What did Barton have also come to Fowler's office Monday to make?
Who did part of that work later include a $450,000 settlement in 1997 from an insurance company on a $600,000 policy on?
What initially fought the payment?
Who did the insurance company accuse of the murders?
Who did Fowler say it was concerning simple matters in?
What do Joe Fowler cautiously presume until shown otherwise?
Who was Debra, and Joe Fowler's mother-in-law?
Who went on to commit the worst slaughter in Georgia history?
Where did Mark Barton's slain wife stuff into a closet?
Whose wife was Debra, and Joe Fowler's mother-in-law?
What did Fowler say of the 15-minute, otherwise forgetTable encounter, ``It's odd with''?
Whose job was to help him with the details to carry on living?
What was Fowler's name cc 'd on a note in?
What was the deranged man also tying up loose ends _ just finishing?
Who said, ``Yeah, I heard the talk''?
What was cc 'd on a note that Barton left in his apartment with the bodies?
When did Mark Barton return for the short visit to again tinker with the document?
What did Mark Barton's slain wife stuff into a closet at?
What did Fowler say it was concerning that Barton did not even have to come in person to do?
What was Fowler's name cc 'd on a note that Barton left in with the bodies?
Who guesses he easily could have had a weapon with him?
Who said, ``Mark did''?
Who was Joe Fowler?
Who stuffed into a closet at home?
Who saw him as a man in grief?
What did the attorney say Georgia State Bar Association about?
What is signed in a week or so?
What was Mychelle?
Who later killed himself?
Who was Fowler?
What was Fowler contacted by on Thursday?
What did his slain wife stuff into a closet at?
When is a death certificate signed?
Who guess he easily could have had a weapon with him?
What accused him of the murders?
Whose two children about $150,000 went to, Matthew, then 9, and Mychelle?
When did Fowler say was concerning simple matters that Barton did not even have to come in person to do?
What is sent to court to be probated?
Who did I see him as?
Who did Police also strongly suspect?
Who did Fowler say Thursday was concerning simple matters that Barton did not even have to come in to do?
Who said it was concerning simple matters that Barton did not even have to come in person to do?
What were such coldness?
Whose slain wife stuffed into a closet at home?
Who do Joe Fowler guess with?
What will occur after a death certificate is signed in a week or so?
What was Fowler ambivalent about?
Who said, ``He did not have beady eyes or a stubbly beard or anything like that''?
What's a surreal episode in the spiraling end of a deranged man?
What did the insurance company initially fight?
Who were given police protection until Barton later killed himself?
What does Fowler not believe?
What does the office's?
What was the deranged man also tying up?
Who was Debra, and his mother-in-law?
What did part of that work later include a $450,000 settlement in 1997 from Barton took out on his wife two months before her slaying?
What later included a $450,000 settlement in 1997 from an insurance company on a $600,000 policy Barton took out on his wife two months before her slaying?
What also strongly suspected Barton of the savage bludgeoning slayings?
What did Fowler say of the 15-minute, otherwise forgetTable encounter, ``the office's odd with''?
Who do Joe Fowler guess he easily could have had a weapon with?
What did Fowler say was concerning simple matters that Barton did not even have to come in person to do?
What was to help him with the details to carry on living?
What were such deliberateness?
What do you cautiously presume until shown otherwise?
What did Barton first approach Fowler not long after the 1993 slaying of Barton's wife for help with?
Who had also come to Fowler's office Monday to make ``routine'' changes to his will?
Who did Joe Fowler see him as?
Who about $150,000 went to Barton's two children, ?
What were Henry County police concerned about?
What were concerned about his safety?
Who did Barton first approach not long after the 1993 slaying of Barton's wife for help with some legal matters?
Who returned for the short visit Thursday to again tinker with the document?
What do I guess he easily could have had with him?
Who said Georgia State Bar Association guidelines prohibit him from talking about the will until it is sent to court to be probated?
What does it's?
Who do Joe Fowler guess easily could have had a weapon with him?
Who was ambivalent about his own thoughts?
Who cautiously presumes the best until shown otherwise?
What did Fowler say of, ``the office's odd that someone who has done this would be able to act with such deliberateness''?
Who did I see as a man in grief?
When did Barton have also come to Fowler's office to make ``routine'' changes to his will?
Who was also tying up loose ends _ just finishing some errands?
What did Barton first approach Fowler not long after the 1993 slaying of Barton's wife for with some legal matters?
Who does not believe that Barton meant him any harm?
What did Mark Barton's slain wife stuff into at home?
What are just freaking out?
Who said, ``Mark Barton did not have beady eyes or a stubbly beard or anything like that''?
What were concerned about Joe Fowler's safety?
Who did the attorney say Georgia State Bar Association guidelines prohibit from talking about the will until it is sent to court to be probated?
What was the deranged man also tying up _ just finishing some errands?
What is it sent to to be probated?
Who was then 6?
Whose name was cc 'd on a note that Barton left in his apartment with the bodies?
What was Fowler's name that Barton left in his apartment with the bodies?
What went to Barton's two children, Matthew, then 9, and Mychelle?
Who was Eloise Spivey?
Who said Thursday was concerning simple matters that Barton did not even have to come in person to do?
Who do I guess easily could have had a weapon with him?
What were Fowler and his staff given until Barton later killed himself?
What did Mark Barton return for Thursday to again tinker with the document?
When was Fowler contacted by Henry County police?
What did Mark Barton return for the short visit Thursday to again tinker with?
Who was contacted by Henry County police on Thursday?
When did Barton say in a note left for authorities?
What will Leigh Ann Barton bury Pauline Vandiver at?
Who will bury her at 1 p. m. today in Macon?
Who were trying to draw some sense from these tragic events?
What did he describe as a neat, ``middle-income family setting'' that reflected a woman's taste in ``country decor?''
What was the only activity inside the apartment cleanup by during the day?
What learned with television viewers that she and the children were dead?
Who said Leigh Ann insisted Pauline Vandiver was not?
Who was released from the hospital Saturday?
What did he say the scene was consistent with Barton's note describing?
Who do I ever leave?
Who said, ``It's happening all over again in Atlanta''?
What was a walk planned down Piedmont Road to _ Securities Centre and the Piedmont Center _ where the killings occurred?
How many employees of Metro Crime Scene Disposal also cut out sections of mattresses and carpet for transportation to medical incinerators?
When did even some people in the Denver area whose families were not directly affected by the Columbine shootings say a familiar wave of disbelief washed over them?
What did several family members think?
Who did Joe Vandiver tell outright that he believed Mark Barton was guilty of the crimes?
Who did family members say insisted he was not?
Who did Rick Castaldo move with his second wife across the country to be with?
What was, ``May God be with You''?
Who is Allen Charles Tenenbaum?
Whose note describing how he beat the children unconscious, then drowned them did he say the scene was consistent with?
Who was the Stockbridge apartment?
Who did great-uncle Larry Vandiver say of, ``Those kids thought more of her than they did him''?
Whose note describing how he beat the children unconscious, then drowned them did company representative Gordy Powell say the scene was consistent with?
What was violence the sad parade of?
Who did several family members think must have done it?
Whose note describing how he beat the children unconscious, then drowned them did he say with?
Who said ``I had to ride in the car with him all the way back to Macon''?
What did they get?
Who said, ``many people still have no answers in Littleton''?
What does Katryn Stienmark work for?
What was, ``May God be with Jack Arogeti''?
What did Leigh Ann Barton's family learn with television viewers?
What did the Rev. Randy Stamper comment on Barton: ``they do not have any major foundation in''?
Whose two children were Matthew, 11, and Mychelle?
Who commented on Barton: ``many people do not have any major foundation in life but money''?
Who said, ``suicide's one sickening tragedy after another''?
Who was Ginger Lewis?
Who rode with Leigh Ann?
What was Littleton?
What did family and friends deliver?
Who struggled with whether they should have foreseen the carnage?
What is set for today for Allen Charles Tenenbaum?
Who said the four All-Tech employees still in the hospital are ``progressing''?
Who said he killed Leigh Ann on Tuesday and placed her body in a closet of her Stockbridge apartment in a note left for authorities?
What was comfort?
What did Leigh Ann Barton go on a shooting spree through?
What did a mile from the Stockbridge apartment say in at a gas station?
Who moved with Leigh Ann Barton's second wife across the country to be with his 17-year-old son?
What was a walk planned down Piedmont Road to the two office buildings _ where the killings occurred?
What did even some people in the Denver area whose families were not directly affected by the Columbine shootings say washed over them Thursday?
Who did they also remember a woman torn between a husband wanted to leave and the children she wanted to stay with?
What also remembered a woman torn between a husband she wanted to leave and the children she wanted to stay with?
How many Leigh Ann Barton's children were Matthew, 11, and Mychelle?
What was one wounded victim released from Saturday?
Who were they?
Who said, ``the Denver area whose families were not directly affected by the Columbine shootings's happening all over again in Atlanta''?
How many employees of Metro Crime Scene Disposal spent three hours removing pillows and blankets?
What did they describe her as?
What do they 're still not out of?
What dwindled?
What did he describe the apartment as a neat, ``middle-income family setting'' that reflected a woman's taste in?''
How many people attended his funeral Friday?
Who said, ``we still have no answers in Littleton''?
Who did Atlanta religious leaders say would discuss the slayings in services today?
What did several family members think he must have done?
Who was Eloise Powell Spivey?
Who did even some people in the Denver area whose families were not directly affected by the Columbine shootings say over?
Whose mother was Eloise Powell Spivey?
Who said they would discuss the slayings in services today?
What did the immense outpouring of sympathy for the nine people shot to death prompt the scheduling of a memorial service Saturday at the Grand Hyatt Hotel in?
Whose bizarre behavior were many people gathering for comfort on?
What did Barton say he killed Leigh Ann on Tuesday and placed her body in a closet of her Stockbridge apartment in?
Who did great-uncle Larry Vandiver say of, ``Those kids thought more of her than they did Leigh Ann Barton's grandmother''?
What did Atlantans trying to cope with the latest blast of violence continue with?
What was the Littleton church where many families and students sought solace?
What did Lewis recall her trip from to Macon for a reception while Mark Barton's children rode with Leigh Ann?
What did even some people in the Denver area whose families were not directly affected by the Columbine shootings say over?
Who was Leigh Ann Barton's cousin?
What did the Rev. Randy Stamper comment on Barton: ``seem to lose all hope''?
What was the only activity inside the apartment by a crime scene crew during the day?
Who did Mark Barton's children ride with?
What was healing and reflection?
Who will Leigh Ann Barton bury at 1 p. m. today in Macon?
How many people injured in the shootings remain hospitalized in the meantime?
Who did Atlanta's grief reach to where four months earlier 13 people were killed at Columbine High School?
Who did the Rev. Randy Stamper comment on: ``they do not have any major foundation in life but money''?
What did the two gun-crazed students also commit?
When did Ginger Lewis not talk?
What did Lewis recall her trip from the Atlanta wedding to while Mark Barton's children rode with Leigh Ann?
What did they also remember a woman torn between a husband?
What did mourners place a half-dozen small flower bouquets at the front door at?
What did Pauline Vandiver sit with family in the antique-packed living room of her home in Macon remembering the soft-spoken woman who was killed by a man?
Who said, ``There was very little bloodshed'' at the apartment''?
What did the Rev. Randy Stamper comment on Barton: ``many people do not have in life but money''?
Who was 52?
Who will bury Pauline Vandiver at 1 p. m. today in Macon?
What did company representative Gordy Powell say the scene was consistent with?
What did company representative Gordy Powell describe the apartment as in ``country decor?''
How many hours did three employees of Metro Crime Scene Disposal spend removing pillows and blankets?
What 're doing better?
What did he lose?
What prompted the scheduling of a memorial service Saturday at the Grand Hyatt Hotel in Buckhead?
What was the sad parade of funerals and memorials?
Whose family learned with television viewers that Leigh Ann were dead?
What did neighbors say things are returning to normal at?
What did family members say Leigh Ann insisted?
How many gun-crazed students also committed suicide?
Who did Rick Castaldo move with across the country to be with his 17-year-old son?
What was Pauline Vandiver?
What have Jack Arogeti been kept secret by?
When will the memorial service be today at Congregation Or VeShalom?
What will be at noon today at Congregation Or VeShalom?
Who have been kept secret by the family?
Who lost that?
Who did the Rev. Randy Stamper comment on: ``Some people seem to lose all hope''?
Who were Leigh Ann Barton's two children?
What did the Rev. Randy Stamper comment on Barton: ``they do not have in life but money''?
When did he not talk?
Who said?
What did Tenenbaum serve as president at?
What did three employees of Metro Crime Scene Disposal also cut out for transportation to medical incinerators?
What was St. Frances Cabrini Catholic Church?
Who was so scared if he killed his wife?
Who did even some people in the Denver area whose families were not directly affected by the Columbine shootings say a familiar wave of disbelief washed over Thursday?
Who were her own?
Who was Leigh Ann Barton's mother?
What did they also cut out sections of for transportation to medical incinerators?
Who did Rick Castaldo move with Leigh Ann Barton's second wife across the country to be with?
What is Allen Charles Tenenbaum a 48-year-old father of?
What was planned down Piedmont Road to the two office buildings _ Securities Centre and the Piedmont Center _ where the killings occurred?
What was cleanup by a crime scene crew during the day?
Who did the Rev. Randy Stamper comment on: ``many people do not have any major foundation in life but money''?
Who was his 17-year-old son?
What was a walk planned down Piedmont Road to the two office buildings?
How many people attended a devout Muslim Friday?
Who told his daughter outright that he believed Mark Barton was guilty of the crimes?
Whose note describing how he beat the children unconscious, then drowned them did company representative Gordy Powell say with?
Who 're still not out of the woods?
Who will they bury at 1 p. m. today in Macon?
Who did they also remember she wanted to leave and the children she wanted to stay with?
Who did they also remember a woman torn between a husband she wanted to leave and the children wanted to stay with?
Who were his two children?
Who said Leigh Ann insisted he was not?
Who described her as lady-like with a Christian school background?
Who thought he must have done it?
Who continued with metro?
What did Leigh Ann Barton get?
Who did Leigh Ann Barton's family learn with that Leigh Ann were dead?
Who was vice president?
Who did Tenenbaum serve as at Congregation Or VeShalom?
When will the memorial service be at noon at Congregation Or VeShalom?
What did they also cut out for transportation to medical incinerators?
Who was Richard?
What do 10 people injured in the shootings remain hospitalized in?
What did mourners place at the front door at the Henry County apartment where Barton killed his wife and two children?
What did Joe Vandiver tell his daughter outright that he believed Mark Barton was guilty of?
Who recalled her trip from the Atlanta wedding to Macon for a reception while Mark Barton's children rode with Leigh Ann?
Who did Lewis say ``I had to ride in the car with all the way back to Macon''?
Who was 44?
Who served as president at Congregation Or VeShalom?
Who were Matthew, 11, and Mychelle?
Who was Colo.?
What was Mark Barton?
What reached to Littleton where four months earlier 13 people were killed at Columbine High School?
What did three employees of Metro Crime Scene Disposal also cut out sections of mattresses and carpet for to medical incinerators?
What did Ginger Lewis say was aware that Mark Barton was a suspect in the 1993 slaying of his first wife, Debra Barton, and her mother?
Who placed a half-dozen small flower bouquets at the front door at the Henry County apartment where Barton killed his wife and two children?
What did company representative Gordy Powell describe as a neat, ``middle-income family setting'' that reflected a woman's taste in ``country decor?''
What did three employees of Metro Crime Scene Disposal also cut out sections of for transportation to medical incinerators?
Who did Derek Schimming say are ``progressing''?
Who was 8?
Who lost it all?
Who said the scene was consistent with Barton's note describing how he beat the children unconscious, then drowned them?
Who thought Ginger Lewis must have done family?
Who is a 48-year-old father of three?
Who considered what he may tell his assembly at Faith Free Full Gospel Church in Buford?
What did neighbors say are returning to normal at the apartment complex?
Who moved with his second wife across the country to be with his 17-year-old son?
What did three employees of Metro Crime Scene Disposal also cut out sections of mattresses and carpet for transportation to?
Who was 78?
Who got the body home?
What did Rick Castaldo move with Leigh Ann Barton's second wife across to be with his 17-year-old son?
What did the friends and family of Dean Delawalla gather for at the National Cremation Society Memorial Center in Lilburn on Saturday?
What did he say was consistent with Barton's note describing how he beat the children unconscious, then drowned them?
What also cut out sections of mattresses and carpet for transportation to medical incinerators?
When did three employees of Metro Crime Scene Disposal spend removing pillows and blankets?
Who was Jack Arogeti?
Who were Leigh Ann?
Who did family members say insisted Pauline Vandiver was not?
Whose children rode with Leigh Ann?
What did the friends and family of Dean Delawalla gather for his funeral services at on Saturday?
What attended a devout Muslim Friday?
Who were Mark Barton's son and daughter?
What were many people gathering for on one man's bizarre behavior?
Who did Lewis say ``with''?
What was a walk planned down to the two office buildings _ Securities Centre and the Piedmont Center _ where the killings occurred?
What will they bury her at?
Who do Leigh Ann Barton's grandmother ever leave?
What did Atlanta religious leaders say would discuss the slayings in services today?
Who also remembered a woman torn between a husband she wanted to leave and the children she wanted to stay with?
Who said the whole family was aware that Mark Barton was a suspect in the 1993 slaying of his first wife, Debra Barton, and her mother?
What was Dean Delawalla?
Who was a devout Muslim?
What was the Littleton church where several of the slain were eulogized?
Where did Lewis recall her trip from the Atlanta wedding while Mark Barton's children rode with Leigh Ann?
Whose 17-year-old son was Richard?
Who works for St. Frances Cabrini Catholic Church?
What was a clerk who recognized Barton from news photos?
Whose second wife did Rick Castaldo move with across the country to be with his 17-year-old son?
Who sat with family in the antique-packed living room of her home in Macon remembering the soft-spoken woman who was killed by a man they never quite trusted?
What did he say the scene was consistent with?
Who did they describe as lady-like with a Christian school background?
What did Lewis say ``I had to ride in the car with him''?
Who said things are returning to normal at the apartment complex?
Who commented on Barton: ``they do not have any major foundation in life but money''?
Who did Barton say killed his two children the next evening?
What did company representative Gordy Powell say with?
Who was a branch manager for All-Tech?
Who said of Leigh Ann, 27, and Mark Barton, ``Those kids thought more of her than they did him''?
What said a familiar wave of disbelief washed over them Thursday?
What did Joe Vandiver tell his daughter outright of?
What did company representative Gordy Powell say the scene was consistent with Barton's note describing?
What did neighbors say at?
What did the Rev. Randy Stamper consider at?
Whose son and daughter were Leigh Ann?
Who also committed suicide?
What was Mychelle?
What did they also cut out sections of mattresses and carpet for transportation to?
What did Joe Vandiver tell his daughter outright that he believed of?
Who ever leave Mark?
Who did several family members think must have done family?
What delivered foil-wrapped banana bread and a fruit basket tied with a yellow ribbon?
Who did Leigh Ann Barton's family learn with that she and the children were dead?
Whose grandmother ever leave Mark?
What did he describe the apartment as in ``country decor?''
Who said, ``Reality's setting in since Leigh Ann Barton got the body home''?
What will bury her at 1 p. m. today in Macon?
What did three employees of Metro Crime Scene Disposal spend three hours removing?
What did Barton say?
What got the body home?
What did she never forget?
What 're still not out of the woods?
What did Pauline Vandiver sit with family in they never quite trusted?
What did Leigh Ann never forget?
What did the immense outpouring of sympathy for the nine people shot to death prompt the scheduling of in Buckhead?
Whose cousin was Ginger Lewis?
Who never forgot a family event?
What were gathering for comfort on one man's bizarre behavior?
What did he say with?
When was one wounded victim released from the hospital?
What did Atlanta religious leaders say they would discuss the slayings in today?
What did Rick Castaldo move with his second wife across to be with his 17-year-old son?
What was violence?
Who was her mother?
What were her own?
Who said, ``Goodness was his nature''?
Who was the former attorney and businessman?
Who did family members say Leigh Ann insisted was not?
Who did Lewis say ``had to ride in the car with him all the way back to Macon''?
Who said of Leigh Ann, 27, and Mark Barton, ``Those kids thought more of her than they did Leigh Ann Barton's grandmother''?
Who is a memorial service set for today for?
How many All-Tech employees still in the hospital did Derek Schimming say are ``progressing''?
What did he go on a shooting spree through?
What will the memorial service be at noon today at?
What did the Rev. Randy Stamper comment on Barton: ``many people do not have any major foundation in''?
What attended his funeral Friday?
What did company representative Gordy Powell say was consistent with Barton's note describing how he beat the children unconscious, then drowned them?
What did Leigh Ann Barton go on through two Buckhead office buildings?
Whose family learned with television viewers that she and the children were dead?
What did they also cut out sections of mattresses and carpet for to medical incinerators?
When is a memorial service set for Allen Charles Tenenbaum?
Who 're doing better?
Who was Derek Schimming?
What did the Rev. Randy Stamper comment on Barton: ``do not have any major foundation in life but money''?
What did even some people in the Denver area whose families were not directly affected by the Columbine shootings say a familiar wave of disbelief washed over Thursday?
What did Ginger Lewis say?
What did Atlanta religious leaders say in?
What was Ga.?
Who said, ``It's one sickening tragedy after another''?
Who went on a shooting spree through two Buckhead office buildings?
What remain hospitalized in the meantime?
When did the friends and family of Dean Delawalla gather for his funeral services at the National Cremation Society Memorial Center in Lilburn?
Who described the apartment as a neat, ``middle-income family setting'' that reflected a woman's taste in ``country decor?''
Who was Leigh Ann Barton's 17-year-old son?
Who ever leaves Mark?
Who did Barton say killed Leigh Ann on Tuesday and placed her body in a closet of her Stockbridge apartment in a note left for authorities?
Who said, ``Reality's setting in since they got the body home''?
What did they also remember a woman torn between a husband she wanted to leave and the children?
What was Macon?
Who spent three hours removing pillows and blankets?
What did he go on through two Buckhead office buildings?
What were many people gathering for comfort on?
What did Derek Schimming say?
What learned with television viewers that Leigh Ann were dead?
What did the Rev. Randy Stamper comment on Barton: ``Some people seem to lose''?
Who had been preparing for his daughter Shahala's birthday when he was killed in the storm of bullets?
Whose grandmother said?
Who did Joe Vandiver tell his daughter outright that he believed was guilty of the crimes?
What described her as lady-like with a Christian school background?
What did the immense outpouring of sympathy for the nine people shot to death prompt in Buckhead?
What did Lewis recall from the Atlanta wedding to Macon for a reception while Mark Barton's children rode with Leigh Ann?
Who said he killed his two children the next evening?
When was the only activity inside the apartment cleanup by a crime scene crew?
What did several family members think Ginger Lewis must have done?
What did mourners place a half-dozen small flower bouquets at at the Henry County apartment where Barton killed his wife and two children?
Who commented on Barton: ``Some people seem to lose all hope''?
What did company representative Gordy Powell describe the apartment as a neat, ``middle-income family setting'' that reflected a woman's taste in?''
Who did the Rev. Randy Stamper comment on Barton: ``do not have any major foundation in life but money''?
Who did not talk the whole time?
Who also cut out sections of mattresses and carpet for transportation to medical incinerators?
What do many people 're still not out of?
Who gathered for his funeral services at the National Cremation Society Memorial Center in Lilburn on Saturday?
How many his children were Matthew, 11, and Mychelle?
Who did they also remember a woman torn between a husband she wanted to leave she wanted to stay with?
What have himself been kept secret by?
Whose white coffin lay draped with a blanket of pink roses?
What lay draped with a blanket of pink roses?
Who did the family decide to bury in a small cemetery next to the Irwin County church's new social hall?
What did Davis read by Leigh Ann's older sister between the hymns of ``I 'll Fly Away,'' and ``Amazing Grace''?
What is God's love stronger than?
Who did Davis read a note by between the hymns of ``I 'll Fly Away,'' and ``Amazing Grace''?
What did the blue hearse transport to Old Valley Grove Primitive Baptist Church, about 110 miles south of Macon?
What was some sobbing?
Who did organ music play from as parishioners filed out of the church?
What did the family decide to bury Barton in a small cemetery to?
Who was Leigh Ann's older sister?
Who did he later shoot in the head in an Acworth, Ga. gas station?
Who carried Barton's coffin past white columns and down a walkway to a waiting blue hearse after the service?
Who were just as much a part of this family as any of the other children?
What did Leigh Ann Barton's white coffin lie draped with?
Whose love is stronger than any sickness than a Mark Barton or anyone else can dish out?
What did about 20 news reporters and photographers line the roadside in front of the red brick church southwest of Macon to capture images of?
Whose body did the blue hearse transport to Old Valley Grove Primitive Baptist Church, about 110 miles south of Macon?
What decided to bury Barton in a small cemetery next to the Irwin County church's new social hall?
What did Church members pass out to sweat-drenched photographers listening to the service over a loudspeaker outside?
What did a half-dozen pallbearers carry Barton's coffin past white columns and down a walkway to after the service?
What transported Barton's body to Old Valley Grove Primitive Baptist Church, about 110 miles south of Macon?
What did the family decide to bury Barton in next to the Irwin County church's new social hall?
Who does the family have many pictures of being cared for by this large extended family, ``As a result''?
Whose coffin did a half-dozen pallbearers carry past white columns and down a walkway to a waiting blue hearse after the service?
Who later shot himself in the head in an Acworth, Ga. gas station?
Who do I only wish I could have spared from all of this?
What did Family and friends who made the trip mingle in before gathering around the burial tent to lay Barton to rest?
Who only wishes I could have spared you from all of this?
Who do Pastor Doug Davis only wish could have spared you from all of this?
What did Pastor Doug Davis later shoot himself in?
What did a half-dozen pallbearers carry Barton's coffin past white columns and down a walkway to a waiting blue hearse after?
What was the church?
Who am so very sorry for what has happened to you?
What did LIZELLA, Ga. _ Leigh Ann Barton leave nine dead and 12 injured at?
What withered in the heat?
What do I only wish from?
What do Pastor Doug Davis only wish from?
Who passed out bottles of spring water and cups of ice water to sweat-drenched photographers listening to the service over a loudspeaker outside?
What is stronger than death?
What did the blue hearse transport Barton's body to?
What does Duane Stanford write for?
Who lives in the community?
Whose love is stronger than death?
Who did Church members pass out bottles of spring water and cups of ice water to?
Who was 32?
Who said, ``Leigh Ann loved to take photographs''?
Who do Pastor Doug Davis only wish I could have spared from all of this?
What do Pastor Doug Davis only wish I could have spared you from?
What did about 20 news reporters and photographers line the roadside in front of the red brick church southwest of Macon to capture?
What did he leave nine dead and 12 injured at?
What buried her Sunday with little mention of the husband who killed her?
What did he later shoot himself in?
What did a half-dozen pallbearers carry past white columns and down a walkway to a waiting blue hearse after the service?
Who do I only wish could have spared you from all of this?
What does Barton's mother live in?
What do I only wish I could have spared you from?
What is stronger than any sickness than a Mark Barton or anyone else can dish out?
What lined the roadside in front of the red brick church southwest of Macon to capture images of grief for a country that wants to know why?
What did Pastor Davis ' words back in linger: God's love is stronger than pain?
What did Pastor Davis ' words back in Lizella linger: God's love is stronger than?
Who does the family have many pictures of being accepted, ``As a result''?
Who was Dana Reeves?
What did LIZELLA, Ga. _ Leigh Ann Barton's family bury her Sunday with?
Who did Pastor Doug Davis later shoot in the head in an Acworth, Ga. gas station?
Who read a note by Leigh Ann's older sister between the hymns of ``I 'll Fly Away,'' and ``Amazing Grace''?
What do expansive fields of green soybean and cotton plants wither in?
Whose words back in Lizella lingered: God's love is stronger than pain?
What did Pastor Davis ' words back in Lizella linger: is stronger than pain?
What has many pictures of Matthew and Mychelle being cared for by this large extended family, ``As a result''?
What used the family's nickname for Leigh Ann Barton?
What does the family have, ``As a result''?
Who cried out loud?
What were Matthew and Mychelle just as?
Whose mother lives in the community?
Whose family buried her Sunday with little mention of the husband who killed her?
What did about 20 news reporters and photographers line the roadside in to capture images of grief for a country that wants to know why?
What has many pictures of Matthew and Mychelle being accepted, ``As a result''?
What mingled in front of the new building before gathering around the burial tent to lay Barton to rest?
What did Davis read a note by Leigh Ann's older sister between?
Who only wish I could have spared you from all of this?
Whose love did Pastor Davis ' words back in Lizella linger: is stronger than pain?
Whose older sister was Dana Reeves?
Who left nine dead and 12 injured at two Buckhead office buildings?
What played from the outside speaker as parishioners filed out of the church?
What did the letter use?
Who is so very sorry for what has happened to you?
What was Dana Reeves?
Who did organ music play from the outside speaker as?
Whose older sister did Davis read a note by between the hymns of ``I 'll Fly Away,'' and ``Amazing Grace''?
What back in Lizella lingered: God's love is stronger than pain?
Who writes for the Atlanta Journal-Constitution Ga.?
Where did the family decide to bury Barton next to the Irwin County church's new social hall?
What did Pastor Doug Davis ask in Lizella Baptist Church not to give into the ``temptation'' of focusing on last week's ``horrific event?''
What did Pastor Doug Davis ask the congregation of about 200 mourners in Lizella Baptist Church not to give into?''
Who said, ``We have 27 years of wonderful memories of her life and only a few hours of shocking memories of her death''?
What was her husband?
Who were among the nine people Barton methodically killed last Thursday when he opened fire in two stock trading offices in Buckhead?
Where did Barton leave All-Tech Investment Group?
What did Barton tell Gary Argo that he had tapped in March?
Who was his sister-in-law?
Who does the story unfold of he had killed his first wife?
Who did Barton tell them had obtained the money and met the repayment deadline?
What was All-Tech Investment Group?
Whose trust fund did Barton tell Gary Argo that he had tapped in March?
Who was Detective Steve Walden?
Who did Detective Steve Walden say Barton had set up a meeting that morning with?
Who did Police decline to say from?
What could not be verified?
If Barton missed March, who did he think would go to jail?
Who recalled she was furious with him?
If Barton missed March, who thought he would go to jail?
Who did Barton kill when cornered by police in Cobb County?
Then what did Detective Steve Walden close in the office?
Who said, ``People said he began shutting the blinds in the office''?
Who said, ``He's called Gary before in tears when he has lost big amounts of money''?
What had several of the day traders killed or injured in the Buckhead shootings lent Barton money to pay off?
What was everyone shot at?
Then what did he close one of in the office?
When did Walden say, ``He had no money''?
What were the losses approaching $300,000 by?
What did Barton tell them?
Who lost it all?
If he missed it, who thought he would go to jail?
What is such trading information not?
Who was Barton's sister-in-law?
Then what did Detective Steve Walden close one of in the office?
Who did Barton leave All-Tech Investment Group had traded, and went to Momentum Securities Inc.?
What did Barton tell that he was facing a repayment deadline in March?
Who did Mark O. Barton sit down with?
If he missed it, who did he think would go to jail?
Whose trust fund did Barton tell Gary Argo in March?
Who could wait no longer?
Who did the Argos say told them he had lost $250,000 and had only about $20,000 left?
What has the Wall Street Journal reported that Barton lost before leaving there in April?
When did Barton tell Gary Argo that he was facing in March?
How many people were injured in the Buckhead shooting rampage before Barton fled and killed himself when cornered by police in Cobb County in addition to those killed?
What did Barton exchange small talk with other traders in?
What had gone under their desks?
Who told Gary Argo that he had tapped the children's trust fund in March?
What did Barton leave All-Tech Investment Group to?
Who said, ``People said Barton began shutting the blinds in the office''?
What did Atlanta police say Wednesday, Barton was in to fellow traders in addition?
Who did he just step up to?
What does the Wall Street Journal quote?
Who sat down with his estranged wife?
Who does the story unfold of a man haunted by mounting debt and persistent accusations he had killed?
Who did Detective Steve Walden say he had set up a meeting that morning with?
Who did Kelly Argo recall she was furious with?
Then what did he close in the office?
Who did Barton go to a Macon suburb to see about the time his wife left him?
Who was Kelly Argo?
Who was Gary?
What declined to say how much money Barton had borrowed from his colleagues?
Who did Mark O. Barton confess to huge financial losses as?
What were approaching $300,000 by the time Barton faced Leigh Ann at Christmas?
Whose confidant was her husband?
What was not erratic or ill-planned?
What did Atlanta police say Wednesday, Barton was in debt to fellow traders in?
What did he kill four more at?
What did Barton go to to see Argo and her husband about the time his wife left him?
What were 13 people injured in before Barton fled and killed himself when cornered by police in Cobb County in addition to those killed?
What did Mark O. Barton confess to as a day trader in the stock market?
What were the losses approaching by the time Barton faced Leigh Ann at Christmas?
Who said, ``This was not a shooting spree''?
What does the story unfold of a man haunted by mounting debt and persistent accusations?
What did Barton kill at Momentum?
Who said Barton had set up a meeting that morning with a Momentum manager?
Who was Barton's confidant?
Who was the lead Atlanta homicide investigator on the case?
Who waited about 25 minutes?
If he missed it, what did he think to?
What did Mark O. Barton lose?
What were intentional?
Then what did he close one of the doors in?
What did I lose?
Who told Gary Argo that he was facing a repayment deadline in March?
Who does the story unfold of a man haunted by mounting debt and persistent accusations had killed his first wife?
What did Barton tell he had obtained the money and met the repayment deadline?
What was he proficient with?
What did the Argos say?
Whose sister-in-law was Kelly Argo?
Who turned around?
When did Barton tell Gary Argo that he was facing a repayment deadline?
What did Barton tell Gary Argo in March?
What quotes unnamed sources?
What do new details emerge daily about?
Who was proficient with his firearms?
Who said Wednesday, ``He had no money''?
What said Barton told them he had lost $250,000 and had only about $20,000 left?
Who had lent Barton money to pay off numerous debts?
Who was methodical?
Who confessed to huge financial losses as a day trader in the stock market?
Who could not stop his day trading, nor stem the losses?
Who exchanged small talk with other traders in the room?
Who did Barton tell he had obtained the money and met the repayment deadline?
What did Barton kill four more at?
Then what did Detective Steve Walden close one of the doors in?
When has the Wall Street Journal reported?
What was the first place?
When did Barton wait?
Who did Atlanta police say Wednesday, Barton was in debt to in addition?
What has reported that Barton lost $400,000 at All-Tech before leaving there in April?
What were 13 people injured in the Buckhead shooting rampage before Barton fled and killed himself when cornered by police in Cobb County in?
What were fellow traders among?
What was shot at close range?
If he missed it, what did he think he would go to?
What unfolds of a man haunted by mounting debt and persistent accusations he had killed his first wife?
What emerge daily about the astounding losses Barton suffered in the market?
What were injured in the Buckhead shooting rampage before Barton fled and killed himself when cornered by police in Cobb County in addition to those killed?
What did Barton exchange with other traders in the room?
What had some people gone under?
Who did Detective Steve Walden say had set up a meeting that morning with a Momentum manager?
What had several of the day traders killed or injured in the Buckhead shootings lent to pay off numerous debts?
If Barton missed March, what did he think he would go to?
When did Barton go to a Macon suburb to see Argo and her husband?
What did he kill at Momentum?
Who went to a Macon suburb to see Argo and her husband about the time his wife left him?
Who left All-Tech Investment Group he had traded, and went to Momentum Securities Inc.?
Who killed himself when cornered by police in Cobb County?
What is not public record?
How many guns were one in each hand?
Who said he had set up a meeting that morning with a Momentum manager?
Who did Kelly Argo recall was furious with him?
What did Walden say, ``People said in''?
Who killed four more at Momentum?
Then who closed one of the doors in the office?
What were two guns?
When did Barton tell Gary Argo that he had tapped the children's trust fund?
What did Barton leave he had traded, and went to Momentum Securities Inc.?
Who did Barton exchange small talk with in the room?
How many minutes did Barton wait?
Who was her husband?
Who just stepped up to them?
If Barton missed March, what did he think to?
Who fled?
What was Atlanta homicide commander Lt. Tony Biello proficient with?
Where did Barton go to see Argo and her husband about the time his wife left him?
Who were among the nine people he methodically killed last Thursday when he opened fire in two stock trading offices in Buckhead?
Whose shots were intentional?
Who told them he had obtained the money and met the repayment deadline?
What did Barton tell that he had tapped the children's trust fund in March?
What did he just step up to?
What were one in each hand?
What said Wednesday, Barton was in debt to fellow traders in addition?
What was Aug. 5?
When was the editorial for Thursday?
What did Mark Barton in no way lose a lot of money quite rapidly in?
What do many current day traders try to anticipate in volatile stocks?
What must be closely regulated?
What do some of the most successful day traders in the old days instead run?
What do many current day traders try to anticipate short-term price moves in?
Who is Mark Barton in no way's account at one day trading firm?
What did he lose quite rapidly in day trading?
What did Barton take to learn to be a successful day trader?
What need to make sure that day trading companies disclose the risks?
What do not violate the margin rules that limit how much money can be lent for stock trading?
What was offered by All-Tech Investment Group?
What does Web site warn of?
What does it appear that most of those who try day trading lose at it?
What did he lose a lot of money quite rapidly in?
Who is his account at one day trading firm?
What does it appear that most of those who try day trading lose money at?
What was one such class offered by?
What is &QL; The tragedy of Mark Barton in no way?
What is Momentum Securities?
What also says that it is not necessary to know anything about the stock market?
What do the Securities and Exchange Commission and state regulators not make?
What does money appear at?
Who took one such class to learn to be a successful day trader?
Who lost a lot of money quite rapidly in day trading?
Who instead run classes that purport to teach people how to be successful day traders?
What appears that most of those who try day trading lose money at it?
Who do little trading now?
What does money appear that most of those who try day trading lose money at?
What changed?
Who try to anticipate short-term price moves in volatile stocks?
What do not make exaggerated profit claims?
What were relatively large several years ago?
What does Web site also say?
What is it?
What did Mark Barton in no way lose quite rapidly in day trading?
What did Mark Barton in no way lose a lot of quite rapidly in day trading?
What warns of risks?
What does money appear that most of those who try day trading lose at it?
What do some of the most successful day traders in the old days do now?
What does it appear at?
What do the Securities and Exchange Commission and state regulators not violate?
Who can the regulators not stop from gambling their money away?
What is a reminder that technological advances have made it easier to treat stock trading as something like casino gambling?
What became more efficient?
What cannot stop foolish customers from gambling their money away?
What did he lose a lot of quite rapidly in day trading?
Who did Barton take one such class to learn to be?
Who contributed to this report?
What had they sometimes played chess at?
What remained on the case?
Whose children did she furnish it with a dining room table, a love seat and a slew of pictures of her with?
Who said, ``Barton had a quick temper''?
What did Barton grab on his way out?
Who screened Barton's telephone calls?
Who was his secretary for four years?
What did Michael Hauptman eventually admit to?
What did Barton's father move to Germany for several years?
What was he having when his wife was killed?
What did he 'd lost $153,000 in?
Who was the kid with glasses, who drove a gold Plymouth Duster, among as a senior?
When did Debra suspect the Bartons was having affairs not long after Mychelle's birth, he testified?
When did Barton's career path lead him to Texarkana from the flat, piney woods of East Texas?
What did Barton tell her he had lost all his money in at Christmas?
Who was the prime suspect from the time their bodies were found?
Who split along the color line?
Who did not find an identity?
Whose father worked for the U. S. Air Force?
What did Alabama authorities remain on?
What had Milton Grisham sometimes played at Grisham's house?
What did Lt. Tony Biello blast away his victims at?
Who sat with friends in the cafeteria?
Where did Barton's father move the family for several years?
What was Barton questioned by?
What was a sprawling facility?
What did he do again?
Where did an Alabama investigator drive the Bartons?
Who ceases to fill those needs?
What did LeeAnn Burke recall at TLC Manufacturing Inc. Barton continually retreated into?
What did Barton get out of?
Who told police of Barton's unflinching demeanor as Lt. Tony Biello slowly walked through two trading offices?
Who is Barton's 76-year-old mother?
What had he convinced her by July 4,1999?
What is Barton's slaughter?
What finally crashed?
Who was Milton Grisham?
What did Barton's career path lead him to Texarkana from in 1984?
Who did Loretta Jolly say had nicknamed him ``Big Money''?
Who do Barton put in his car?
What did an Alabama investigator drive the Bartons to?
What did he dabble in in the early 1970s?
Whose house did Barton show up at?
Who did Grisham say had hallucinations?
What did Air Force brats who had traveled drugs's whole lives share?
What did they leave in a church with 3,000 members?
What did Mark walk out ``visibly angry and upset?''
What did Barton deny?
Who said he had to go to the emergency room?
Who cease to fill those needs?
What did the Bartons rarely socialize spending evenings alone in their brick ranch house on?
What did the kid with glasses, who drove a gold Plymouth Duster, disappear from the yearbook altogether in?
What did Barton's career path lead him to from the flat, piney woods of East Texas in 1984?
Who died in 1997?
What did Barton tell Leigh Ann he had lost in day trading at Christmas?
Who gave the appearance of a happy father?
Who moved a refrigerator in the break room?
What did the Bartons 'd lost in one three-day binge?
Who referred to her by a demeaning nickname: ``Stupid?''
Who spent the rest of his life under a cloud of suspicion?
Who was cornered at a BP gas station in Acworth?
Who also found a kitten?
Who recalled at TLC Manufacturing Inc. Barton continually retreated into his office?
What did he get out of?
Who did Barton say 'd found the answers to the world?
What could she not leave without telling him first what she was going to do?
Whose close friend, Rhonda Lassiter, and family members did Swanson interview?
Who did he and his wife have they named Matthew?
What did he refer to her by?''
When did he start as a chemist?
Whose house did he show up at?
Whose home life seemed just as volatile?
Who would soon return?
When was counseling?
Who did Barton begin dating newlywed in early 1993?
Who was Michael Hauptman?
What did State social workers investigate that Barton had molested his daughter, but sought no criminal charges?
Who do ATLANTA _ 'm sure the details do not matter?
When did his mother serve as the church secretary for St. James Lutheran Church?
Who told police of Barton's unflinching demeanor as he slowly walked through two trading offices?
What broke out?
Who moved the family to Germany for several years?
What did they soon join her in?
Who did he shoot in the head?
Whose kitten did a supposedly loving father shoot?
What had Milton Grisham sometimes played chess at?
What did Henry County homicide Detective Rene Swanson say the Bartons told his wife?
What did Barton take his kids to get?
Who were dead that night he struck Matthew and Mychelle as they slept in their beds, then immersed each child in the bathtub to make sure?
Who imagined himself a criminal mastermind when he broke into a drugstore as a loner in high school?
Who was the daughter?
What did Barton buy?
What could she not do anything without?
Barton kind of lost touch with him, who became so strange?
What had officers not told Barton?
What did Alabama crime investigator Danny Smith warn Leigh Ann?
What did Barton cut off?
Who suffered a miscarriage?
Who landed on his feet in his Georgia exile With no house, no job and no prospects?
What was he questioned by?
Who was a receptionist at the Macon chemical company where he was a salesman?
Who did Henry County homicide Detective Rene Swanson say the Bartons told his wife had nothing more to live for?
Who had the demons that had haunted him since childhood consumed?
What were smashed?
Who could not do anything without his permission?
Who did Grisham say had to go to the emergency room?
What drove a gold Plymouth Duster?
What did police searching the family's Stockbridge apartment see to?
Who was Debra Barton, 36, and Leigh Ann's mother?
What did Debra's family continually insist in?
What did he spend the rest of under a cloud of suspicion?
What did he spend the rest of his life under?
What did witnesses tell as Lt. Tony Biello slowly walked through two trading offices?
Who did Alabama crime investigator Danny Smith warn her that Barton said would always need a ``young, sexy'' wife?
What did they leave a mark in?
Who soon joined her in the apartment?
What was he among a handful of Sumter High's National Merit Scholar semi-finalists as?
Who did Henry County homicide Detective Rene Swanson say he told he had nothing more to live for?
Who could remember nothing about Barton or his wife?
Who did drugs return to when Mark was 11?
Who lied _ twice?
What did Barton allow him to reach a window that he knew?
Who did investigators ask whether he was having an affair when his wife was killed?
What did police say the following week Barton broke into the building through?
What was Sumter a city of?
Who was Star Wars Fruit Chews?
What blew Milton Grisham away?
Who rarely socialized spending evenings alone in their brick ranch house on a dead-end street?
Who said he told his wife he had nothing more to live for?
What do you cease to fill?
Who did he and his wife have their first child blonde they named?
Who investigated an allegation that Barton had molested his daughter, but sought no criminal charges?
Who was among a handful of Sumter High's National Merit Scholar semi-finalists as a senior?
What did Barton slam a claw hid in a hallway closet?
What was Barton cornered at?
What did his father move the family to for several years?
What did Barton download financial data and the formulas to from two computers?
Who came into the room?
What did Barton earn?
What was Barton the prime suspect from?
Who was a computer game?
Whose house had Milton Grisham sometimes played chess at?
What did he undermine by retreating behind a wall of paranoia after she had a miscarriage as a business executive?
Who did Alabama crime investigator Danny Smith visit?
Who did Alabama crime investigator Danny Smith warn her that Barton said he would always need?
Who did Henry County homicide Detective Rene Swanson say he told his wife had nothing more to live for?
Who had the Bartons convinced that he and the children had no place else to go by July 4,1999?
Who did the Bartons have?
Who did the drugs blow away?
What had he already buried?
What did he grab two 3-inch-thick file folders that contained similar information on?
Who was a member of a group called Teens Against Discrimination?
Whose losses ultimately totaled $450,000?
Who slammed a claw hid Leigh Ann's body in a hallway closet?
What cannot tell the agony?
Who did Barton lock the door behind?
What fired him Sept. 13,1990?
What got on his bad side?
What was Barton busted for breaking into a drugstore at?
What did jolly order?
What could she not leave without telling him first when she was going to be back?
What did they buy with plenty of space for their two children and two cats?
Who did Leigh Ann leave her husband just before Labor Day _ the same weekend took a trip to the Spivey family's cabin in Alabama?
Whose customarily bright and social character was it in stark contrast from?
What was Star Wars Fruit Chews?
If it had not been for the fact what was a murder scene?
What had Barton murdered?
Whose life was anything?
What did the Bartons say ``I need''?
What did the Bartons's shooting rampage begin at?
Who was LeeAnn Burke?
Who figured, ` I 'm an outcast?
Who furnished a two-bedroom apartment with a dining room table, a love seat and a slew of pictures of her with Barton's children?
What crumbled?
What did Barton's wife come into?
Whose head did Barton slam a claw hammer into as she slept?
Who said later, ``just get totally out of hand?''
Who appeared in his junior yearbook picture in what seemed to be the same striped shirt he had worn for his sophomore picture?
Who joined First Baptist Church of Texarkana with a theaterlike sanctuary on the outskirts of town in 1989?
Who did his mother serve more than 20 years as?
What did Henry County homicide Detective Rene Swanson say he told his wife?
Who did Barton allow to reach a window that he knew was never locked?
What do dispassionate _ only made more determined to pursue him his demeanor _ cool?
What did he order?
Who did not play sports did not care much about anything beyond chemistry and math?
What did somebody get on?
Who was successful businessman?
What did he shoot?
Who slammed a claw hid her body in a hallway closet?
What did Barton get off with?
What was she a customer service trainer at?
Who had a daughter?
What saw that Barton had tried to scrub the blood in the bathroom and bedroom carpets with soap and water?
What was a child's Boy Scout uniform on?
What did Barton crawl through to reach the executive offices?
Who did Alabama crime investigator Danny Smith warn that Barton said he would always need a ``young, sexy'' wife?
Who left a letter outside her house asking for an interview?
What did he crawl through to reach the executive offices?
What did Barton do again?
Who shot himself in the head?
Who eventually admitted to the affair?
Whose body did Barton slam a claw hid in a hallway closet?
What did police searching the family's Stockbridge apartment see that Barton had tried to scrub the blood in the bathroom and bedroom carpets with?
When did a friend of Leigh Ann's say like another woman loved Leigh Ann?
Who could not leave the house without telling him first when she was going to be back?
Whose head did Barton slam a claw hammer into as Leigh Ann slept?
Who was Gladys?
Who was a receptionist at the Macon chemical company where the Bartons was a salesman?
What did Barton download financial data and the formulas to TLC's products from?
What did Grisham say he had to go to?
Who did another woman love?
Whose unflinching demeanor did witnesses tell police of as Lt. Tony Biello slowly walked through two trading offices?
Who shared parks with Southern blacks and whites who had hardly made it out of town?
Who left a mark in a church with 3,000 members?
Who did he say ``need help''?
Whose birth did Debra suspect the Bartons was having affairs not long after, he testified in 1995?
What did Barton tell her in at Christmas?
What did an Alabama investigator drive him to?
Where did his shooting rampage begin?
Who was she at her Atlanta office?
Whose 8-year-old daughter is Mychelle?
Who became religious?
Who ordered cheeseburgers and chili?
What ordered cheeseburgers and chili?
Who were perhaps the only integrated club on campus?
Who warned Leigh Ann that Barton said he would always need a ``young, sexy'' wife?
Where did the firms often place jolly because of his infectious enthusiasm?
Who did Barton say in the letter left in the apartment?
Who was devoted husband?
When was it when Leigh Ann Barton got a call at her Atlanta office?
Who was 21?
What did the Bartons's losses ultimately total?
Who sought Barton's destruction?
What did he belittle at work?
What was a despondent Mark Barton on?
What they slept in, then immersed each child in the bathtub to make sure?
What did she furnish with a dining room table, a love seat and a slew of pictures of her with Barton's children?
What did Barton download to TLC's products from two computers?
Who said like another woman loved Leigh Ann that June?
Who was Barton from the time Leigh Ann's bodies were found?
Who had not told Barton how the crime was executed?
What had they sometimes played at Grisham's house?
Who had sometimes played chess at Grisham's house?
What did he disappear from altogether in fact?
Who was Hi-C?
What did he undermine by belittling his wife to co-workers after she had a miscarriage as a business executive?
Who asked him whether he was having an affair when his wife was killed?
What did the Bartons say ?
Who do dispassionate _ only made authorities more determined to pursue his demeanor _ cool?
Who did students sit with in the cafeteria?
What did his wife suffer?
What were the family killed at?
What did forced integration merge in 1971?
Who undermined his success by sabotaging a colleague's work after she had a miscarriage as a business executive?
What did Barton give?
Who did Alabama crime investigator Danny Smith warn Leigh Ann that Barton said would always need a ``young, sexy'' wife?
What continually insisted in news interviews and to police that he had killed his wife and mother-in-law?
What did he crawl through the window to reach?
Who slept in their beds, then immersed each child in the bathtub to make sure?
Who did he talk about with co-workers?
What was Sumter?
What did Air Force brats who had traveled their whole lives share?
What did his father move to Germany for several years?
What did he allow him to reach a window that he knew?
Who had officers not told how the crime was executed?
Who had wounded 13 others?
What was Wren Street?
Who do he cook bacon and pancakes or waffles for his children on?
What did Swanson say, ``That's''?
What did he use hammer?
Who had a sales job with a chemical company?
Who told her he had lost all his money in day trading at Christmas?
What did the firms often place in the middle of other traders because of his infectious enthusiasm?
Who did they return to when Mark was 11?
Who was the Bartons at her Atlanta office?
What did he allow him to reach that he knew was never locked?
Who had murdered 12 people?
What did he blast away his victims at?
Who is Gladys?
What did Loretta Jolly say?
Who did Barton tell her had lost all his money in day trading at Christmas?
What _ I 'm sure the details do not matter?
What did Debra suspect not long after Mychelle's birth, he testified in 1995?
What did he show up at?
What did he say he 'd found?
Who slammed a claw hammer into his wife's head as she slept?
Whose family continually insisted in news interviews and to police that he had killed his wife and mother-in-law?
What did Barton use hammer?
Who was his father?
Who had he convinced that he and the children had no place else to go by July 4,1999?
What was Leigh Ann alone at in Stockbridge by last November?
Who said when an Alabama investigator drove him to the crime scene, ``there was nothing about him grieving over the loss of his wife''?
What did the kid with glasses, who drove a gold Plymouth Duster, not appear in?
Who did his career path lead to Texarkana from the flat, piney woods of East Texas in 1984?
What did Barton move a refrigerator in?
Who was busted for breaking into a drugstore at 14?
When had he convinced her that he and the children had no place else to go?
Who had already the missing pet buried?
When was Barton born in Sumter?
What soon joined her in the apartment?
When did he dabble in drugs?
What did investigators ask him?
Who does not speak publicly about the killings?
What did Barton not play sports did not care much about?
Who did Barton shoot in the head?
Who did LeeAnn Burke recall at Barton continually retreated into his office?
When did Debra suspect the Bartons was having affairs, he testified in 1995?
What did Barton tell Leigh Ann in at Christmas?
What really overdosed?
Who did he undermine his success by sabotaging a colleague's work after she had a miscarriage as?
Who leased a two-bedroom apartment?
What was LeeAnn Burke?
Who did Swanson interview?
Who did he later enter?
What did she respond with?
What led him to Texarkana from the flat, piney woods of East Texas in 1984?
Who did he refer to by a demeaning nickname: ``Stupid?''
Who locked the door behind him?
Who cooked bacon and pancakes or waffles for his children on Saturdays?
What did Milton Grisham say a whiz at chemistry who did not care much for school, Barton tried to use chemicals to extract from morning glory seeds?
Who disappeared from the yearbook altogether in fact?
Who said, ``Barton did not make any sense''?
What did students sit with friends in?
Who did Lt. Tony Biello blast away at close range?
What did he get off with?
What was on a bed?
What was his life?
Who said a whiz at chemistry who did not care much for school, Barton tried to use chemicals to extract a hallucinogen from morning glory seeds?
What was Mychelle?
What did he disappear from the yearbook altogether in?
Who did Sumter later enter?
Who was released a few hours later?
What was a tough time for young people in Sumter?
What was she one of?
What was Barton born in in 1955?
Who did Barton give the appearance of?
Who did a stuff animal beside beside Matthew?
When did Barton begin dating newlywed Leigh Ann Lang?
What did Barton say?
Who did Barton imagine himself a criminal mastermind when he broke into a drugstore as?
What have become painfully familiar?
What did 1989 leave in a church with 3,000 members?
What did Barton tell officers that anyone could have entered through?
Who drove to Georgia?
Who was born in Sumter in 1955?
What did he slowly walk through?
Who did they soon join in the apartment?
What did someone not fit into?
What put his wife and child in his car?
What were Barton's troubles fermenting under?
What often placed him in the middle of other traders because of his infectious enthusiasm?
Who walked in there?
Who was Leigh Ann Lang?
What was that not enough for to charge Michael Hauptman with the killings?
Who did he love?
Who wrote a chillingly elegant confession?
Whose slaughter is the largest mass murder in Georgia history?
What did his father work for?
What can tHE BARTON EPILOGUE Words not tell?
When did a supposedly loving father dabble in drugs?
Who did the Bartons say ``need help''?
What did Barton slam hammer into his wife's head as Leigh Ann slept?
Who was not?
Who was Loretta Jolly?
What did detectives meow in?
Who said, ``He did not make any sense''?
What had a supposedly loving father already buried?
What did the Bartons join with a theaterlike sanctuary on the outskirts of town in 1989?
What could the pastor remember?
What blew him away?
What stuffed animal beside Mychelle beside Matthew?
What did Barton's father work for?
What declined to prosecute?
What slept in their beds, then immersed each child in the bathtub to make sure?
What did Barton allow him to reach a window?
Who had convinced her that he and the children had no place else to go by July 4,1999?
Who showed up at Grisham's house?
Whose secretary for four years was LeeAnn Burke?
What did he move a refrigerator in?
What did he allow him to reach a window?
Who is the Bartons's 8-year-old daughter?
Who had not been Barton's help?
Who wrote?
What was a distinctly unlovely city cut?
Who was the happy father?
Who placed the children in their beds?
Who interviewed Leigh Ann's close friend, Rhonda Lassiter, and family members?
What did Grisham say he had?
What did Burke say, ``He thought''?
What was it in from Barton's customarily bright and social character?
What _ only made authorities more determined to pursue him his demeanor _ cool?
Who loved Leigh Ann?
Who belittled her pain at work?
Who drove the Bartons to the crime scene?
Who was a city of 25,000?
Whose kitten did he shoot?
Who do the Bartons cook bacon and pancakes or waffles for his children on?
What do Michael Hauptman cease to fill?
Who recalled, ``There was a lot of tension in the hallways''?
What was in stark contrast from Barton's customarily bright and social character?
Who said, ``He had a quick temper''?
If they could, who would not want them to?
Whose 76-year-old mother does not speak publicly about the killings?
What did a stuff beside Mychelle beside Matthew?
What complained about Barton's management abilities?
Who said later, ``run through the house?''
What did that greedily seek?
Who undermined his success by belittling his wife to co-workers after she had a miscarriage as a business executive?
What was Leigh Ann alone at Bristol Green Apartments in by last November?
What returned to Sumter when Mark was 11?
Who had consumed him?
What had Barton struck a deal with?
Whose wife came into the room?
What did he not appear in?
What did his career path lead him to Texarkana from in 1984?
When left a mark in a church with 3,000 members?
What bought a five-bedroom house in Douglasville with plenty of space for their two children and two cats?
What did detectives also find?
Who was Eloise Spivey?
Who said, ``Everything they had was for the children''?
I kind of lost touch with him, who became so strange?
Whose 76-year-old mother is Gladys?
Who later entered Sumter High?
What was he always as he ordered cheeseburgers and chili?
What had the Bartons convinced her by July 4,1999?
Whose career path led him to Texarkana from the flat, piney woods of East Texas in 1984?
What did Barton allow him to reach that he knew was never locked?
Who said, ``the kid with glasses, who drove a gold Plymouth Duster, was angry about not fitting in''?
What did he and his wife have their first child blonde?
Who shared parks with Southern blacks and whites who had hardly made the family out of town?
Whose house had they sometimes played chess at?
What did he say ``I need''?
What did Mark Orrin Barton write?
Who cut off all his hair?
Who could not leave the house without telling him first where she was going to go?
Whose Boy Scout uniform was on a bed?
Who said when an Alabama investigator drove the Bartons to the crime scene, ``there was nothing about him grieving over the loss of his wife''?
Who asked Michael Hauptman whether he was having an affair when his wife was killed?
Who worked for the U. S. Air Force?
Who is Mychelle?
What did the firms often place him in the middle of other traders because of?
Who blasted away his victims at close range?
Who called jolly ``the Rocket'' for his boisterous personality?
Who said later, ``beat each other with pillows?''
What do he cook for his children on Saturdays?
If they could, who would I not want to?
Who could the pastor remember nothing about?
What did Barton tell officers through?
What did Leigh Ann lease?
Who was always bragging about his stock profits as he ordered cheeseburgers and chili?
What did he eventually admit to?
Who was Grisham?
What was Texarkana?
Who did Debra suspect he was having affairs not long after Mychelle's birth, testified in 1995?
Who was Lt. Tony Biello to reach the bloody scene at Momentum Securities?
Who was a chubby?
What often placed jolly in the middle of other traders because of his infectious enthusiasm?
Who did he undermine his success by retreating behind a wall of paranoia after she had a miscarriage as?
What could she not leave the house without telling him first?
Where did his father move the family for several years?
What began at Atlanta?
What was always bragging about his stock profits as he ordered cheeseburgers and chili?
Who did Barton place in their beds?
Who did Barton tell he had lost all his money in day trading at Christmas?
Who said, ``He fancied himself a mastermind criminal''?
What did the Bartons buy a five-bedroom house in Douglasville with for their two children and two cats?
What ultimately totaled $450,000?
What did Alabama crime investigator Danny Smith warn her that Barton said?
What had he convinced her that he and the children had by July 4,1999?
What were teens Against Discrimination?
What was jolly always as he ordered cheeseburgers and chili?
Who were killed at Alabama?
What did witnesses tell police of as he slowly walked through two trading offices?
What did Barton build?
What was no jail time?
What do ATLANTA _?
What did Michael Hauptman spend the rest of under a cloud of suspicion?
Who was one of the main reasons for my demise?
What would Barton surreptitiously tape?
Who watches the television news reports about the killings?
Who said ``I need help''?
Who began dating newlywed Leigh Ann Lang in early 1993?
What did he ingest a great deal of?
Who slammed a claw hammer into his wife's head as Leigh Ann slept?
Whose 76-year-old mother watches the television news reports about the killings?
When was the family?
Who served more than 20 years as the church secretary for St. James Lutheran Church?
What was Barton charged with?
Who did Debra suspect the Bartons was having affairs not long after Mychelle's birth, testified in 1995?
Who said they had nicknamed him ``Big Money''?
Who was son's father?
What did a reporter leave a letter outside asking for an interview?
What did Barton not play did not care much about anything beyond chemistry and math?
Who was Mark?
What had changed?
Who returned home?
Who was one of the women at the complex's cafeteria?
What did Barton tell her he had lost in day trading at Christmas?
What did State social workers investigate an allegation?
When did son's father die?
What did his losses ultimately total?
Who was Henry County homicide Detective Rene Swanson?
Who was Mychelle?
When did Barton's father move the family to Germany?
What did she lease?
What had the Lord not been?
What did Barton say in?
What did she furnish it with with Barton's children?
Who said, ``Barton fancied himself a mastermind criminal''?
What did Barton lock behind him?
What could she not do without his permission?
Who had struck a deal with the company?
What had the Bartons convinced her that he and the children had by July 4,1999?
What did Alabama crime investigator Danny Smith warn Leigh Ann that Barton said?
Where was Leigh Ann alone in Stockbridge by last November?
Who furnished it with a dining room table, a love seat and a slew of pictures of her with Barton's children?
What did Milton Grisham say a whiz at chemistry who did not care much for school, Barton tried to use to extract a hallucinogen from morning glory seeds?
What did Michael Hauptman spend the rest of his life under?
What do dispassionate _ only made authorities more determined to pursue the Bartons _ cool?
Who do the Bartons cook bacon and pancakes or waffles for on Saturdays?
Who undermined his success by retreating behind a wall of paranoia after she had a miscarriage as a business executive?
What did students split along?
What was if it had not been for the fact it?
Who told Leigh Ann he had lost all his money in day trading at Christmas?
When had the Bartons convinced her that he and the children had no place else to go?
Who had a miscarriage?
Who said, ``He was real controlling''?
Who was his wife?
What did Barton say he 'd found?
Who was Loretta Jolly one of?
Who used the same hammer?
When did Barton tell Leigh Ann he had lost all his money in day trading?
When used the same hammer?
Where did the firms often place him because of his infectious enthusiasm?
What did he ingest?
Who did he undermine his success by belittling his wife to co-workers after she had a miscarriage as?
What did the officers had not tell him?
What did the Bartons join First Baptist Church of with a theaterlike sanctuary on the outskirts of town in 1989?
What did Mark Orrin Barton sit down at?
What was Leigh Ann one of?
Who did he start as in 1984?
Who was charged with felony burglary?
When did his career path lead him to Texarkana from the flat, piney woods of East Texas?
What did he move in the break room?
When did executives decline to comment?
What were killed at Alabama?
What do the Bartons cook for his children on Saturdays?
What was that not enough for to charge him with the killings?
Who was alone at Bristol Green Apartments in Stockbridge by last November?
What did he belittle her pain at?
Who earned a promotion?
Who did Barton tell that anyone could have entered through the loading dock door?
What did the firms often place jolly in because of his infectious enthusiasm?
Who got off with counseling?
Who did he allow to reach a window that he knew was never locked?
Who said like he loved Leigh Ann that June?
Who downloaded financial data and the formulas to TLC's products from two computers?
What did she have?
What did Milton Grisham say a whiz at chemistry who did not care much for school, Barton tried to use chemicals to extract a hallucinogen from?
What did Barton show up at?
What had they not told him?
Who responded with an immaculately type-written note?
Who was a tree-lined suburban road in the nicer part of town?
Who had not been my help?
Who they slept in their beds, then immersed in the bathtub to make sure?
What did the kid with glasses, who drove a gold Plymouth Duster, disappear from altogether in fact?
Who did an Alabama investigator drive to the crime scene?
What Matthew slept in, then immersed each child in the bathtub to make sure?
Who said, ``He was angry about not fitting in''?
What was Alan Feldstott?
Who arrived at the family's house?
Who bought a brand new house?
Who allowed him to reach a window that he knew was never locked?
When did the Bartons join First Baptist Church of Texarkana with a theaterlike sanctuary on the outskirts of town?
Who did Barton's career path lead to Texarkana from the flat, piney woods of East Texas in 1984?
Who remained close when he moved away soon after high school?
Who was it in stark contrast from?
Who was a psychologist who has worked with rapists and killers?
Who said in the letter he left in the apartment?
Whose destruction did that greedily seek?
Who was smiling?
Who did Henry County homicide Detective Rene Swanson say the Bartons told he had nothing more to live for?
What do Barton put his wife and child in?
What did glasses drive?
What did he shoot himself in?
What did Barton move through?
What did Milton Grisham ingest?
What did he deny?
Where were the family killed?
What did he tell officers that anyone could have entered through?
Who crawled through the window to reach the executive offices?
Who said?
Who did a stuff animal beside Mychelle beside?
How many 3-inch-thick file folders that contained similar information did Barton grab on his way out?
What did Barton place the children in?
What did Barton shoot himself in?
What merged the city's black and white high schools in 1971?
What does Barton's 76-year-old mother not speak publicly about?
What did they buy a five-bedroom house in Douglasville with for their two children and two cats?
Who meowed in hunger?
Who was Barton's secretary for four years?
What was Leigh Ann Lang?
What was not enough for authorities to charge Michael Hauptman with the killings?
What did Barton drive to?
What did the officers had not tell Barton?
What did Barton slam hid Leigh Ann's body in a hallway closet?
Who was Barton from the time their bodies were found?
Whose birth did Debra suspect he was having affairs not long after, he testified in 1995?
Who suspected the Bartons was having affairs not long after Mychelle's birth, he testified in 1995?
Who was questioned by police?
What _ only made authorities more determined to pursue the Bartons his demeanor _ cool?
Who did he blast away at close range?
What does Psalm 94:17 say?
Who was a customer service trainer at her Atlanta office?
What did Barton move in the break room?
What had Barton struck with the company?
What seemed just as volatile?
What did the Bartons rarely socialize spending evenings alone in on a dead-end street?
Who was Debra Barton, 36, and her mother?
Who did not appear in a group photo?
Who said, ``That's what convinced Leigh Ann to finally leave him''?
Who said, ``He did not like his father''?
What did his shooting rampage begin at?
What did investigators ask Michael Hauptman?
What did Barton slam a claw hid her body in?
Who said he 'd found the answers to the world?
What did Burke screen?
What did Barton land on his feet in his Georgia exile With?
What did the firms often place him in because of his infectious enthusiasm?
What did Barton slam a claw hid Leigh Ann's body in?
What was he cornered at?
What was late October 1998 when Leigh Ann Barton got a call at her Atlanta office?
When did his father move the family to Germany?
Where did the Bartons's shooting rampage begin?
What did Alabama crime investigator Danny Smith warn her?
What did he grab on his way out?
What was the kid with glasses, who drove a gold Plymouth Duster, among a handful of Sumter High's National Merit Scholar semi-finalists as?
What did someone not find?
Who did Debra suspect was having affairs not long after Mychelle's birth, he testified in 1995?
Who Matthew slept in their beds, then immersed in the bathtub to make sure?
What did they split along?
Who did he say 'd found the answers to the world?
What did Leigh Ann arrive at?
What was she?
Who had the demons that had haunted Mark Orrin Barton since childhood consumed?
What was the apartment refrigerator stocked with?
What were fermenting under the veneer of normalcy?
Who did Leigh Ann furnish a two-bedroom apartment with a dining room table, a love seat and a slew of pictures of her with?
What was Alan Feldstott a member of?
What did he and his wife have their first child blonde named Matthew?
What could she not leave without telling him first where she was going to go?
What did the Bartons 'd lost $153,000 in?
What did Milton Grisham ingest a great deal of?
What did TLC's board of directors complain about?
Whose troubles were fermenting under the veneer of normalcy?
When did Barton tell her he had lost all his money in day trading?
What had Barton wounded?
What did his career path lead him to from the flat, piney woods of East Texas in 1984?
What did he say ?
Where were they killed?
Who called him ``the Rocket'' for his boisterous personality?
What left a mark in a church with 3,000 members?
Who told him the formulas had been taken?
What did Michael Hauptman spend under a cloud of suspicion?
Whose help had the Lord not been?
What was Mark's life?
What did police searching the family's Stockbridge apartment see that Barton had tried to with soap and water?
What did Barton slam hid her body in a hallway closet?
What split along the color line?
What had not told him how the crime was executed?
Where did his career path lead him from the flat, piney woods of East Texas in 1984?
What did he earn?
Who was a schoolmate now living in Roswell?
What did that night use hammer?
What did he spend under a cloud of suspicion?
Whose management abilities did TLC's board of directors complain about?
Who said he had hallucinations?
What did he tell officers through?
How many others had Barton wounded?
Who did Police and company officials immediately suspect?
What were they killed at?
Where did Barton's career path lead him from the flat, piney woods of East Texas in 1984?
What did Debra suspect the Bartons was having not long after Mychelle's birth, he testified in 1995?
When did Debra suspect he was having affairs, he testified in 1995?
Who was holding baby Matthew?
What did the kid with glasses appear in he had worn for his sophomore picture?
What was Michael Hauptman having when his wife was killed?
What did Barton tell Leigh Ann he had lost all his money in at Christmas?
What did he have?
What did Barton have?
What did Barton grab two 3-inch-thick file folders that contained similar information on?
Who sat down at his computer?
Who warned her that Barton said he would always need a ``young, sexy'' wife?
Who suspected he was having affairs not long after Mychelle's birth, he testified in 1995?
What did he 'd lost in one three-day binge?
When was Barton the prime suspect?
Who moved through a string of jobs in the chemical industry?
When did Debra suspect he was having affairs not long after Mychelle's birth, he testified?
Who built his confidence as he built his resume?
Whose unflinching demeanor did witnesses tell police of as he slowly walked through two trading offices?
Who remembers her old boss as ``paranoid''?
What did Barton's father move the family to for several years?
What did the Bartons buy with plenty of space for their two children and two cats?
Who could not leave the house without telling him first what she was going to do?
What did he buy?
Who was the prime suspect from the time Leigh Ann's bodies were found?
Who finally crashed?
When did the Bartons rarely socialize spending alone in their brick ranch house on a dead-end street?
Who became president two years later?
Who immediately suspected Barton?
When was Leigh Ann alone at Bristol Green Apartments in Stockbridge?
Who walked out the door ``visibly angry and upset?''
What did the firms often place jolly in the middle of other traders because of?
Who did the kid with glasses appear in his junior yearbook picture in what seemed to be the same striped shirt had worn for his sophomore picture?
What did the officers had not tell Barton had been taken?
How many people had Barton murdered?
What did his wife come into?
Who was on the line?
Who had a good job that paid well?
Who did Barton take to get haircuts?
Who did Alabama crime investigator Danny Smith warn Leigh Ann that Barton said he would always need?
What was Leigh Ann?
Who was their first child?
What did a reporter leave outside her house asking for an interview?
Who did Barton tell Leigh Ann had lost all his money in day trading at Christmas?
Who did he and his wife have their first child blonde named Matthew?
What did Barton slam hammer into his wife's head as she slept?
Who did Henry County homicide Detective Rene Swanson say he told that he was going to kill himself?
What they slept in their beds, then immersed each child in to make sure?
Who was his mother?
How many 3-inch-thick file folders that contained similar information did he grab on his way out?
Whose father moved the family to Germany for several years?
What is the largest mass murder in Georgia history?
Who did the firms often place in the middle of other traders because of his infectious enthusiasm?
Who was born?
What was stocked with food, especially children's snacks: Star Wars Fruit Chews?
When did his father die?
Who was right?
Who ingested a great deal of it?
Who did they buy a five-bedroom house in Douglasville with plenty of space for?
Who did the Bartons buy a five-bedroom house in Douglasville with plenty of space for?
Who did 20 again?
Who did Barton land on his feet in With no house, no job and no prospects?
Who did it again?
What did Staff writer Duane D. Stanford contribute to?
Whose shooting rampage began at Atlanta?
Whose telephone calls did Burke screen?
Who was Debra?
Who ingested a great deal of chemistry?
Who did not fit into a group?
What did Leigh Ann leave her husband just before Labor Day _ the same weekend Debra Barton, 36, and her mother took a trip to in Alabama?
Who said he told his wife that he was going to kill himself?
Who slowly walked through two trading offices?
Who said, ``He thought people were out to get him''?
Whose children did Leigh Ann furnish a two-bedroom apartment with a dining room table, a love seat and a slew of pictures of her with?
What had sometimes played chess at Grisham's house?
Who bought a five-bedroom house in Douglasville with plenty of space for their two children and two cats?
Who do he cook bacon and pancakes or waffles for on Saturdays?
What did Leigh Ann furnish a two-bedroom apartment with with Barton's children?
Who talked about her with co-workers?
Who did she furnish it with a dining room table, a love seat and a slew of pictures of her with?
What did Loretta Jolly say had nicknamed him ``Big Money''?
When did a friend of Leigh Ann's say like he loved Leigh Ann?
Who was having an affair when his wife was killed?
What did police say the following week Barton broke into through a loading dock door?
Who slept?
Who had their first child blonde they named Matthew?
Who visited Leigh Ann?
Who was Truman?
Who is his 8-year-old daughter?
What did 1989 leave a mark in?
Who did Henry County homicide Detective Rene Swanson say told his wife he had nothing more to live for?
What is no good reason?
Who took his kids to get haircuts?
Who started as a chemist in 1984?
Who declined to comment this week?
Who had they not told how the crime was executed?
Who did he become two years later?
What did a supposedly loving father shoot?
Who dabbled in drugs in the early 1970s?
When was the family when Leigh Ann Barton got a call at her Atlanta office?
What did Leigh Ann furnish with a dining room table, a love seat and a slew of pictures of her with Barton's children?
Who said, ``There were bodies everywhere''?
What did he undermine by sabotaging a colleague's work after she had a miscarriage as a business executive?
Who said, ``Everything there had was for the children''?
Who got out of jail?
Who told Barton the formulas had been taken?
When was it?
Who had not told him how the crime was executed?
Who denied the crime?
Where did an Alabama investigator drive him?
What did Barton slam a claw hammer into as Leigh Ann slept?
Who did Henry County homicide Detective Rene Swanson say told his wife that he was going to kill himself?
What did witnesses tell as he slowly walked through two trading offices?
Who was one of the main reasons for Barton's demise?
Who joined a church?
What is the excuse?
What Matthew slept in their beds, then immersed each child in to make sure?
Where did Barton drive?
If they could, what would I not want to?
What does Burke remember as ``paranoid''?
Who is sure no one would understand?
Who shot his daughter's kitten?
What did he say?
What said the following week Barton broke into the building through a loading dock door?
What was the Bartons a customer service trainer at?
Who said, ``That's what convinced Leigh Ann to finally leave the Bartons''?
What did he walk out ``visibly angry and upset?''
What fired Mark Sept. 13,1990?
When did forced integration merge the city's black and white high schools?
What did the kid with glasses appear in his junior yearbook picture in what seemed to be the same striped shirt for?
What did he join?
Who was he among as a senior?
What does Barton's 76-year-old mother watch?
Who did LeeAnn Burke recall at TLC Manufacturing Inc. continually retreated into his office?
Who said the Bartons told his wife he had nothing more to live for?
What did Leigh Ann leave her husband just before Labor Day _ the same weekend to?
What do dispassionate _ only made authorities more determined to pursue him _ cool?
Who was the first officer to reach the bloody scene at Momentum Securities?
What did a supposedly loving father dabble in in the early 1970s?
Who told officers that anyone could have entered through the loading dock door?
Who did the officers had not tell the formulas had been taken?
What do dispassionate _ only made more determined to pursue the Bartons his demeanor _ cool?
What did the kid with glasses appear in his junior yearbook picture in what seemed to be the same striped shirt he had worn for?
What did Barton land on in his Georgia exile With no house, no job and no prospects?
What did Barton slam a claw hammer into as she slept?
Who did he tell that anyone could have entered through the loading dock door?
What did Debra suspect he was having not long after Mychelle's birth, he testified in 1995?
Who did he talk about her with?
Who grabbed two 3-inch-thick file folders that contained similar information on his way out?
Who was the lead investigator in the Barton family murders?
What did the officers had not tell him had been taken?
What did witnesses tell police of as Lt. Tony Biello slowly walked through two trading offices?
Who sought my destruction?
What did Barton say in the letter he left in?
Where did somebody get?
Who was a former Barton attorney?
What did the Bartons join First Baptist Church of Texarkana with in 1989?
Who would surreptitiously tape telephone conversations with other employees?
Who returned to Sumter when Mark was 11?
Who was Juicy Juice?
What does Barton's 76-year-old mother watch the television news reports about?
What did Barton join?
How many years did his mother serve as the church secretary for St. James Lutheran Church?
What did Lt. Tony Biello slowly walk through?
What was he always bragging about as he ordered cheeseburgers and chili?
What was not enough for authorities to charge him with the killings?
What says it all?
What was anything?
What did Barton crawl through the window to reach?
Who 'd lost $153,000 in one three-day binge?
What was jolly always bragging about as he ordered cheeseburgers and chili?
Who drove him to the crime scene?
What did Barton say in he left in the apartment?
What was given the hundreds of thousands of dollars he lost while trading there?
What does the complaint also allege failed to maintain a safe working environment for Delawalla and other victims and seeks damages for wrongful death?
Who did Attorney Michael Weinstock say should have known of Barton's volatile personality and his reaction to those losses?
How many parties does the complaint also allege failed to maintain a safe working environment for Delawalla and other victims and seeks damages for wrongful death?
Who was Harry Houtkin?
Who said Attorney Michael Weinstock was not surprised by the suit?
What did the security company's chief financial officer also decline comment on?
What was Barton's volatile personality given the hundreds of?
Who was the security company's chief financial officer?
Who said, ``these people buried their head''?
What did All-Tech's chief executive officer say by?
Who was another day trading firm?
Whose chief executive officer said Attorney Michael Weinstock was not surprised by the suit?
Whose volatile personality and his reaction to those losses did Attorney Michael Weinstock say of?
Who did All-Tech's chief executive officer say was not surprised by the suit?
What is Barton Protective Services?
Who is seeking undetermined damages from the Piedmont Center, Barton Protective Services and Barton's estate?
What had he not seen?
How many other people also were wounded?
What did All-Tech's chief executive officer say he was not surprised by?
Whose volatile personality and his reaction to those losses did Attorney Michael Weinstock say All-Tech Securities Inc. should have known of?
Who said he was not surprised by the suit?
Who were shot to death at All-Tech and Momentum Securities where Barton was a regular?
What did Attorney Michael Weinstock say of?
Who said Tuesday?
Who also declined comment on the suit?
What did Barton beat them to death with?
Who was All-Tech's chief executive officer?
Who killed his wife and two children?
Whose volatile personality was given the hundreds of thousands of dollars he lost while trading there?
What did the frustrated chemist-turned-day trader kill himself the night of the multiple murders after two officers surrounded his minivan at?
What is Harjee seeking from the Piedmont Center, Barton Protective Services and Barton's estate?
What were the killings initiated at?
Who declined to comment Monday?
What is negligence, violation of a private duty, negligent infliction of emotional distress and loss of consortium?
Who is Barton Protective Services not connected to?
What did I expect this to happen in?
What was All-Tech Securities Inc.?
When did Harjee decline to comment?
What is the company that provides security for the Piedmont Center?
What had Attorney Michael Weinstock not seen?
When did Weinstock say?
Who said?
Who had not seen the 16-page complaint?
Who was one of the companies where Barton traded regularly?
What is not connected to Mark Barton?
What were delawalla and eight other people shot to?
Who did Barton beat to death with a claw?
What were initiated at Momentum?
What did Barton beat them to with a claw?
What was Barton's volatile personality given?
What is wrongful death?
What did All-Tech's chief executive officer say Attorney Michael Weinstock was not surprised by?
Who killed himself the night of the multiple murders after two officers surrounded his minivan at an Acworth gas station?
What did Harry Houtkin expect to happen in today's litigious society?
What does Lyda Longa write for?
What does the complaint also allege for?
Where were the killings initiated?
Who said, ``Barton was no choir boy''?
Who also seeks assault and battery damages against Barton's estate?
What is negligent supervision?
What is the Piedmont Center a complex of?
What is a complex of 11 buildings?
What also were wounded?
Who did the frustrated chemist-turned-day trader kill himself the night of the multiple murders after at an Acworth gas station?
What did I expect to happen in today's litigious society?
What did the security company's chief financial officer also decline on the suit?
What is the private duty?
Who did Barton kill?
Whose volatile personality was given the hundreds of thousands of dollars All-Tech Securities Inc. lost while trading there?
Who beat them to death with a claw?
What did Attorney Michael Weinstock say All-Tech Securities Inc. should have known of?
What does Harjee also seek?
What is Harjee seeking undetermined damages from?
Whose chief executive officer was Harry Houtkin?
What was All-Tech Securities Inc. one of where Barton traded regularly?
What was All-Tech and Momentum Securities?
Who expected this to happen in today's litigious society?
What is the Piedmont Center?
What also alleges the four parties failed to maintain a safe working environment for Delawalla and other victims and seeks damages for wrongful death?
Whose chief executive officer said he was not surprised by the suit?
What did Barton beat to death with a claw?
What did Harry Houtkin expect this to happen in?
Who was David Brazel?
What was given the hundreds of thousands of dollars All-Tech Securities Inc. lost while trading there?
Who said, ``They buried their head''?
Who writes for the Atlanta Journal-Constitution Ga.?
Who said, ``This is a tragedy''?
Who said All-Tech Securities Inc. should have known of Barton's volatile personality and his reaction to those losses?
Who is seeking unspecified compensatory and punitive damages, court costs and attorney's fees?
Who said a brief statement expressing sympathy for the victims of the shooting rampage is not responsible for it?
What did Momentum Securities say it is not responsible for?
Who declined to identify who would be filing the fourth lawsuit?
What did Momentum Securities say for?
What did Momentum Securities say a brief statement expressing sympathy for the victims of the shooting rampage is not responsible for?
What read in part, ``It is important to remember that Mark Barton is the one who was and is responsible for these tragic and unforeseeable events''?
How many other people were shot to death across the street at a second day trading firm?
Who was Jan P. Cohen?
What does Carlos Campos write for?
What said?
What do ATLANTA _ has been filed in Fulton County State Court?
Who is Alyce F. Wenzel the mother of?
What filed a similar lawsuit in August two weeks after the shooting?
What was stressful and volatile enterprise?
What is Momentum Securities where Webb and three other people were shot and killed July 29 by Barton?
What _ A third lawsuit resulting from Mark O. Barton's July 29 killing spree at two day trading firms has been filed in Fulton County State Court?
Who said it is not responsible for it?
What is also named as a defendant?
What is Wenzel seeking?
Who was shot to death?
What is Yuzef Liberzon recovering from gunshot wounds at?
What did the statement read in part, ``It is important to remember for''?
What did the family of Dean Delawalla file in August two weeks after the shooting?
What did Jan P. Cohen say meanwhile, is likely on the way?
What did the same on Sept. 27?
Who claims in her lawsuit that Momentum Securities, Jones Lang LaSalle Americas and Barton Protective Services failed to prevent the killing of her son?
Who either declined comment or could not be reached?
Who does Alyce F. Wenzel claim in her lawsuit that Momentum Securities, Jones Lang LaSalle Americas and Barton Protective Services failed to prevent the killing of?
What did Jan P. Cohen say meanwhile, a fourth lawsuit is likely on?
What does Alyce F. Wenzel claim in her lawsuit that Momentum Securities, Jones Lang LaSalle Americas and Barton Protective Services failed to prevent?
What were shot to death across the street at a second day trading firm?
Who released a brief statement expressing sympathy for the victims of the shooting rampage?
What did Cohen decline to identify?
What does Alyce F. Wenzel claim in that Momentum Securities, Jones Lang LaSalle Americas and Barton Protective Services failed to prevent the killing of her son?
What did Momentum Securities release?
When did the family of Yuzef Liberzon do the same?
Who is the mother of 30-year-old shooting victim Scott Allyn Webb?
Who is recovering from gunshot wounds at Atlanta's Shepherd Center?
What did the statement read in part, ``Barton's estate is important to remember for''?
What do ATLANTA _ in?
Who is the company where Webb and three other people were shot and killed July 29 by Barton?
What is Jones Lang LaSalle Americas the owner and manager of the building at 3500 for?
What was the high risk?
What were five other people shot to?
Whose estate is also named as a defendant?
Who was Mark Barton?
What was Dean Delawalla shot to?
What did Momentum Securities say is not responsible for it?
Who is Alyce F. Wenzel?
Who was Momentum Securities?
Who said meanwhile, a fourth lawsuit is likely on the way?
When did the family of Dean Delawalla file a similar lawsuit in August?
Who is Jones Lang LaSalle Americas at 3500 Piedmont Road where the killings took place, and Barton Protective Services is the company responsible for the building's security?
When did the family of Dean Delawalla file a similar lawsuit two weeks after the shooting?
What do ATLANTA _ A third lawsuit resulting from Mark O. Barton's July 29 killing spree at two day trading firms has been filed in?
Who is Barton's estate also named as?
What did the family of Yuzef Liberzon do on Sept. 27?
Who was an attorney for the victims ' relatives?
What does Alyce F. Wenzel claim in her lawsuit?
What is Yuzef Liberzon recovering from at Atlanta's Shepherd Center?
Who writes for the Atlanta Journal-Constitution Ga.?
Where is Yuzef Liberzon recovering from gunshot wounds?
What is Jones Lang LaSalle Americas the owner and manager of the building at 3500 is the company responsible for the building's security?
Who ascends to heaven thirty days before the anniversary of a death?
What does that's with?
Who feel like I tuck the road away?
Whose _ his clothes was furniture?
What have healed?
What insisted that she send them everything of Russell's _ his clothes?
What does every week's absolutely mind-boggling that one person could create?
What smelled like him?
Who said, ``They were there''?
Who hoped to leave behind happy memories that now seem so painful?
What does he feel?
What did Swanson say she cannot come to terms with?
Whose husband is haunted?
How many Debra Tenenbaum's children have given GOD TOOK AN ANGEL ' Marie Quinn's strength to deal with the loss of her husband?
Who had cancer?
Who feels like I 'm going to cry?
Who did Rene Swanson place a Swiss army knife, Boy Scout patches and Pokemon trading cards; beside with a pink dress and blond hair in pigtails?
Who said, ``I do believe in destiny''?
Who thought they were shots during a recent power outage at his business?
Who would this bring ``peace to?''
Who will that happiness ever come back to?
Who is 16's daughter?
Who does God not give more than you can handle?
Who is Allen?
Who said, ``My children come home and sit around''?
Who have to have their lives?
Who grow?
Who committed suicide?
Who is Eloise's son?
What does he see her gazing at him from?
When will GOD TOOK AN ANGEL ' Marie Quinn's birthday always fall before the anniversary of her father's death?
What _ a former stock trader is afraid a shooting will erupt?
Who did Quinn say recently in the large brick house she and her husband built 14 years ago ``have so much anger in me''?
Who does a former stock trader even fear going to the bank, worried that someone will shoot again?
What did Patti Balon say as?
Who killed her with a bullet to the head?
What has Medication not lessened?
What have been filed?
Whose _ something's clothes was furniture?
What does a former stock trader even fear going to the bank, worried?
Who tuck the road away?
What was it I?
What did ATLANTA _ on?
Who said, ``he loved children''?
What did he think they were during a recent power outage at his business?
Who never wants to visit Atlanta again, not even for a memorial service July 30 for Barton's victims?
What did Van Camp enjoy GOD TOOK AN ANGEL ' Marie Quinn's independence before?
What were his children combed?
Who knows Eddie will not be there?
Who want to sit down at a table and all eat together?
Who smelled like her husband?
What does their daughter turn on Friday?
What _ he is afraid a shooting will erupt?
What did he tell his mother, ``I just want to look at a picture of Dad _''?
What does 16's daughter turn on Friday?
Whose salvation has been her first grandson?
What does she not expect to regain?
When had a former stock trader bludgeoned his wife and his two children?
Who said, ``I 'm weary''?
Where were 13 people dead?
Who did ATLANTA _ kept old sheets on the bed because they smelled like her husband?
Who said, ``I just do not bring it up''?
Who is Jamshid?
Whose personal effects did GOD TOOK AN ANGEL ' Marie Quinn find a ticket from the toll booth on Ga. 400 near the shooting scene in?
What was Russell killed at?
Who was a BROKEN RELATIONSHIP Helen Brown?
Who was a BROKEN RELATIONSHIP Helen Brown's son?
Who 've tried to reconstruct every moment of the tragedy?
Who eluded a bullet from Barton?
What does he take from his dry cleaning business to the bank?
What did the 44-year-old day trader tear through on the worst killing spree in Georgia's history on July 29,1999, a year ago?
What is wallpaper and carpet?
What has a former stock trader too lost?
Who did Barton admit to the crimes in a suicide note left in the living room?
What does one victim especially occupy?
Who can we put this behind?
What do a former stock trader get a little flash of?
What comes?
Who was killed?
Who was Scott?
Who undresses by the bed they shared for 22 years?
What said that when your time comes, you have to go?
Who was a detective with Henry County police?
Who did they smell like?
What do families of some victims try to escape?
When will GOD TOOK AN ANGEL ' Marie Quinn's birthday always fall the day?
Who is her husband?
What has helped?
Who was Buddy Dial?
What smelled like her husband?
What had been beaten to death with a hammer?
Whose 4-year-old son jumped up from the dinner table?
Who turned 16?
Who have given GOD TOOK AN ANGEL ' Marie Quinn's strength to deal with the loss of her husband?
Who has tried to put the shootings behind her?
Who 'll start visiting colleges?
Who are friends?
What does her family seek clarity about?
Who have not done that in almost a year now?
Who came down every other month to fix things around here for me?
What was Barton's face?
What has been her first grandson?
Who has Roya Havash suffered from depression like?
What do the day-trading offices _ Momentum Securities Inc. and All-Tech Investment Group _ have reopened cover the remnants of?
Who did he ask to join his family for a Fourth of July party?
Whose 4-year-old son was Scott?
What does she take classes at?
What did a former stock trader think sounds were shots during?
What did he tell his mother, ``I just want to look at a picture of Dad _ I almost forgot''?
What breaks when she talks about it?
Who does not like to talk about the killings?
Who did she say ``still have trouble going to bed''?
Whose three children have given her strength to deal with the loss of her husband?
When does 16's daughter turn 5?
Whose husband is Allen?
What do the day-trading offices _ have reopened cover the remnants of the carnage?
What do Balon and the Brown family no longer speak to?
What has not lessened GOD TOOK AN ANGEL ' Marie Quinn's feeling that her husband was not supposed to be at All-Tech that day?
What do GOD TOOK AN ANGEL ' Marie Quinn know?
What loses Kevin?
When had he passed before he was killed?
Who forced her?
Who thinks about what Patti Balon discovered at Barton's apartment in Stockbridge aN OFFICER ALSO GRIEVES Almost every day?
What counsel?
What has the Brown family broken its ties with Balon after?
What does Eloise burst into?
Who do GOD TOOK AN ANGEL ' Marie Quinn know will not be there?
Who is Bryce?
Who was Barton's slain wife?
What did a former stock trader hear from an electric pole?
What do I believe?
Who was I?
When can a grandfather not bear to visit?
Whose husband of 13 years is Michael Sovereign, and others?
What has it not lessened?
What have moved into new homes?
Who feel like I 'm going to cry?
Who do I know will not be there?
What would this bring ``to her soul?''
Whose husband is Dean Delawalla?
Who did GOD TOOK AN ANGEL ' Marie Quinn say ``still have trouble going to bed''?
What does it's absolutely mind-boggling that one person could create?
Who thinks about what she discovered at Barton's apartment in Stockbridge aN OFFICER ALSO GRIEVES Almost every day?
What do others 've tried to reconstruct every moment of?
When does Rene Swanson think about what Patti Balon discovered at Barton's apartment in Stockbridge aN OFFICER ALSO GRIEVES Almost?
What did she say ?
What did others who had lived through the killings help her regain control of?
What has Roya Havash suffered from like others who became widows last July 29?
Who were combed their hair?
What did Barton commit?
Who found a ticket from the toll booth on Ga. 400 near the shooting scene in her husband's personal effects?
What does a former stock trader take deposits from to the bank?
What did Van Camp enjoy before the shooting?
Who 'mes going to cry?
Whose face was the last thing Kathleen Van Camp ever saw?
What hang in his new closet?
What did GOD TOOK AN ANGEL ' Marie Quinn's 4-year-old son jump up from?
What does the soul ascend to thirty days before the anniversary of a death?
What did Spivey invite Swanson to lunch a few weeks after?
Who helped her regain control of her emotions?
What was Russell who nursed that?
Who even fears going to the bank, worried that someone will shoot him again?
Who did Quinn say recently in the large brick house built 14 years ago ``I have so much anger in me''?
When my baby is crying, what did I use to take?
Who especially occupies her thoughts: Vadewattee Muralidhara?
Whose feeling that her husband was not supposed to be at All-Tech that day has Medication not lessened?
Who can go on?
Who tuckes it away?
What did a BROKEN RELATIONSHIP Helen Brown come down every other month to fix around here for me?
Who say they 've simply tried to put the event out of their minds?
Who does he see at him from the passenger side of his car?
When does the soul ascend to heaven?
Who do the graves of his granddaughter and grandson flank?
Who was GOD TOOK AN ANGEL ' Marie Quinn's 4-year-old son?
What has not lessened her feeling that her husband was not supposed to be at All-Tech that day?
Who gets a little flash of it?
Who goes to counseling?
When 'll I just have to learn to take it day?
When's absolutely mind-boggling that one person could create that much sorrow?
Where did something need repairing?
Whose world went dark?
Who is her son?
What say they 've accepted what happened, and even gotten over their anger?
What do others say 've simply tried to put the event out of their minds?
When have we not done that?
What did he say, ``My wife says''?
What have still others reanalyzed?
Who said, ``Scottie never had a chance to get married or have children''?
What did he hear sounds from?
Who has undergone ``many surgeries,''?
What needed repairing at a BROKEN RELATIONSHIP Helen Brown's home in Florida?
What grow?
Who said, ``Roya Havash do believe in destiny''?
Who had passed through just 45 minutes before he was killed?
What do GOD TOOK AN ANGEL ' Marie Quinn go to?
Who was killed at Momentum?
What did their son turn?
What did he place a Swiss army knife, Boy Scout patches and Pokemon trading cards; beside Michelle with a pink dress and blond hair in?
What did Barton kill her with to the head?
What do I know?
Who have given her strength to deal with the loss of her husband?
What has been the hardest adjustment?
How many people were dead at the end?
Who do the graves of a grandfather's granddaughter and grandson flank?
Who can try to have a constructive life?
Who does not expect to regain her sight?
When was he born?
Where is a former stock trader's temper short?
Who is GOD TOOK AN ANGEL ' Marie Quinn's husband of 13 years?
Whose victims does she never want to visit Atlanta again, not even for a memorial service July 30 for?
What was Russell who nursed them?
Who can put this behind us?
What does it's absolutely mind-boggling?
Who does she rely on her husband of 13 years to take everywhere?
Who is her husband of 13 years?
When did a BROKEN RELATIONSHIP Helen Brown come down to fix things around here for me?
Who has GOD TOOK AN ANGEL ' Marie Quinn's salvation been?
Who did she wear when she died when he closes his eyes, he sees in the dress?
When did the 44-year-old day trader tear through two stock brokerages in the Atlanta financial district on the worst killing spree in Georgia's history?
What does he close?
What did a former stock trader think sounds were during a recent power outage at his business?
Who said, ``they were gone''?
When comes?
Who said, ``every other month was heartbreaking''?
Who did Nell Jones elude a bullet from?
Who sees her gazing at him from the passenger side of his car?
What did GOD TOOK AN ANGEL ' Marie Quinn find a ticket from on Ga. 400 near the shooting scene in her husband's personal effects?
Who tore through two stock brokerages in the Atlanta financial district on the worst killing spree in Georgia's history on July 29,1999, a year ago?
Where does she take classes?
What do a ballgame _ he is afraid will erupt?
Who was Ginger Lewis a cousin of?
Whose time comes?
What was Russell who took care of it?
What did a former stock trader hear sounds from?
Who was their son?
Who does GOD TOOK AN ANGEL ' Marie Quinn rely on her husband of 13 years to take everywhere?
Who do a ballgame _ is afraid a shooting will erupt?
Who believes that, or there is not anything?
What was too soon?
Whose first grandson is Bryce?
Who said, ``All of us have lost our loved ones''?
Who does not socialize with people she meets on her job?
What does GOD TOOK AN ANGEL ' Marie Quinn take classes at?
Who was he?
Who does GOD TOOK AN ANGEL ' Marie Quinn rely on to take her everywhere?
Who bursts into tears?
What did Swanson say to?
What did Barton kill her with a bullet to?
What did Van Camp enjoy her independence before?
Who did a BROKEN RELATIONSHIP Helen Brown count on?
Who has tried to put the shootings behind Eloise?
Who was not?
What's what I do with bad things?
Who smelled like him?
Who did Spivey invite to lunch a few weeks after last year's killings?
What did ATLANTA _ A widow kept on the bed because they smelled like her husband?
What did she return to for a while, but only as a form of therapy?
What was the last thing Kathleen Van Camp ever saw?
How many months before her husband was killed was he born?
Who was the children's grandfather?
Who was Faisal?
Who took the rest of the day off?
What did Barton admit to the crimes in a suicide note in?
What do they 've tried to reconstruct every moment of?
Who was a former All-Pro football player?
What did Quinn say recently in the large brick house ``I have so much anger in me''?
What's absolutely mind-boggling that one person could create that much sorrow?
What did Barton admit to the crimes in a suicide note he left in?
What does she burst into?
Who is haunted?
Who has suffered from depression like others who became widows last July 29?
Who is crying?
Who was sitting in an office at All-Tech when Barton came in, pulled out two handguns and began firing?
What 'll he start visiting?
What did the family insist?
What were inside the apartment?
When do they 've tried to reconstruct?
Who is their daughter?
What did he ask Swanson, her husband and their children to join his family for?
Who has Nell Jones tried to put the shootings behind?
What do a former stock trader tuck away?
Who have analyzed?
What have Debra Tenenbaum's three children given?
What is a scar along his lower left forearm?
Who did I force?
Who turns 5 on Friday?
What does a former stock trader take deposits from his dry cleaning business to?
What has that loss of freedom been?
What has Brown sold?
What did she find a ticket from on Ga. 400 near the shooting scene in her husband's personal effects?
What is short at home?
Who wore when she died when he closes his eyes, he sees his wife in the dress?
What does every time lose?
What do they want to sit down at eat together?
What did GOD TOOK AN ANGEL ' Marie Quinn say ?
What have families of some victims moved into?
What was GOD TOOK AN ANGEL ' Marie Quinn sitting in when Barton came in, pulled out two handguns and began firing?
What were wounded?
Who has her salvation been?
Who feels like I tuck it away?
Who do some who lived through the day's horror say 've accepted what happened, and even gotten over their anger?
What did the 44-year-old day trader tear through two stock brokerages in the Atlanta financial district on on July 29,1999, a year ago?
Who said she's still grieving, but is working 70-hour weeks as a diversion?
Whose strength to deal with the loss of her husband have Debra Tenenbaum's three children given?
When did a former stock trader take off?
What were the bodies of Barton's children, 11-year-old Matthew and 8-year-old Michelle, and their stepmother inside?
What do a ballgame _?
What is fresh paint?
Where was Russell killed?
Who told his mother, ``I just want to look at a picture of Dad _ I almost forgot what he looked like''?
When flank his slain wife and daughter?
What is the only evidence of former day trader Sang Yoon's wound?
What do a ballgame _ a former stock trader is afraid will erupt?
Whose ashes were scattered in the sea?
Whose home in Florida did something need repairing at?
What has the Brown family broken after a disagreement over how to disperse Russell's ashes?
What did she say ``I still have''?
What does a former stock trader take from his dry cleaning business to the bank?
Who does he see her gazing at from the passenger side of his car?
Who do others say 've simply tried to put the event out of their minds?
Who does she rely on to take her everywhere?
What did he place a Swiss army knife, Boy Scout patches and Pokemon trading cards; beside Michelle with in pigtails?
Who thinks of what her husband has missed the past 12 months?
Who did he tell, ``I just want to look at a picture of Dad _ I almost forgot what he looked like''?
What can we put behind us?
Who was her 4-year-old son?
What enjoyed her independence before the shooting?
What did he ask Swanson, her husband and their children to join for a Fourth of July party?
What will ever come back to me?
Who had he bludgeoned during the previous two days?
Who no longer speak to one another?
Who described the estrangement as unfortunate?
What do others say of?
When does their daughter turn 5?
What will some not talk about it at?
What does every week's absolutely mind-boggling?
What do others say they 've simply tried to put the event out of?
Who did he think were shots during a recent power outage at his business?
What was I who was interested?
Who was Ginger Lewis?
Whose clothes hang in his new closet?
Who did Patti Balon say's still grieving, but is working 70-hour weeks as a diversion?
What can a former stock trader be driving down?
What do a ballgame _ a former stock trader is afraid?
Who are dines?
Who heard sounds from an electric pole?
Who said recently in the large brick house she and her husband built 14 years ago ``I have so much anger in me''?
Who lives near her daughter in Orlando?
What does her family seek?
What did her 4-year-old son jump up from?
When had he bludgeoned his wife and his two children?
What takes classes at the Center for the Visually Impaired?
Who said ``I still have trouble going to bed''?
What do I tuck away?
Whose slain wife was Ginger Lewis a cousin of?
What does a BROKEN RELATIONSHIP Helen Brown never want to visit Atlanta again for July 30 for Barton's victims?
What has Nell Jones tried to put behind Eloise?
What did GOD TOOK AN ANGEL ' Marie Quinn say ``I still have''?
What needed repairing at her home in Florida?
Who said, ``I still do all the things we used to do together _ jogging and playing tennis _''?
Who placed a Swiss army knife, Boy Scout patches and Pokemon trading cards; beside Michelle with a pink dress and blond hair in pigtails?
Who cookes the evening meal?
Who returned to day trading for a while, but only as a form of therapy?
What did something need repairing at?
Who asked Swanson, her husband and their children to join his family for a Fourth of July party?
Who did she say's still grieving, but is working 70-hour weeks as a diversion?
Who had been killed?
Who 're Muslim?
Who did Barton kill with a bullet to the head?
Who thought sounds were shots during a recent power outage at his business?
What did Quinn say recently in she and her husband built 14 years ago ``I have so much anger in me''?
Who does Brown live near?
Who invited Swanson to lunch a few weeks after last year's killings?
What has Nell Jones tried to put behind her?
Who was a really self-reliant person?
What does he take deposits from his dry cleaning business to?
Where does GOD TOOK AN ANGEL ' Marie Quinn take classes?
Whose independence did Van Camp enjoy before the shooting?
Who recently moved to a new house?
Who did old sheets smell like?
What _ Momentum Securities Inc. and All-Tech Investment Group _ have reopened cover the remnants of the carnage?
Who was the project guy?
What do the children have to have?
What seeks clarity about life?
Who are the hardest?
Who jumped up from the dinner table?
Who shot her twice _ once in the chest?
What did he hear from an electric pole?
Who did others who had lived through the killings help regain control of her emotions?
What did Quinn say recently in the large brick house she and her husband built 14 years ago ?
When did a former stock trader take the rest off?
What faced unimaginable violence; today?
What do the day-trading offices _ Momentum Securities Inc. and All-Tech Investment Group _ have reopened cover?
When my baby is crying, who used to take care of that?
Where is his temper short?
Who did he shoot twice _ once in the chest?
What did Quinn say recently in the large brick house she and her husband built 14 years ago ``I have''?
When does Spivey believe his wife, Eloise, and Debra, his daughter and Barton's first wife, were murdered by Barton?
Who was there's son?
What does he avoid?
Who had bludgeoned his wife and his two children during the previous two days?
Who does not give you more than you can handle?
What do a ballgame _ he is afraid?
Who said?
Who 'll just have to learn to take it day by day?
What did there's son turn?
When does Rene Swanson think about what she discovered at Barton's apartment in Stockbridge aN OFFICER ALSO GRIEVES Almost?
Who was Bill Spivey?
Who learned to drive?
Whose birthday will always fall the day before the anniversary of her father's death?
Who were scattered in the sea?
What did Rene Swanson place a Swiss army knife, Boy Scout patches and Pokemon trading cards; beside Michelle with a pink dress and blond hair in?
Who gets angry?
Whose temper is short at home?
What does he cook?
What does others seek?
What's what a former stock trader do with bad things?
What did he shoot her twice _ once in?
Who was her son?
When did he take off?
What did Rene Swanson place beside Michelle with a pink dress and blond hair in pigtails?
Who relies on her husband of 13 years to take her everywhere?
Who said, ``My wife says I 've changed''?
Whose son was Russell?
Who does Spivey believe his wife, Eloise, and Debra, his daughter and Barton's first wife, were murdered by in 1993?
Who went in there?
What was Russell's _ his clothes?
What can I be driving down?
When was GOD TOOK AN ANGEL ' Marie Quinn born?
What traveled to their native Trinidad for a Hindu ceremony?
What did a BROKEN RELATIONSHIP Helen Brown's husband and oldest son have?
Who was Leigh Ann?
What smelled like GOD TOOK AN ANGEL ' Marie Quinn?
What were dead at the end?
What would bring ``peace to her soul?''
Who does a BROKEN RELATIONSHIP Helen Brown never want to visit Atlanta again, not even for a memorial service July 30 for?
What did Rene Swanson place a Swiss army knife, Boy Scout patches and Pokemon trading cards; beside Michelle with in pigtails?
What is a former stock trader's temper short at?
What does they seek?
What did they face?
Whose son is Scott Webb?
When will her birthday always fall the day?
Whose husband is Jamshid?
What did others who had lived through the killings help her regain?
Who 'm going to cry?
Where did she find a ticket from the toll booth in her husband's personal effects?
What was ashes?
Who did she wear when she died when he closes his eyes, sees his wife in the dress?
Who was Swanson?
When did Spivey invite Swanson to lunch after last year's killings?
When my baby is crying, what did I use to take care of?
What did the Muralidhara family travel to their native Trinidad for?
What _ A widow kept old sheets on the bed because they smelled like her husband?
Who avoids the cemetery where his grandchildren, their mother and his wife are buried alongside one another?
Who was it who was interested?
What do a former stock trader get?
Who thinks of what GOD TOOK AN ANGEL ' Marie Quinn's husband has missed the past 12 months?
What did Barton admit to he left in the living room?
What was furniture?
What does Spivey not like to talk about?
What have antidepressants failed to eliminate?
How many Debra Tenenbaum's children have given her strength to deal with the loss of her husband?
Who had a former stock trader bludgeoned during the previous two days?
Who was Leigh Ann Barton?
What did he think were shots during a recent power outage at his business?
When did he come down to fix things around here for me?
What did a former stock trader think were shots during a recent power outage at his business?
Who were then washed?
What did the Quran say?
Who said, ``That's the one thing 16 'll live with every year''?
What did she find a ticket from the toll booth on in her husband's personal effects?
Who was a cousin of Barton's slain wife?
Who does she never want to visit Atlanta again, not even for a memorial service July 30 for?
How many months before her husband was killed was GOD TOOK AN ANGEL ' Marie Quinn born?
What was Michelle?
Who said, ``now a former stock trader do every time without my partner''?
Who faced unimaginable violence; today?
What want to sit down at a table and all eat together?
Who was furniture?
When will her birthday always fall before the anniversary of her father's death?
Who seeks some truth that will help it all make sense?
What do some who lived through the day's horror say over?
Who expects more?
Whose victims does a BROKEN RELATIONSHIP Helen Brown never want to visit Atlanta again, not even for a memorial service July 30 for?
Who does not socialize with people Eloise meets on her job?
Who have reanalyzed everything that happened?
What did GOD TOOK AN ANGEL ' Marie Quinn find a ticket from the toll booth on in her husband's personal effects?
Who has sold her house?
When had Roya Havash passed before he was killed?
Who said, ``That's pretty much the stock market''?
Who was it?
What does he undress by?
What does Swanson not socialize with?
What were 13 people dead at?
What have we not done in almost a year now?
What had all three been beaten to with a hammer?
Who can be driving down the road?
What does he take deposits from to the bank?
Who is GOD TOOK AN ANGEL ' Marie Quinn's first grandson?
Who said, ``now I do it without my partner''?
What did a former stock trader think during a recent power outage at his business?
What is his temper short at?
What do I get?
What has broken its ties with Balon after a disagreement over how to disperse Russell's ashes?
What did he think during a recent power outage at his business?
What does Rene Swanson think about what she discovered at Barton's apartment in Stockbridge GRIEVES Almost every day?
Who is her first grandson?
What did he recently move to?
Who was cancer?
What are Nights?
What did Nell Jones elude from Barton?
Whose slain wife was Leigh Ann?
Who said, ``I put it on the back burner and do not think about it unless it hits me right in the face''?
Who does Spivey believe were murdered by Barton in 1993?
Who was something?
What seeks some truth that will help it all make sense?
What have failed to eliminate the pain?
Who said, ``She was not keen on day trading''?
Who cannot bear to visit the graves of his granddaughter and grandson?
What were Vadewattee Muralidhara's ashes scattered in?
What did she say as?
What did ATLANTA _ A widow kept old sheets on because they smelled like her husband?
What will some not talk about at all?
Who counted on her son?
What do I go to?
Who go to counseling?
When do others 've tried to reconstruct?
Who was Russell?
What does Rene Swanson think about what Patti Balon discovered at Barton's apartment in Stockbridge GRIEVES Almost every day?
What did Balon describe as unfortunate?
What did he hope to leave behind?
Who get a little flash of the road?
Who said, ``There are no words to describe it''?
What does GOD TOOK AN ANGEL ' Marie Quinn take at the Center for the Visually Impaired?
What had all three been beaten to death with hammer?
What did he come down every other month to fix around here for me?
What do his wife's clothes hang in?
Whose personal effects did she find a ticket from the toll booth on Ga. 400 near the shooting scene in?
Who is GOD TOOK AN ANGEL ' Marie Quinn's husband?
Who was a doll?
What do the day-trading offices _?
What enjoyed GOD TOOK AN ANGEL ' Marie Quinn's independence before the shooting?
Where did GOD TOOK AN ANGEL ' Marie Quinn find a ticket from the toll booth in her husband's personal effects?
Who admitted to the crimes in a suicide note he left in the living room?
What can we try to have?
Who takes classes at the Center for the Visually Impaired?
Who is Dean Delawalla?
Who takes deposits from his dry cleaning business to the bank?
Whose three children have given GOD TOOK AN ANGEL ' Marie Quinn's strength to deal with the loss of her husband?
What did her husband and oldest son have?
What did Swanson say she cannot come to terms with the ritualistic way Barton killed in?
Where did the Muralidhara family travel for a Hindu ceremony?
Who feels a tickling sensation along his scar?
What did he place beside Michelle with a pink dress and blond hair in pigtails?
When will always fall the day before the anniversary of her father's death?
If I had been killed, what would I have left behind?
What do some who lived through the day's horror say 've accepted what happened, and even gotten over their anger?
Who is Shahla?
What did he think they were shots during?
Who was their stepmother?
What went dark?
What have frayed?
Who believes his wife, Eloise, and Debra, his daughter and Barton's first wife, were murdered by Barton in 1993?
Who said, ``That's the one thing we 'll live with every year''?
Who was born three months before her husband was killed?
What was she sitting in when Barton came in, pulled out two handguns and began firing?
Who is Scott Webb?
Who did he place a Swiss army knife, Boy Scout patches and Pokemon trading cards; beside with a pink dress and blond hair in pigtails?
What will not talk about it at all?
What do I believe that, or there is not?
What did the Muralidhara family travel to for a Hindu ceremony?
What does she never want to visit Atlanta again for July 30 for Barton's victims?
Who does Spivey believe by?
What do I get a little flash of?
Who did he come down every other month to fix things around here for?
What does she take at the Center for the Visually Impaired?
What has he too lost?
What does it lose?
Who can a grandfather not bear to visit the graves of?
What was Russell's _ something's clothes?
What said that when your time comes, Roya Havash have to go?
What 've tried to reconstruct every moment of the tragedy?
Who said, ``It was heartbreaking''?
What does GOD TOOK AN ANGEL ' Marie Quinn not expect to regain?
What did she find a ticket from the toll booth on Ga. 400 near the shooting scene in?
Who know Eddie will not be there?
Who said, ``That's pretty much it''?
What try to escape the memories?
Who is Michael Sovereign, and others?
Who did a BROKEN RELATIONSHIP Helen Brown come down every other month to fix things around here for?
Who closes his eyes?
What do others say they 've simply tried to put out of their minds?
What did she wear when she died when he closes his eyes, he sees his wife in?
What did GOD TOOK AN ANGEL ' Marie Quinn find from the toll booth on Ga. 400 near the shooting scene in her husband's personal effects?
Whose grandfather was Bill Spivey?
What did GOD TOOK AN ANGEL ' Marie Quinn find a ticket from the toll booth on Ga. 400 near the shooting scene in?
Who too has lost his freedom?
What did she find from the toll booth on Ga. 400 near the shooting scene in her husband's personal effects?
When did he take the rest off?
