Who were meteorologists and structures experts?
What will examine all the available parts to figure out how the plane broke up-- and the cause of the break-up?
What will officials analyze the plane's history and maintenance records as well as for more clues to the flight's final records?
What is the National Transportation Safety Board leading?
What have authorities acknowledged?
What have authorities acknowledged they may never find?
What are officials also examining radar data from five states to create a more accurate picture of before it crashed about 7 miles off the coast of Aquinnah?
What did CBS news report Friday night that preliminary reports showed is suspected to be the cause behind the fatal accident?
What did it crash about 7 miles off?
What did Beck say, ``Everything's aboard''?
What FORCE BASE?
What have authorities acknowledged may never find the reason for the crash that killed Kennedy, his wife and sister-in-law?
What did CBS news report Friday night that preliminary reports showed?
What did it crash off the coast of Aquinnah?
How many miles did it crash off the coast of Aquinnah?
Who were metallurgists?
Who does the National Transportation Safety Board hope to learn to?
When did CBS news report that preliminary reports showed pilot error is suspected to be the cause behind the fatal accident?
What did a more accurate picture of the plane's path crash off the coast of Aquinnah?
What did he say has been removed from the ocean floor?
What did he say about 90 percent of the wreckage has been removed from?
What have authorities acknowledged may never find the reason for the crash that killed Kennedy, a Coast Guard official's wife and sister-in-law?
What hopes to learn what happened July 16 that caused the plane to dive into the sea off the coast of Martha's Vineyard?
Who did a Coast Guard official say arrived late Friday night?
Whose single-engine Piper Saratoga was described as ``twisted metal''?
What do OTIS AIR force?
How many miles did a more accurate picture of the plane's path crash off the coast of Aquinnah?
When will officials analyze as well as Kennedy's pilot experience for more clues to the flight's final records?
Who was described as ``twisted metal''?
Whose single-engine Piper Saratoga did a Coast Guard official say arrived late Friday night?
Who told the Boston Herald?
When will they analyze as well as Kennedy's pilot experience for more clues to the flight's final records?
What have emerged that there was no mechanical failure in the engine or with the craft's propellers?
What is BASE?
Who said about 90 percent of the wreckage has been removed from the ocean floor?
Whose pilot experience will they analyze the plane's history and maintenance records as well as for more clues to the flight's final records?
What did a more accurate picture of the plane's path crash about 7 miles off?
When did a Coast Guard official say Kennedy's single-engine Piper Saratoga arrived late?
Who have authorities acknowledged may never find the reason for the crash that killed Kennedy, a Coast Guard official's wife and sister-in-law?
What is Mass.?
What will they analyze the plane's history and maintenance records as well as Kennedy's pilot experience for?
What have acknowledged they may never find the reason for the crash that killed Kennedy, a Coast Guard official's wife and sister-in-law?
Whose pilot experience will officials analyze the plane's history and maintenance records as well as for more clues to the flight's final records?
Who said Kennedy's single-engine Piper Saratoga arrived late Friday night?
What will officials analyze the plane's history and maintenance records as well as Kennedy's pilot experience for?
What did Victor Beck say has been removed from the ocean floor?
How many flatbed trucks under police escort-- transported wreckage from the John F. Kennedy Jr.?
What-- transported wreckage from the John F. Kennedy Jr.?
What will analyze the plane's history and maintenance records as well as Kennedy's pilot experience for more clues to the flight's final records?
Who did-- Two flatbed trucks under police escort transport wreckage from?
What crashed about 7 miles off the coast of Aquinnah?
What was Kennedy's single-engine Piper Saratoga described as?
Who will analyze the plane's history and maintenance records as well as Kennedy's pilot experience for more clues to the flight's final records?
What said, ``Everything's aboard that's coming aboard''?
What did Victor Beck say about 90 percent of the wreckage has been removed from?
What reported Friday night that preliminary reports showed pilot error is suspected to be the cause behind the fatal accident?
What hangar where it will be examined in detail by federal investigators?
Who have authorities acknowledged may never find the reason for the crash that killed Kennedy, his wife and sister-in-law?
What did-- Two flatbed trucks under police escort transport from the John F. Kennedy Jr.?
What did CBS news report Friday night?
What is expected to be recovered?
What did NTSB spokesman Paul Schlamm tell?
What have acknowledged they may never find the reason for the crash that killed Kennedy, his wife and sister-in-law?
What will the safety board examine?
What are officials also examining radar data from five states to create before it crashed about 7 miles off the coast of Aquinnah?
What will they analyze the plane's history and maintenance records as well as for more clues to the flight's final records?
Who said?
What is leading the investigation?
Whose Vineyard was Mass.?
Who said the costs were covered by the Coast Guard's annual congressional appropriation for operating expenses?
When did the search and rescue effort begin?
Whose annual congressional appropriation for operating expenses did Lapinski say the costs were covered by?
What was maintenance and salaries?
What was Mass.?
What did a spokesman say Friday WASHINGTON-- The U. S. Coast Guard incurred?
What did a spokesman say Friday incurred costs totaling $287,402 in the first two days of the search for John F. Kennedy Jr.'s missing aircraft?
What did Lapinski say were covered by the Coast Guard's annual congressional appropriation for operating expenses?
What ended when it became clear that Kennedy's plane had crashed into the Atlantic off Martha's Vineyard?
What began early Saturday morning?
What was Martha's Vineyard?
What ended when early Saturday morning became clear that Kennedy's plane had crashed into the Atlantic off Martha's Vineyard?
What did Lapinski say the costs were covered by?
What was fuel?
What was the couple's dog frequently seen around the city with?
When did Kennedy and Carolyn Bessette Kennedy's plane disappear?
When did their plane disappear?
Whose plane disappeared last weekend?
What was Friday?
What was frequently seen around the city with the couple?
Who died?
What was the couple's dog frequently seen around with the couple?
What did the Daily News first report on Thursday in?
Who was the couple's dog frequently seen around the city with?
When was the couple's dog?
When did the Daily News first report that the dog was alive and living in Massachusetts with the couple's relatives?
What disappeared last weekend?
What was frequently seen around the city with them?
What was not immediately known if the Kennedys ' cat was also in Massachusetts?
What was the couple's dog frequently seen around with them?
What first reported on Thursday that the dog was alive and living in Massachusetts with the couple's relatives?
Where did the Daily News first report on Thursday?
When did Kennedy, his wife, Carolyn Bessette Kennedy, and sister-in-law Lauren Bessette die?
Who does the magazine quote as saying: ``In the most challenging of times, men and women of courage and conviction make a difference?''
What is without a celebrity cover for the first time?
Whose death does the October issue come after?
What contains several interviews Kennedy did?
What does the October issue have?
What does the October issue have a blurry image of?
When does the October issue come?
What is NEW YORK without?
What comes two months after Kennedy's death?
Who died in July when the plane he was piloting crashed off the shore of Martha's Vineyard?
What quotes Kennedy as saying: ``In the most challenging of times, men and women of courage and conviction make a difference?''
What has a blurry image of the American flag?
What does the issue contain?
When did NTSB spokesman Terry Williams say only that the report will be released?
What did NTSB spokesman Terry Williams tell The Associated Press that he had no information about?
What meant Kennedy was not qualified to fly by instruments alone?
When did NBC News report NEW YORK caused the plane crash that killed John F. Kennedy Jr. , his wife and his sister-in-law?
Who was N. J.?
What did NTSB spokesman Terry Williams tell that he had no information about the Kennedy crash report?
What was Fairfield?
What is expected to be released in the next several weeks?
When did he say only?
What did NTSB spokesman Terry Williams tell The Associated Press?
Who did not have instrument rating?
Who did instrument rating mean was not qualified to fly by instruments alone?
When did he say only that the report will be released?
What did instrument rating mean by?
What reported Thursday NEW YORK caused the plane crash that killed John F. Kennedy Jr. , his wife and his sister-in-law?
Who said only that the report will be released in several weeks?
Who crashed as he was flying with his wife, Carolyn Bessette Kennedy, and her sister Lauren?
What did Kennedy not have?
What meant he was not qualified to fly by instruments alone?
What did NBC News report Thursday NEW YORK caused?
Whose single-engine Piper Saratoga was flying with his wife, Carolyn Bessette Kennedy, and her sister Lauren?
Whose single-engine Piper Saratoga crashed as he was flying with his wife, Carolyn Bessette Kennedy, and her sister Lauren?
What is the National Transportation Safety Board finalizing?
When did NTSB spokesman Terry Williams say only?
Who was flying with his wife, Carolyn Bessette Kennedy, and her sister Lauren?
What did NTSB spokesman Terry Williams tell The Associated Press that he had?
Who told The Associated Press that he had no information about the Kennedy crash report?
What did NBC News report Thursday caused the plane crash that killed John F. Kennedy Jr. , his wife and his sister-in-law?
What is finalizing its report?
What did Ann Freeman release a statement from her home in last week saying the family would not mark the anniversary publicly?
Where was a small driftwood memorial built to the area where the plane went down?
What have we not had yet?
Who said Carolyn Bessette Kennedy's been very, very quiet?
What did an entire nation grieve the loss of?
Who was Ann Freeman?
What was the Vineyard's Philbin Beach?
Who did Barnstable Police Officer James Ellis say's been very, very quiet?
What did which bear?
Who was Ann Freeman mother of?
Who was mother of Carolyn, 33, and Lauren?
Whose single-engine Piper Saratoga fell into the waters late at night?
When mourned in private on Sunday?
What did photos of the former president's son fill?
What was built on the Vineyard's Philbin Beach to the area where the plane went down?
Who was John?
Who said we do not need to be reminded or have a memorial?
Who was his wife, Carolyn Bessette Kennedy, and her sister Lauren Bessette?
What filled the newsstands?
Whose wife, Carolyn Bessette Kennedy, and her sister Lauren Bessette was John F. Kennedy, Jr.?
Where did Ann Freeman release a statement from her home last week saying the family would not mark the anniversary publicly?
What determined the cause of the crash was pilot error and said Kennedy likely became disoriented in the night sky?
Whose Philbin Beach was closest?
What did an entire nation grieve?
Who said it's been very, very quiet?
Who did Anne McGhee say do not need to be reminded or have a memorial?
Who were mounded outside the New York building where the couple had lived?
When did the first anniversary of the July 16 crash passed quietly as relatives and friends mourn in private?
What did Barnstable Police Officer James Ellis say's been very, very quiet?
What did Ann Freeman release a statement from in Greenwich last week saying the family would not mark the anniversary publicly?
Who just know?
Who fell into the waters late at night?
What did Ann Freeman release a statement from her home in Greenwich last week saying?
What did Ann Freeman release a statement from her home in Greenwich last week saying would not mark the anniversary publicly?
What was Conn.?
When did Kennedy's single-engine Piper Saratoga fall into the waters?
What was a small driftwood memorial built on the Vineyard's Philbin Beach to?
Who was Anne McGhee?
Who 've had patrols out all week?
Who was John F. Kennedy, Jr.?
What grieved the loss of John F. Kennedy, Jr.?
What was a small driftwood memorial built on to the area where the plane went down?
Who was Carolyn and Lauren?
Where was a small driftwood memorial built on the Vineyard's Philbin Beach?
Who have not had a problem yet?
What did the National Transportation Safety Board determine in?
What were Flowers mounded outside building where the couple had lived?
What bore only the words?
What did the National Transportation Safety Board determine was pilot error and said Kennedy likely became disoriented in the night sky?
What was Martha's Vineyard's wife, Carolyn Bessette Kennedy, and her sister Lauren Bessette?
What was closest?
Who little was done to publicly recognize the tragic anniversary?
Who was a Harvard University professor who has a home on Martha's Vineyard?
What was Greenwich?
What did Kennedy's single-engine Piper Saratoga fall into late at night?
Who was 34?
What was Lauren?
When did Ann Freeman release a statement from her home in Greenwich last week saying the family would not mark publicly?
Who released a statement from her home in Greenwich last week saying the family would not mark the anniversary publicly?
What is the base model with?
What is the plane's rudder controlled with?
Who did Aviation experts say might have been practicing for obtaining an instrument rating?
What was it not clear Saturday?
How many gallons of fuel does a new, expensive and well-equipped private plane carry?
What commonly do not fly under air traffic control?
Who do Public records show that Kennedy was in December 1997?
How many pounds can a new, expensive and well-equipped private plane carry?
Who was in Europe?
When do Public records show?
What was not clear Saturday whether Kennedy's apparent injury might have affected his ability to control the plane?
What can Radar also give?
Who was John F. Kennedy Jr.?
What exceeds the distance that the plane could glide if the single engine failed on the most direct route?
What does a new, expensive and well-equipped private plane carry about 100 gallons of?
What do private planes commonly not fly under?
What is with various options?
How many people can the Saratoga carry?
What was suitable for a pilot of Kennedy's rating?
What can a new, expensive and well-equipped private plane carry?
What can it carry?
What was not clear Saturday whether Kennedy's apparent injury might have affected John F. Kennedy Jr.'s ability to control the plane?
What meant that he was not qualified to fly in conditions that required reliance on instrument navigation?
When was the plane's rudder not clear whether Kennedy's apparent injury might have affected John F. Kennedy Jr.'s ability to control the plane?
Who had the license?
Who said he had previously spoken to Kennedy about their mutual instructor?
What did the other pilot say he had from?
What did not have a more precise date?
What is controlled with foot pedals?
How many pounds can it carry?
What was James Paganelli chairman of?
What was a device that automatically responds to a query?
Who did the pilot say, ``He always said with''?
What did he have?
Who earned his private pilot's license in early 1998?
Who was a relatively new pilot, apparently relatively cautious?
What was the plane's rudder not clear Saturday?
What was the pilot ``pivoting around on''?
Whose apparent injury was it not clear Saturday?
What did John F. Kennedy Jr. fly?
How many gallons of fuel does it carry?
How many planes did he say are registered there?
Who was the weather on Friday night suitable for?
Who spoke at a news conference at the airport?
Whose sister was Lauren Bessette?
What would the transponder be responding with a generic code meaning it was a general aviation flight for?
Who did the pilot say to?
How many planes did James Paganelli say are registered there?
Who was James Paganelli?
What do small private airplanes typically not carry?
Who did the pilot say he had previously spoken to about a new, expensive and well-equipped private plane's mutual instructor?
What stated the airplane's identity and altitude?
What can also give useful information?
What was the instructor in?
What was the transponder?
Whose apparent injury might have affected John F. Kennedy Jr.'s ability to control the plane?
Who was Lauren Bessette?
What did the pilot ask not to be identified by?
What does it carry?
What does it carry about 100 gallons of?
Who did the pilot say had previously spoken to Kennedy about a new, expensive and well-equipped private plane's mutual instructor?
What did the pilot say he saw preparing to depart Friday night at about 8:15?
What can the Saratoga carry?
When had Kennedy registered the plane?
What did James Paganelli speak at at the airport?
Who flew a new, expensive and well-equipped private plane?
Who was not aboard the Saratoga on Friday night?
When do Public records show that Kennedy was still a flight student?
What carries about 100 gallons of fuel?
What does a new, expensive and well-equipped private plane carry?
Who was Ms. Bessette Kennedy's sister?
What does the front have?
Who had said that ``he had a good time'' flying with Kennedy?
What might have affected John F. Kennedy Jr.'s ability to control the plane?
Who said he might have been practicing for obtaining an instrument rating?
What did James Paganelli say are registered there?
Whose wife was Carolyn Bessette Kennedy?
Whose apparent injury might have affected his ability to control the plane?
Who was his wife?
What can carry six or seven people?
What were Saturday sorting through the previous night?
What carried a transponder from FAA radar?
Whose apparent injury was the plane's rudder not clear Saturday?
When was the instructor not aboard the Saratoga night?
What was he in?
What would the transponder be responding with a generic code not giving its precise identity for?
What does the plane have?
Who did the other pilot say had what appeared from a distance to be a crutch, but was not using it?
Who said Kennedy's Saratoga was almost new?
What would the transponder be responding with meaning it was a general aviation flight for private flights like this one?
What did Aviation experts say?
What did John F. Kennedy Jr. have?
Where was the pilot ``pivoting around''?
What would the transponder be responding with not giving its precise identity for private flights like this one?
What was a Piper Saratoga?
What might have affected his ability to control the plane?
When was the instructor not aboard the Saratoga on Friday?
Who apparently did not have an instrument rating?
What did Kennedy apparently not have?
Who was chairman of the Essex County Improvement Authority?
What typically do not carry cockpit voice recorders or flight data recorders?
Who said he saw the Kennedy party preparing to depart Friday night at about 8:15?
When did the pilot say he saw the Kennedy party preparing to depart at about 8:15?
Who can usually determine from the wreckage such questions as whether the propeller was intact and rotating at impact?
What did the pilot say was almost new?
What did he say are registered there?
Who did the pilot say he had previously spoken to Kennedy about?
What show that Kennedy was still a flight student in December 1997?
What did James Paganelli speak at a news conference at?
What did Kennedy earn?
What show that he was still a flight student in December 1997?
What can accident investigators usually determine from such questions as whether the propeller was intact and rotating at impact?
Who had registered the plane in April?
Who did the pilot say saw the Kennedy party preparing to depart Friday night at about 8:15?
Who do Public records show that he was in December 1997?
What does the distance to shore far exceed the distance that the plane could glide if the single engine failed on?
What would be responding with a generic code meaning it was a general aviation flight for private flights like this one?
What is list price on new Saratogas available?
When were Saturday sorting through all such flights?
What is $419,000 for the base model available?
Who said, ``He always said he had an instructor fly with him a lot in the Saratoga''?
What does the distance to shore far exceed on the most direct route?
Who said?
What can accident investigators usually determine from the wreckage?
What can carry about 1,100 pounds?
Who asked not to be identified by name?
Who said John F. Kennedy Jr. might have been practicing for obtaining an instrument rating?
What did the plane carry from FAA radar?
What did the plane carry a transponder from?
Who was Carolyn Bessette Kennedy?
What has a single six-cylinder engine, a little bigger than an engine in a large car?
When were sorting through all such flights the previous night?
When was it not clear whether Kennedy's apparent injury might have affected his ability to control the plane?
Who was Kennedy's wife?
Who said he had previously spoken to Kennedy about a new, expensive and well-equipped private plane's mutual instructor?
Who said he had what appeared from a distance to be a crutch, but was not using it?
What was suitable for a pilot of his rating?
What did the plane state?
What was the instructor not aboard on Friday night?
Where does the distance to shore far exceed the distance that the plane could glide if the single engine failed?
When do Public records show that he was still a flight student?
What did an instrument rating mean in?
Who can usually determine from the wreckage such questions whether the plane broke up in flight?
What did the pilot say he saw the Kennedy party preparing to depart Friday night at?
What did the pilot say at?
Who was the plane?
What did he apparently not have?
Who did the pilot say had previously spoken to Kennedy about their mutual instructor?
Whose Saratoga did the pilot say was almost new?
Who did the pilot say he had previously spoken to about their mutual instructor?
What had Kennedy registered in April?
What might Kennedy's apparent injury have affected?
Whose license in early 1998 did Kennedy earn?
What can accident investigators usually determine from such questions whether the plane broke up in flight?
What meant that Kennedy was not qualified to fly in conditions that required reliance on instrument navigation?
Who said about 350 planes are registered there?
What would be responding with a generic code not giving its precise identity for private flights like this one?
Who was ``pivoting around on one spot''?
When did the Federal Aviation Administration not have?
Whose ability to control the plane might Kennedy's apparent injury have affected?
What has flight controls?
What will the autopilot keep the craft at with the press of two buttons?
What should the Saratoga not be?
Who does the plane compass heading should target?
When do Government and company records indicate?
What did Goulian concern?
What do some pilots jump from a 90 m. p. h training airplane to?
What also has an autopilot?
Who did Michael Danziger say has kept the Saratoga flying straight?
Who was Larry Lorenzo?
Who did not ask for a private service that tracks private flights?
Who said, ``Kennedy 're very busy in the cockpit''?
What should not be a handful for a low-time pilot who had proper training in the aircraft?
Who was not required to?
What has sophisticated avionics including GPS, or global positioning system?
What did Kennedy purchase his new plane _ a 1996 model _ in April for an estimated $300,000?
What compass heading he should target?
Who said, ``you need the experience level to keep up with it''?
What was Hasbrouck?
What was not optimal?
Who said my 6-year-old son has kept it flying straight?
What do some fellow pilots suggest?
Who said the Saratoga ``is not the sort of plane Kennedy would want to learn to fly in''?
Who was N. J.?
Who is still engaged?
Who said, ``Kennedy just adjust to the performance capability of the airplane''?
Who was one N. J. -based pilot?
Whose 6-year-old son did Michael Danziger say has kept the Saratoga flying straight?
Who said, ``Kennedy need the experience level to keep up with the performance capability of the airplane''?
Who said the Saratoga ``is not the sort of plane you would want to learn to fly in''?
Who also did not file a flight plan with authorities?
What compass heading Michael Danziger should target?
Who did Hasbrouck sell a more powerful and complicated plane to Kennedy through?
What was Fla.?
What was Piper Saratoga II TC?
When did John F. Kennedy Jr. head for the small airport on Martha's Vineyard?
Who get through that phase?
Who do some fellow pilots suggest should have brought a flight instructor?
What would global positioning system enable Kennedy to be sitting on in Martha's Vineyard?
Who would have a more difficult time discerning the horizon?
What would enable Kennedy to be sitting on the ground in Caldwell plug in Martha's Vineyard?
What did Kennedy purchase _ a 1996 model Piper Saratoga II TC _ in April for an estimated $300,000?
When was that?
Whose Vineyard would global positioning system enable Kennedy to be sitting on the ground in Caldwell plug in?
Who do some fellow pilots suggest he should have brought?
Who would global positioning system enable to be sitting on the ground in Caldwell plug in Martha's Vineyard?
Who sold a more powerful and complicated plane to Kennedy through a broker?
What would global positioning system enable Kennedy to be sitting on the ground in Caldwell plug in?
Who was Mass.?
When did he head for the small airport on Martha's Vineyard?
What does the plane compass heading?
What was originally used by a private North Carolina company, then by Munir Hussain of Hasbrouck?
Who said, ``you just adjust to the performance capability of the airplane''?
Who also questioned why Kennedy took off Friday evening from the airport in New Jersey in the first place?
What can the pilot turn even though the auto pilot is still engaged?
What will the autopilot keep at a designated altitude and heading with the press of two buttons?
Who said, ``You 're very busy in the cockpit''?
Who concerned the more powerful aircraft?
What do fellow pilots say then he ``traded up'' to?
What was Lakeland?
Who may have had an injured foot as well _ although one N. J. -based pilot said Kennedy could have operated the rudder pedals on the plane fairly easily?
What had he just upgraded to?
Who knew where he was going?
What did Kennedy also not file with authorities?
What did he not ask for?
Who headed for the small airport on Martha's Vineyard Friday night?
What was a 300-horsepower, single-engine six-seater?
Who could walk?
What was Myron Goulian?
What get through that phase?
When would pilots under those conditions have?
What did one N. J. -based pilot say Kennedy could have operated fairly easily?
Who had just upgraded to a more powerful and complicated plane?
What's great as long as you 're ahead of the airplane?
What's great as long as Kennedy 're ahead of the airplane?
What indicate no history of mechanical problems?
Who was Michael Danziger?
What did Michael Danziger say my 6-year-old son has kept flying straight?
What does Kennedy look for?
What are very solid?
Who can GPS tell where the nearest airport is in case of emergency among other things?
Who was head of Executive Flyers Aviation in Bedford?
What also has a second fuel tank that the pilot must remember to select to avert disaster?
When did Kennedy purchase?
What is really easy to fly?
Who jump from a 90 m. p. h training airplane to a 220 m. p. h. plane that's very slippery and high-performance?
What does the plane also have?
What does the plane have?
What will keep the craft at a designated altitude and heading with the press of two buttons?
What would global positioning system get?
What did Kennedy not ask for?
Who said Pilots were reporting poor visibility due to haze?
What did Myron Goulian say Pilots were reporting?
Who did Kennedy not have?
What was a horrible night?
What did Morningstar say is needed for spatial oreintation to keep the plane upright?
What may Kennedy have had as well _ although one N. J. -based pilot said Kennedy could have operated the rudder pedals on the plane fairly easily?
What did one N. J. -based pilot say?
Who did one N. J. -based pilot say could have operated the rudder pedals on the plane fairly easily?
What should it not be?
What do some pilots jump from to a 220 m. p. h. plane that's very slippery and high-performance?
Who was not licensed to fly using instruments only?
Who say then Kennedy ``traded up'' to the Saratoga?
Who did Myron Goulian say were reporting poor visibility due to haze?
Who was a Lincoln, Mass. pilot who owns a Saratoga and flies frequently to the Vineyard?
What do fellow pilots estimate in?
What does he look for?
Who can turn the plane even though the auto pilot is still engaged?
What did Kennedy purchase his new plane _ Piper Saratoga II TC _ in April for an estimated $300,000?
What did he head for Friday night?
Who purchased his new plane _ a 1996 model Piper Saratoga II TC _ in April for an estimated $300,000?
When was it?
When do they get?
What did Kennedy learn to fly at Flight Safety International in?
Who did Morningstar say the ability to see the horizon, or having a view of the ground, is needed for to keep the plane upright?
Who suggest he should have brought a flight instructor?
Who do fellow pilots say then ``traded up'' to the Saratoga?
What do fellow pilots say then Kennedy ``traded up'' to?
What has state-of-the-art equipment?
What can tell a pilot where the nearest airport is in case of emergency among other things?
Who said the ability to see the horizon, or having a view of the ground, is needed for spatial oreintation to keep the plane upright?
Who said Kennedy's 6-year-old son has kept the Saratoga flying straight?
What does the Saratoga also have?
What will the autopilot keep the craft at a designated altitude and heading with?
Who was a 35-year-old family-owned flight school?
What did he say Pilots were reporting?
Who are very solid?
Who did Michael Danziger say has kept it flying straight?
Where did Kennedy learn to fly at Flight Safety International?
Who said?
What did John F. Kennedy Jr. head for Friday night?
What did Hasbrouck sell to Kennedy through a broker?
What would get the distance?
Who did Hasbrouck sell a more powerful and complicated plane to through a broker?
What did Kennedy learn to fly at in Lakeland?
What did Morningstar say?
Who did Hasbrouck sell it to through a broker?
When do some fellow pilots get?
Who said Kennedy could have operated the rudder pedals on the plane fairly easily?
What did Kennedy purchase his new plane _ a 1996 model Piper Saratoga II TC _ in April for?
What may Kennedy have had an injured foot as well _ although one N. J. -based pilot said?
What do Government and company records indicate no history of?
What can GPS tell a pilot where the nearest airport is in case of emergency among?
Who learned to fly at Flight Safety International in Lakeland?
Who do not?
Who did Hasbrouck sell it to Kennedy through?
What does it also have?
What does the Saratoga have?
What was Myron Goulian head of in Bedford?
When did Kennedy purchase his new plane _ a 1996 model?
Who sold it to Kennedy through a broker?
When did Kennedy purchase his new plane _ a 1996 model Piper Saratoga II TC _ for an estimated $300,000?
What was Bedford?
What did Kennedy also not file a flight plan with?
Who did not have a flight instructor accompanying him?
Who looks for more carrying capacity and power?
What did Michael Danziger say Kennedy's 6-year-old son has kept flying straight?
Who say then he ``traded up'' to the Saratoga?
Who did he say were reporting poor visibility due to haze?
Who did &QL; &QL; Q. What kind of flight certification do have?
What is equipped with an Emergency Locating Transmitter or is automatically activated by impact with the ground or water?
What flies 500,000 hours annually?
Who can pilots turn on by radio?
If visibility is 1,000 to 3,000 miles, who are required to use Instrument Flight Rules?
Who emits a radio signal?
What is A. The Piper Saratoga II described in company literature as?''
Who can the Emergency Locating Transmitter be triggered manually by?
What Is there anything special about the type of plane Kennedy was flying?
Who was?
What do flight instructors say for?
If the cloud ceiling is between 500 and 1,000 feet, who are required to use Instrument Flight Rules?
What is manufactured by The New Piper Aircraft Inc. of Vero Beach?
Who must complete a written exam, log at least 40 hours of flight time?
Who must complete a written exam, pass a final ``check ride'' with an FAA examiner?
If visibility is 1,000 to 3,000 miles, what are pilots required to use?
When does more than 7,500 fly annually?
What has been involved in 118 accidents or incidents, according to the National Transportation Safety Board, and 26 crashes in which a fatality occured since 1996?
What is it not known now?
Who was N. J.?
Who purchased the Piper Saratoga plane in April?
If the cloud ceiling is between 500 and 1,000 feet, what are pilots required to use?
How many miles in haze was visibility at Essex County Airport?
What is it unclear with?
What does the Piper Saratoga plane require?
What did A. Kennedy fly?
What do flight instructors say hazy conditions are difficult for flying?
What is described in company literature as the ``SUV of single-engine planes?''
What are in use worldwide?
What has far more engine power?
What did Kennedy not have?
How many hours do most students log before seeking certification?
What requires additional certification?
What is any deviation unclear with?
Whose Vineyard is any deviation unclear with?
Who frequently flew in his Cessna Skyline 182?
Who was not required to file a flight plan for his trip to Martha's Vineyard?
What can pilots turn runway lights on by?
If a plane has not filed a flight plan, and is not in radio contract with controllers, what would not cause alarm?
Who log 60 or 70 hours before seeking certification?
What did A. Kennedy take off from at 8:38 p. m. Friday night?
What was 4-5 miles in haze?
What Should &QL; &QL; Q. anyone in have been concerned that Kennedy's flight did not arrive, or that his radar dropped off?
What must a student pilot complete, log at least 40 hours of flight time?
What did A. Kennedy receive his basic pilot's license two years ago in?
What must a student pilot complete, pass a final ``check ride'' with an FAA examiner?
What is Vero Beach?
What was visibility at Essex County Airport?
When did he purchase the Piper Saratoga plane?
What is A. The Piper Saratoga II manufactured by?
What can pilots turn them on by?
Where did A. Kennedy receive his basic pilot's license?
What did the plane make into Martha's Vineyard?
Who can turn runway lights on by radio?
What has the Saratoga been involved in in which a fatality occured since 1996?
What never did?
What was Fairfield?
What is the endorsement of a flight instructor not known now?
Who received additional instruction before or after buying a more powerful plane?
Who did John F. Kennedy, Jr. have?
What &QL; &QL; Q. Is there?
What is A. The Piper Saratoga II described in as the ``SUV of single-engine planes?''
What was received at 9:38 p. m.?
What does a student need?
What did &QL; &QL; Q. What kind of flight certification do?
What does the Piper Saratoga plane have?
What must a student pilot complete a written exam, pass?
What Is there anything special about the type of plane what is its safety record?
Who can turn them on by radio?
What is it described in as the ``SUV of single-engine planes?''
What is it manufactured by?
What did A. Kennedy take off from Essex County Airport in Fairfield at Friday night?
What did the plane make its approach into?
Who flew a Piper Saratoga single-engine plane?
Who can be triggered manually by the pilot?
Whose Vineyard did the plane make its approach into?
What do flight instructors say are difficult for VFR flying?
When declined to comment?
What &QL; Q. What were the conditions at the time of the flight?
What are turned off when the airport tower closes at 10 p. m.?
What was the last radar signal from Kennedy's plane received at?
What did he purchase in April?
When must a student pilot complete a written exam, log at least 40 hours?
What would have been on as Kennedy's plane made its final approach to Martha's Vineyard at about 9:30 p. m.?
Who took off?
What &QL; &QL; Q. Are on at the Martha's Vineyard Airport at all times?
What &QL; &QL; Q. Is there anything special about?
What made its approach into Martha's Vineyard?
When did A. Kennedy take off from Essex County Airport in Fairfield at 8:38 p. m.?
How many hours a day does the airport operate?
Who does &QL; &ql;?
When has the Saratoga been involved in 118 accidents or incidents, according to the National Transportation Safety Board, and 26 crashes in which a fatality occured?
Who was Carolyn Bessette Kennedy, and her sister Lauren?
Whose wife was Carolyn Bessette Kennedy, and her sister Lauren?
Who did not additional certification have?
When had visibility improved?
When did John F. Kennedy Jr. climb into the cockpit of a small plane?
What has the disappearance of Kennedy's plane raised familiar questions about?
Who took off from Essex County Airport in Fairfield at 8:38 p. m. Friday night?
Whose license did A. Kennedy receive two years ago in Florida?
Who Are runway lights on at the Martha's Vineyard Airport at all times?
Who climbed into the cockpit of a small plane Friday night?
What did A. Kennedy receive two years ago in Florida?
When must a student pilot complete a written exam, log?
What does the transmitter emit?
Who was Kennedy's wife?
What &QL; Q. What are the requirements for flight certification?
Where did A. Kennedy frequently fly?
Who say hazy conditions are difficult for VFR flying?
How many hours of flight time must a student pilot complete a written exam, log?
What is not known now whether Kennedy received additional instruction before or after buying a more powerful plane?
What did Kennedy purchase in April?
Who does not work underwater?
What can pilots turn on by radio?
What is it described in company literature as?''
What is unclear whether Kennedy communicated with the control tower at Martha's Vineyard?
What did A. Kennedy frequently fly in?
When did Kennedy purchase the Piper Saratoga plane?
What had improved at the time Kennedy was due to arrive at Martha's Vineyard?
What was expected to arrive at Martha's Vineyard Airport at about 10 p. m.?
How many hours does more than 7,500 fly annually?
What did John F. Kennedy Jr. climb into Friday night?
When does the airport operate?
Whose Vineyard is it unclear with?
When do most students log before seeking certification?
What operates 24 hours a day?
If a plane has not filed a flight plan, and is not in radio contract with controllers, what would any deviation not cause?
What requires additional training to fly?
What has the disappearance of Kennedy's plane raised?
What did Kennedy receive before or after buying a more powerful plane?
What does Flying under IFR require?
When &QL; &QL; Q. Are runway lights on at the Martha's Vineyard Airport?
Who Should anyone in the airport have been concerned that Kennedy's flight did not arrive, or that his radar dropped off?
What was small but powerful?
Who received his basic pilot's license two years ago in Florida?
When is A. The Piper Saratoga II a 300-horsepower six-seater?
Who is Fla.?
Who needs further instruction and the endorsement of a flight instructor?
Who was the ``sexiest man alive mentioned as?
Whose Vineyard did he approach in the 300-horsepower, six-passenger aircraft?
Who were on their way here to attend the wedding of HYANNIS PORT's cousin?
What did Coast Guard Rear Adm. Richard M. Larrabee say for?
Who was the president the late Sen. Robert F. Kennedy assassinated in the 1960s like?
What were a piece of luggage and what appeared to be airplane parts dragged from the surf by beachgoers on?
When did he say that a mass was held for family members on the porch of the home of Ethel Kennedy?
Who was the president assassinated in the 1960s like HYANNIS PORT's brother?
What crashed into the ocean?
Who was he mentioned as?
When was the president the late Sen. Robert F. Kennedy assassinated like HYANNIS PORT's brother?
Where did Larrabee say a National Ocean and Atmospheric Administration?
Who approached Martha's Vineyard in the 300-horsepower, six-passenger aircraft?
What did he say that a mass was held for family members Saturday morning on?
Who were on their way here to attend the wedding of his cousin?
What did Larrabee say FAA records indicated radar had tracked Kennedy's plane as far as?
Whose Vineyard had Coast Guard Rear Adm. Richard M. Larrabee reportedly planned to drop off Miss Bessette at before proceeding on with his wife to Hyannis Port?
Who was HYANNIS PORT's cousin?
What were a piece of luggage and what appeared to be airplane parts dragged from by beachgoers on the western tip of the nearby island of Martha's Vineyard?
Who was receiving reports on the search at his weekend retreat at Camp David?
What did he choose instead?
What did Kennedy approach Martha's Vineyard in?
What was in the seclusion of Georgia's Cumberland Island?
Who was youngest daughter of the late Sen. Robert F. Kennedy?
What is Mass.?
Who founded George magazine?
Who was Rory Kennedy?
What _ Members of the Kennedy family gathered at their summer home here Saturday to pray?
How many Catholic priests did Brian O'Connor say were present?
Who had Coast Guard Rear Adm. Richard M. Larrabee reportedly planned to drop off at Martha's Vineyard before proceeding on with his wife to Hyannis Port?
Who was the New York bar examination dated?
What did press secretary Joe Lockhart say in, ``All our prayers and thoughts are with the families of those on board''?
Who was not trained in instrument-assisted flying procedures?
Whose widow was Ethel Kennedy?
What had served as a family's _ and a nation's _ focal point for tragedy in the past?
What had Kennedy not filed?
What did the ``sexiest man alive found?
What was dated movie stars?
Who was the president assassinated in the 1960s like his brother?
What had John Kennedy Jr. been in for most of his life despite a self-described love of privacy not unlike that of his mother?
What had John Kennedy Jr. been in the nation's limelight for despite a self-described love of privacy not unlike that of his mother?
Whose Vineyard did Kennedy approach in the 300-horsepower, six-passenger aircraft?
Who did Brian O'Connor say for?
Who was Jacqueline Kennedy Onassis?
When had the compound served as a family's _ and a nation's _ focal point for tragedy?
What had the compound served as in the past?
What did Kennedy obtain?
Who was his father?
Who failed the New York bar examination worked in a New York district attorney's office and got married?
Whose plane did Larrabee say as?
Who was Rory Kennedy youngest daughter of?
Whose mother was Jacqueline Kennedy Onassis?
What was private?
Who said that a mass was held for family members Saturday morning on the porch of the home of Ethel Kennedy?
Who do HYANNIS PORT _ to pray?
Who was a family spokesman?
What did he approach Martha's Vineyard in?
When did People Magazine proclaim him the ``sexiest man alive''?
What was the New York bar examination always in?
Who was his mother?
What was Kennedy not trained in?
What did undeniable confirmation that Kennedy's single-engine plane had crash into?
Who was his cousin?
What did fears grow?
Who was flying under conditions that other pilots said could be treacherous _ haze that made it hard to distinguish land from water?
What did Brian O'Connor say?
What was the ``sexiest man alive's Sept. 21,1996 wedding in?
What did Brian O'Connor say that a mass was held for family members Saturday morning on?
What was none expected for?
What appeared to be grim?
Who did he say were present?
Whose Vineyard had he reportedly planned to drop off Miss Bessette at before proceeding on with his wife to Hyannis Port?
What did he found?
What did Larrabee say a National Ocean and Atmospheric Administration in?
What did he become when he was caught by television cameras saluting the flag-draped coffin of his father?
What were dragged from the surf by beachgoers on the western tip of the nearby island of Martha's Vineyard?
What did Larrabee say research vessel equipped with sonar was to arrive in the search area early Saturday night and begin scanning the ocean floor for the missing aircraft?
What is HYANNIS PORT?
What was postponed?
Who said in a statement, ``All Kennedy's prayers and thoughts are with the families of those on board''?
When was the president the late Sen. Robert F. Kennedy assassinated like his brother?
Who kept up what it insisted was a search for survivors from John Kennedy's single-engine Piper Saratoga airplane?
What was it always in?
What had John Kennedy Jr. been in the nation's limelight for most of his life despite not unlike that of his mother?
What did Larrabee say as?
Who was the late Sen. Robert F. Kennedy assassinated in the 1960s like HYANNIS PORT's brother?
What proclaimed him the ``sexiest man alive'' in 1988?
What did not focus on the waters near Martha's Vineyard until after the luggage and debris conformed to be from the plane were spotted?
Whose Vineyard did Larrabee say FAA records indicated radar had tracked Kennedy's plane as far as?
Whose license did Kennedy obtain?
What did Guards and barricades keep hordes of tourists and reporters about for more than half a century?
Who was the late Sen. Robert F. Kennedy assassinated in the 1960s like his brother?
What did he become an enduring symbol of when he was caught by television cameras saluting the flag-draped coffin of his father?
What did the Coast Guard keep up from?
Who had been in the nation's limelight for most of his life despite a self-described love of privacy not unlike that of his mother?
Whose office did he fail in?
What were John and Carolyn Kennedy on?
What did Brian O'Connor say was somber but hopeful?
What did actual visual search of the area not focus on until after the luggage and debris conformed to be from the plane were spotted?
What had he reportedly planned to drop off Miss Bessette at before proceeding on with his wife to Hyannis Port?
Who did Brian O'Connor say were present?
What did Larrabee say FAA records indicated had tracked Kennedy's plane as far as Martha's Vineyard?
Who would have been forced to rely on his visual perception of the terrain as he approached Martha's Vineyard in the 300-horsepower, six-passenger aircraft?
What did the Kennedy plane take off from?
Where were a piece of luggage and what appeared to be airplane parts dragged from the surf by beachgoers?
Who was Ethel Kennedy?
What flew at full mast as an expression of hope inside the compound?
What was expected for that kind of trip?
Who said in a statement, ``All our prayers and thoughts are with the families of those on board''?
Who was Coast Guard Rear Adm. Richard M. Larrabee's mother?
What did press secretary Joe Lockhart say in, ``All Kennedy's prayers and thoughts are with the families of those on board''?
Who do HYANNIS PORT _ to await word from a massive search for a missing airplane carrying John F. Kennedy Jr. , his wife and sister-in-law?
What did he fail in?
What do HYANNIS PORT _ Members of the Kennedy family gathered at their summer home here Saturday to await word from?
What did he approach in the 300-horsepower, six-passenger aircraft?
Who was Brian O'Connor?
What was Kennedy flying under that other pilots said could be treacherous _ haze that made it hard to distinguish land from water?
Who did he say that a mass was held for Saturday morning on the porch of the home of Ethel Kennedy?
What did the ``sexiest man alive choose instead?
Whose plane did Larrabee say FAA records indicated as?
What did Kennedy approach in the 300-horsepower, six-passenger aircraft?
What was due to land on Martha's Vineyard at 10:30?
What did he say?
What grew that yet more sadness awaited the country's most prominent political clan?
What did an American flag fly at full mast as an expression of hope inside?
Who did he say for?
Who had not filed a flight plan?
Who said three Catholic priests were present?
What was always in front of the news media?
Who was the slain president?
What did an American flag fly at as an expression of hope inside the compound?
What had John Kennedy Jr. been in the nation's limelight for most of his life despite a self-described love of privacy not unlike?
Who chose journalism instead?
What did Larrabee say FAA records indicated radar had tracked as far as Martha's Vineyard?
Whose plane did Larrabee say FAA records indicated radar had tracked as far as Martha's Vineyard?
What did he fail worked in a New York district attorney's office and got married?
What was his Sept. 21,1996 wedding in?
What did Larrabee say indicated radar had tracked Kennedy's plane as far as Martha's Vineyard?
Who obtained Coast Guard Rear Adm. Richard M. Larrabee's private pilot's license?
When could actual visual search of the area not begin until shortly after daylight?
Who said FAA records indicated radar had tracked Kennedy's plane as far as Martha's Vineyard?
What was Kennedy flying under conditions?
What took off from the Fairfield airport at 8:30 p. m. EDT Friday?
How many Catholic priests did he say were present?
When did Brian O'Connor say that a mass was held for family members on the porch of the home of Ethel Kennedy?
What was Kennedy flying under conditions that other pilots said could be?
What had Coast Guard Rear Adm. Richard M. Larrabee reportedly planned to drop off Miss Bessette at before proceeding on with his wife to Hyannis Port?
What did an American flag fly at full mast as inside the compound?
Who reportedly had planned to drop off Miss Bessette at Martha's Vineyard before proceeding on with his wife to Hyannis Port?
Who became an enduring symbol of national grief when he was caught by television cameras saluting the flag-draped coffin of his father?
What did fears grow that yet more sadness awaited?
What did Larrabee say FAA records indicated as?
What was Kennedy flying under conditions that other pilots said?
Who kept up what the Kennedy compound insisted was a search for survivors from John Kennedy's single-engine Piper Saratoga airplane?
Who had he reportedly planned to drop off at Martha's Vineyard before proceeding on with his wife to Hyannis Port?
Who was Robert Kennedy's widow?
Who said the mood inside the Kennedy compound here was somber but hopeful?
What could not begin until shortly after daylight Saturday?
Who obtained his private pilot's license?
Who did Brian O'Connor say that a mass was held for Saturday morning on the porch of the home of Ethel Kennedy?
Who was mentioned as a potential political candidate who might carry on the legacy of his father and uncles, Robert and Edward?
Who was a flashy monthly magazine about politics?
Where do Lisa's mother live?
Who is an orthopedic surgeon?
What dispatched a C-130 cargo plane?
When was Carolyn Bessette Kennedy born on Nov. 25 after his father's election?
What did the White House say President Clinton was told about the plane's disappearance shortly after Saturday?
When did Ms. Rivers say ``It was just wonderful over there''?
Who walked toward Kennedy's plane at the airport?
Who said he watched as Kennedy walked around the outside of the plane and then went through a routine series of preflight checks?
Who was Larry Lorenzo?
What did a Kennedy wedding become in Hyannis Port?
What _ A small plane carrying John F. Kennedy Jr. , his wife, Carolyn Bessette Kennedy, and her sister disappeared late Friday off the Massachusetts coast?
Who 'res not instrument rated?
What did the major networks break into the corridors of the White House's schedules for?
Who was to be married yesterday before 275 guests?
Who is the identical twin?
What was he born on Nov. 25 weeks after?
What did Coast Guard officials refuse to speculate on?
What do Kennedy professionally _ in?
What did the man say was flying extremely low?
What did front-page news seem?
What was a quarrel with his wife _ videotaped by a stranger _ broadcast on?
When did it become clear that hopes of finding survivors were fading?
What did he say Kennedy's plane took off without?
When was he born weeks after his father's election?
What did the initial search cover a broad swath of?
Who did he say did his rev-ups in the parking space?
Who did he grow up with?
Where was a graduate of Hobart College based for several years?
Who is John F. Kennedy?
Who did John Fish say currents should not interfere with?
What seemed a minor miracle?
What was the presidential retreat in Maryland?
What are cockpit voice recorders?
Who was N. J.?
Whose Vineyard did Bailey fly to two weeks ago?
Who is Lisa's mother?
Who seemed to have settled into his work as editor of George that he started in 1995 in recent years?
What did officials insist they had not given up?
Who said he saw Kennedy and his wife about 8 p. m. Friday as they walked toward Kennedy's plane at the airport?
What did he say usually pilots take their planes down the runway?
When did Kennedy seem to have settled into his work as editor of George that he started in recent years?
Whose plane first headed south before turning toward Martha's Vineyard?
What did he say usually pilots take down the runway a bit to do their engine ``rev-ups''?
Who had worked in public relations for Calvin Klein?
What was Kennedy through it all?
What did officials say Kennedy did not make radio contact with air controllers during?
Who was born on Nov. 25 weeks after his father's election?
What covered a broad swath of the Eastern Seaboard?
What said President Clinton was told about the plane's disappearance shortly after 7 a. m. Saturday?
What did he twice fail?
Who was flying to the wedding of a cousin in Hyannis Port?
What did Kyle Bailey say took off without incident?
Whose plane did he say took off without incident?
What investigates all plane crashes?
What did he say without?
What was Kennedy piloting?
What does his instrument license allow pilots to fly in using only instruments?
Who said, ``We 're not ready to give up on this yet''?
Whose sister was Caroline Kennedy; his uncle?
Who obtained a pilot's license last year?
What meant that the pilot took responsibility for picking his route and avoiding other traffic?
Who said the plane was flying extremely low?
What was Sen. Edward Kennedy?
Who was the youngest daughter of Senator Robert F. Kennedy?
When did Kennedy seem to have settled into his work as editor of George in recent years?
What was George?
What had Ms. Bessette Kennedy worked in?
Who said currents are moderate in the area?
What operates at the Essex airport?
Who is Ms. Bessette Kennedy a year younger than?
What were found on a beach about two miles from the Martha's Vineyard estate once owned by Kennedy's mother?
What does the National Transportation Safety Board investigate?
Who was Jacqueline Kennedy Onassis?
When did Officer Henry Meyer say the fisherman reported to the police Saturday morning?
Whose plane did Kyle Bailey say toward?
Who did Bailey say watched as Kennedy walked around the outside of the plane and then went through a routine series of preflight checks?
What did the Safety Board send investigators early Saturday to?
Who was Rory Elizabeth Kennedy the youngest daughter of?
Who was to dress the hair of the bridal party before attending the wedding as a guest?
Who was known to the nation as ``John-John?''
When had the authorities recovered debris from the airplane off Martha's Vineyard?
Who declined to comment Saturday?
Whose plane did they walk toward at the airport?
Who was William Bessette?
What did New York Police Commissioner Howard Safir say the Police Department had dispatched officers to to make sure he was not there?
What did he say usually pilots take their planes down a bit to do their engine ``rev-ups''?
What did Kennedy come of personally?
Whose plane did he say without?
Whose plane did Kyle Bailey say took off without incident?
What do law enforcement authorities close off public access to the beach along Gay Head on?
Who refused to speculate on the fate of the passengers?
What did two boaters find floating off the Connecticut coast?
What did the plane mean?
What remained a mystery Saturday?
Who was Lisa's father?
Where did John Fish say currents are moderate?
Who do law enforcement authorities close off public access to the beach along on Martha's Vineyard?
When did Kennedy seem to have settled into his work as editor of George that he started in 1995?
What did Kyle Bailey say usually pilots take their planes down the runway to do their engine ``rev-ups''?
Who did the president call?
When did the Police Department act on a request from the Kennedy family?
Who is 33?
What did Kyle Bailey say Kennedy's plane took off without?
Who did the White House say was told about the plane's disappearance shortly after 7 a. m. Saturday?
What did Bailey fly to two weeks ago?
Who said the debris included part of the plane's landing gear and a prescription bottle with Carolyn Kennedy's name on it?
What was like, ` Why is he doing this here? ?
What was broadcast on television?
When did it become clear?
Who did another clue come from?
What did a white tent stand by the sea, and a flag at at the Kennedy compound in Hyannis Port?
What walked toward Kennedy's plane at the airport?
When did he say Kennedy did?
What did he say usually pilots take their planes down the runway to do their engine ``rev-ups''?
What struck Bailey as odd?
Who was Caroline Kennedy; his uncle?
What did the National Transportation Safety Board announce will conduct an investigation of the plane's disappearance?
Who said in a statement, ``All the corridors of the White House's prayers and thoughts are with the families of those on board''?
What did officials say the debris included part of on it?
What did the Safety Board later dispatch investigators to?
Whose mother is Ann Freeman, a teacher and administrator, and their stepfather, Dr. Richard Freeman?
What do NEW YORK _ disappeared late Friday off the Massachusetts coast?
What broke into their schedules for live reports from their anchors?
Who said though wind conditions were mild on Friday night, visibility in the area was poor?
Where do their mother live?
When proved to be unrelated to the Kennedy airplane?
What was flying under visual flight rules?
Who went to work for the Manhattan District Attorney's Office?
What did Kyle Bailey say without?
Who did he say usually take their planes down the runway a bit to do their engine ``rev-ups''?
Who was of the West Tisbury Police Department?
Who said currents should not interfere with searchers?
What proved to be unrelated to the Kennedy airplane?
What closed off public access to the beach along Gay Head on Martha's Vineyard?
What was a quarrel with Liz Tilberis's wife _ videotaped by a stranger _ broadcast on?
What did New York Police Commissioner Howard Safir say had dispatched officers to Kennedy's Manhattan apartment to make sure he was not there?
Who did one thing about Kennedy's routine strike as odd?
What did their father not return?
What found some debris floating off the Connecticut coast?
What did he go to work for?
Who is their mother?
What did the search continue along?
Who called several members of the Kennedy family?
Who did officials say did not file a flight plan?
What was Ms. Bessette Kennedy immediately anointed?
Who has flown from the Essex airport for 13 years?
What did word of Kennedy's disappearance touch off?
What was Larry Lorenzo the owner of?
What is Ms. Bessette Kennedy?
Where do law enforcement authorities close off public access to the beach along Gay Head?
What joined the search?
What did officials say included part of the plane's landing gear and a prescription bottle with Carolyn Kennedy's name on it?
Who said the fisherman reported to the police Saturday morning that he saw a small airplane flying several miles off shore between 9:30 p. m. and 10 p. m on Friday?
What was he known to as ``John-John?''
Who was the cousin?
What was John Fish the president of?
What first headed south before turning toward Martha's Vineyard?
Who was an architectural engineer?
What did the National Transportation Safety Board announce?
What continued along the presumed flight path of Kennedy's plane?
What was Carolyn Bessette Kennedy born on Nov. 25 weeks after?
What was Mass.?
Whose father was William Bessette?
What run deep in Boston?
What did the major networks break into their schedules for?
Who flew to Martha's Vineyard two weeks ago?
Where did a Kennedy wedding become a vigil?
What did the enduring image from the funeral come when Kennedy saluted his father's casket outside St. Matthew's Cathedral in Washington after?
What do NEW YORK _ off?
When has Kyle Bailey flown from the Essex airport?
Who 're not instrument rated?
Who was a rock formation on the southern shore of Martha's Vineyard?
What did a Kennedy wedding become a vigil in?
What came from a man who was fishing on Friday night off Squibnocket?
Who is Lauren Bessette?
What was Carolyn Bessette Kennedy's third birthday?
What was Kennedy the constant object of media attention through?
Who was crowned ``The Sexiest Man Alive,'' and ``America's Most Eligible Bachelor?''
What did Kyle Bailey say usually pilots take their planes down the runway?
What did New York Police Commissioner Howard Safir say to?
When was he born on Nov. 25 after his father's election?
Whose Office did he go to work for?
When became clear that hopes of finding survivors were fading with each passing hour?
Who was piloting the plane?
Who is her sister?
What did officials insist?
What did pilots say though wind conditions were mild on Friday night, was poor?
Whose election was Carolyn Bessette Kennedy born on Nov. 25 weeks after?
Who did Larry Lorenzo say believed Kennedy was in the process of getting his instrument license?
What did officials insist had not given up hope?
Who said Kennedy did not file a flight plan?
What does Caldwell Flight Academy operate at?
What did officials say on?
Whose Manhattan apartment did New York Police Commissioner Howard Safir say the Police Department had dispatched officers to to make sure he was not there?
Who said Kennedy did not make radio contact with air controllers during the flight?
What was Hyannis Port?
Where do Larry Lorenzo's family roots run deep?
What did officials say Kennedy did not make during the flight?
What did Larry Lorenzo say he believed in?
Who live in Connecticut?
What insisted they had not given up hope?
When did the day become clear?
What did the president call several members of?
Who said ``It was just wonderful over there last night''?
What did John Fish say should not interfere with searchers?
What did the initial search cover?
Who said usually pilots take their planes down the runway a bit to do their engine ``rev-ups''?
What did a white tent stand by at full staff billowed in the breeze at the Kennedy compound in Hyannis Port?
What did the Police Department act on early Saturday?
Who insisted they had not given up hope?
Who is Kennedy the only surviving son of?
Whose assassination did the enduring image from the funeral come when Kennedy saluted his father's casket outside St. Matthew's Cathedral in Washington after?
What was Camp David?
Who twice failed his bar examination?
What do Lisa's mother live in?
Who was the oceanographic survey ship?
What was Kyle Bailey?
Whose Vineyard had the authorities recovered debris from the airplane off by Saturday afternoon?
Who said he believed Kennedy was in the process of getting his instrument license?
Who was John Fish?
When did a woman who answered the telephone at their home decline to comment?
Who was immediately anointed a ``symbol'' of American style?
What did the plane mean that the pilot took for picking his route and avoiding other traffic?
When did the day become clear that hopes of finding survivors were fading?
Who was Hobart College?
What was Carolyn Bessette Kennedy known to as ``John-John?''
Who is 38?
What was Officer Henry Meyer of?
What do law enforcement authorities close off along Gay Head on Martha's Vineyard?
What did they insist they had not given up?
Who spent the weekend at Camp David?
What did the National Transportation Safety Board announce it will conduct an investigation of?
What did the rise and fall of his romance with the actress Daryl Hannah spill across?
What did it prove to be unrelated to?
When did the White House say President Clinton was told about the plane's disappearance shortly after 7 a. m.?
When was the enduring image from the funeral?
Who was D-Mass?
How many boaters found some debris floating off the Connecticut coast?
What did Larry Lorenzo say in?
What was postponed indefinitely?
What were the suitcase and other debris found on a beach from?
Who was then a little boy in a blue coat and shorts?
What do Larry Lorenzo's family roots run deep in?
What was a Massachusetts company that searches for sunken airplanes?
Who did Kyle Bailey say saw Kennedy and his wife about 8 p. m. Friday as they walked toward Kennedy's plane at the airport?
Whose Manhattan apartment did New York Police Commissioner Howard Safir say to?
What did Clinton say in, ``All the corridors of the White House's prayers and thoughts are with the families of those on board''?
Who joined the company about six years ago?
Who did not return a telephone call?
What did they insist?
What did he later move to?
Who was a merchandising analyst and a pilot from Cedar Grove?
What did a white tent stand by the sea, and a flag at full staff billowed in the breeze at?
What did Larry Lorenzo say he believed Kennedy was in?
What allows pilots to fly in cloudy or bad weather using only instruments?
Who later moved to a loft in TriBeCa?
Who is Ann Freeman, a teacher and administrator, and their stepfather, Dr. Richard Freeman?
What was Squibnocket?
What did they walk toward Kennedy's plane at?
Where do Kennedy professionally _?
When do NEW YORK _ A small plane carrying John F. Kennedy Jr. , his wife, Carolyn Bessette Kennedy, and her sister disappeared off the Massachusetts coast?
What do not carry flight data recorders or cockpit voice recorders?
Who is the only surviving son of John F. Kennedy?
What were searching?
What did it seem?
Who said Kennedy did his rev-ups in the parking space?
What did Ms. Rivers say ?
Who was Sen. Edward Kennedy?
What stood by the sea, and a flag at full staff billowed in the breeze at the Kennedy compound in Hyannis Port?
What does his instrument license allow pilots to fly in cloudy or bad weather using?
Who was their father?
Who was the owner of Caldwell Flight Academy?
What did Bailey say?
What did Kennedy seem to have settled into as editor of George that he started in 1995 in recent years?
Who walked around the outside of the plane?
What did they walk toward at the airport?
When did President Clinton spend at Camp David?
Whose mother was Jacqueline Kennedy Onassis?
What sent investigators early Saturday to the airport in Fairfield?
What did the Kennedy family notify?
When were wind conditions mild night?
What did the National Transportation Safety Board announce it will conduct?
What did Clinton say in, ``All our prayers and thoughts are with the families of those on board''?
What did John Fish say are moderate in the area?
What became a vigil in Hyannis Port?
What announced it will conduct an investigation of the plane's disappearance?
What were the suitcase and other debris found on about two miles from the Martha's Vineyard estate once owned by Kennedy's mother?
Who did Larry Lorenzo say he believed was in the process of getting his instrument license?
Who came of age _ personally?
What later dispatched investigators to Martha's Vineyard?
Who were in?
What do his family roots run deep in?
Who was the president of American Underwater Search and Survey?
What has Kyle Bailey flown from for 13 years?
When were wind conditions mild on Friday?
What touched off an extraordinary reaction?
When was Carolyn Bessette Kennedy born weeks after his father's election?
Who was a lawyer whom Meyer refused to identify?
What is Lisa?
Whose election was he born on Nov. 25 weeks after?
What are the ``black boxes'' that investigators use to piece together the details of jet crashes?
Who was based in Hong Kong for several years?
Who is Dr. Richard Freeman?
Who was Kennedy's mother?
When did a woman who answered the telephone at Lisa's home decline to comment?
Who was Kennedy's sister?
Who has an identical twin?
What had the authorities recovered debris from off Martha's Vineyard by Saturday afternoon?
What do their mother live in?
When was a graduate of Hobart College based in Hong Kong?
Who was the man?
What did Kyle Bailey say toward?
What did Kennedy walk around?
Who was 25?
What did a graduate of Hobart College join about six years ago?
What did Officer Henry Meyer say the fisherman reported to the police Saturday morning that he saw a small airplane flying on Friday?
Who did they insist had not given up hope?
Whose Vineyard did the Safety Board later dispatch investigators to?
What was Kennedy flying to the wedding of a cousin in?
What was Kennedy the constant object of through it all?
What is her sister?
What did John Fish say currents are moderate in?
What is Kennedy?
Whose third birthday was the enduring image from the funeral?
What did officials say Kennedy did not file?
Who grew up with his mother on Fifth Avenue?
What did Saturday prove to be unrelated to?
Whose plane did Kyle Bailey say without?
What spilled across the front pages of the tabloids?
When was it?
Who was Kyle Bailey?
Who did Kyle Bailey say usually take their planes down the runway a bit to do their engine ``rev-ups''?
Whose mother live in Connecticut?
Who said in a statement, ``All our prayers and thoughts are with the families of those on board''?
What was the Rude?
Who is a year younger than her sister?
Who did New York Police Commissioner Howard Safir say the Police Department had dispatched to Kennedy's Manhattan apartment to make sure he was not there?
Who said, ``The impression I got was maybe there was something wrong with the plane''?
Where did President Clinton spend the weekend?
Who said Kennedy's plane took off without incident?
What was American Underwater Search and Survey?
What did Kennedy then go through?
Who said the Police Department had dispatched officers to Kennedy's Manhattan apartment to make sure he was not there?
Who was Kennedy?
What did President Clinton spend the weekend at?
Who did officials say did not make radio contact with air controllers during the flight?
What were mild on Friday night?
What was Ms. Bessette?
Where was Kennedy flying to the wedding of a cousin?
What acted on a request from the Kennedy family early Saturday?
Where do his family roots run deep?
What had recovered debris from the airplane off Martha's Vineyard by Saturday afternoon?
What did Officer Henry Meyer say to?
What did Bailey say, ``The impression I got was maybe''?
Whose attention was like, ` Why is he doing this here? ?
Who then went through a routine series of preflight checks?
What did he say?
What just caught my attention '?
When wore on?
What notified the FAA?
Who did officials insist had not given up hope?
What did the major networks break into for live reports from their anchors?
What had the authorities recovered from the airplane off Martha's Vineyard by Saturday afternoon?
Who was Rory Elizabeth Kennedy?
What became clear that hopes of finding survivors were fading with each passing hour?
Who did Kennedy seem to have settled into his work as that he started in 1995 in recent years?
Who is a principal in the investment banking division at Morgan Stanley Dean Witter?
What did the man say?
What did Lisa's father not return?
What did Ms. Rivers say ``was just wonderful over there last night''?
Who is the 35th president?
Whose Vineyard estate once owned by Kennedy's mother were the suitcase and other debris found on a beach from?
Whose sister was Sen. Edward Kennedy?
What broke into the corridors of the White House's schedules for live reports from their anchors?
Who were consulted?
What did Bailey say around?
What did Kyle Bailey say usually pilots take their planes down a bit to do their engine ``rev-ups''?
What did officials say the debris included on it?
What did Bailey say can be hazardous?
What was George a flashy monthly magazine about?
What had the authorities recovered debris from the airplane off by Saturday afternoon?
What did he say took off without incident?
Who did the Safety Board later dispatch to Martha's Vineyard?
What came when Kennedy saluted his father's casket outside St. Matthew's Cathedral in Washington after his father's assassination?
What did other agencies join?
Whose father did not return a telephone call?
What was a graduate of Hobart College based in for several years?
What did the Air National Guard dispatch?
What was his third birthday?
Who professionally _ in New York City?
What does she have?
Whose family roots run deep in Boston?
Who was the constant object of media attention through it all?
Who does his instrument license allow to fly in cloudy or bad weather using only instruments?
What was Ms. Bessette Kennedy immediately anointed a ``symbol'' of?
What did it just catch '?
What did they insist had not given up hope?
Who is Kennedy?
What did officials say the debris included part of the plane's landing gear and a prescription bottle with Carolyn Kennedy's name on?
What did not arrive?
What did Kyle Bailey say usually pilots take down the runway a bit to do their engine ``rev-ups''?
Who said the route over water can be hazardous?
Who was the editor in chief of Harper's Bazaar?
Who was Liz Tilberis?
What did the White House say President Clinton was told about shortly after 7 a. m. Saturday?
What do NEW YORK _ A small plane carrying John F. Kennedy Jr. , his wife, Carolyn Bessette Kennedy, and her sister disappeared late Friday off?
What fell into the ocean?
Who 'res finding the airplane in parts?
What must a pilot try to level?
What did Carroll say physical malfunctions are?
What did Federal investigators caution Sunday?
What has intense discussion focused on Kennedy's relative inexperience in the cockpit to than the one Len Carroll 'd used for flight training?
When does the plane begin to plunge?
What did Carroll say are far less common than pilot error?
Whose relative inexperience has intense discussion focused on in the cockpit to a more powerful plane than the one he 'd used for flight training?
What has intense discussion focused on Kennedy's relative inexperience in to a more powerful plane than the one he 'd used for flight training?
What does Wolk believe as?
When did Federal investigators caution that the cause of the crash might never be determined?
Who cautioned Sunday that the search could take months?
What has focused on Kennedy's relative inexperience in the cockpit to a more powerful plane than the one Len Carroll 'd used for flight training?
When did Federal investigators caution that the search could take months?
Who said, ``It's almost like landing on pavement at that point''?
Who was operations manager at Wiggins Airport in Norwood?
What is the cockpit?
What does the depth of the water _ 25 feet to 100 feet _ where Kennedy's plane is believed to have plunged make more difficult?
What is the difficult visibility on a hazy, moonless night and Kennedy's recent upgrade?
What were the sole physical clues to the fate of John F. Kennedy Jr.'s flight?
What has intense discussion focused on Kennedy's relative inexperience in the cockpit to a more powerful plane than?
What do you 're finding in parts?
What has sometimes taken weeks in similar crashes off the Martha's Vineyard coast?
What has locating wreckages sometimes taken weeks in?
What headrest?
What was Norwood?
What begins to plunge at ever-increasing speed?
When has locating wreckages sometimes taken in similar crashes off the Martha's Vineyard coast?
Whose plane begins when one wing dips down and the plane no longer generates upward lift?
What does Wolk believe the facts suggest that airplane malfunction was as as pilot error?
What did Wolk say _ so common Kennedy's plane followed a familiar trajectory as it fell into the ocean?
Who said, ``All of these small planes have a long history of malfunction of various components''?
Who must try to level the wings?
What were the different pieces of airplane that washed ashore on Martha's Vineyard?
What did Carroll say?
Who said?
Who said physical malfunctions are far less common than pilot error?
Who believes the facts suggest that airplane malfunction was as likely a potential cause of the crash as pilot error?
When wore on?
What did Wolk say _ so common that air crash investigators have given it the macabre name graveyard spiral Kennedy's plane followed as it fell into the ocean?
Who was Mass.?
Who cautioned Sunday that the cause of the crash might never be determined?
Who must try to reduce speed?
What has intense discussion focused on in the cockpit to a more powerful plane than the one Len Carroll 'd used for flight training?
What did experts in airplane crashes say are enough to confirm a much-feared fact: that a plane could not have survived such a crash intact?
What makes a search more difficult?
Who said, ``Mechanical things do not happen a lot''?
What did Wolk say Kennedy's plane followed a familiar trajectory as it fell into the ocean?
What did it fall into?
What did a familiar trajectory fall into?
Who must try to lift the nose back above the horizon?
What does Wolk believe the facts suggest as?
When did Kennedy's plane disappear?
Who did that not stop from speculating over what could have gone wrong?
Whose relative inexperience has intense discussion focused on in the cockpit to a more powerful plane than the one Len Carroll 'd used for flight training?
Who said, ``Kennedy's plane's almost like landing on pavement at that point''?
When did Federal investigators caution Sunday that the search could take?
When must a pilot try to reduce?
What does Wolk believe the facts suggest that airplane malfunction was as likely a potential cause of the crash as?
When did it disappear?
What is hard to see objects that have sunk below 10 feet?
What has intense discussion focused on Kennedy's relative inexperience in to a more powerful plane than the one Len Carroll 'd used for flight training?
Who was Len Carroll?
What must a pilot try to lift back above the horizon?
Who was Arthur Alan Wolk?
What must a pilot try to lift the nose back above?
What did not stop amateur pilots from speculating over what could have gone wrong?
What has intense discussion focused on in the cockpit to a more powerful plane than the one he 'd used for flight training?
What begins when one wing dips down and the plane no longer generates upward lift?
What do you 're finding the airplane in?
What did Wolk say _ so common that air crash investigators have given it the macabre name graveyard spiral followed a familiar trajectory as it fell into the ocean?
What has intense discussion focused on Kennedy's relative inexperience in the cockpit to than the one he 'd used for flight training?
Who was a Philadelphia pilot and lawyer who specializes in air crash cases?
What points downward as the plane begins to plunge at ever-increasing speed?
What has focused on Kennedy's relative inexperience in the cockpit to a more powerful plane than the one he 'd used for flight training?
What did experts in airplane crashes say?
Whose plane disappeared Friday night?
What disappeared Friday night?
What does Wolk believe suggest that airplane malfunction was as likely a potential cause of the crash as pilot error?
Who hope Kennedy was familiar with at least one: the cockpit voice recording equipment that had been installed in the Saratoga by its first owner in 1997?
What disappeared?
What did Sunday's second owner sell to Kennedy through a broker in April for $300,000?
What was at 1,800 feet?
What did family friends tell the Globe they believed?
Who did its second owner sell the plane to through a broker in April for $300,000?
Whose Vineyard airport was Kennedy's plane about 10 minutes away from when everything began a sudden and steady descent at 9:39?
What did the plane then disappear from?
What would Howard Barte have begun in five more minutes?
Whose Vineyard tower would he have contacted in five more minutes?
Who had no contact with air-traffic controllers after leaving New Jersey?
What is that?
What was an hour after everything had taken off from New Jersey?
Who said ``the airport's runway lights had a plot on Warren Morningstar''?
What did a copilot's broken foot make difficult for him to operate pedals controlling the plane's rudder?
What was Kennedy's plane about 10 minutes away from the Martha's Vineyard airport when it began a sudden and steady descent at?
What did they know on?
What did family friends tell they believed Kennedy had planned to leave when he did?
What did Kennedy have after leaving New Jersey?
Who did Howard Barte say ``the airport's runway lights had a plot on''?
Who did Howard Barte say ``We had a plot on''?
Who was hobbled by a broken foot?
Who see something like this?
Who came within 17 miles west of Martha's Vineyard, and then in the last few minutes he seemed to descend rather steeply for that airplane?
What did _ shake as his plane lifted off two other pilots familiar with Kennedy's flight experience _ fewer than 100 hours of time alone?
What did investigators say Sunday that the air controllers at the Martha's Vineyard airport did not realize?
Whose plane lifted off?
Who was Sunday's second owner?
Who chose not to file an official flight plan?
When had searchers found a wheel strut and a piece of canvas luggage with one of Lauren Bissette's business cards attached?
Who sees something like this?
Who said, ``Sunday was an easy on-off switch''?
When had they found a wheel strut and a piece of canvas luggage with one of Lauren Bissette's business cards attached?
What then disappeared from all radar screens?
Who said it was not unusual for a pilot to fly without filing a plan?
Who did he come within 17 miles west of Martha's Vineyard, and then in the last few minutes seemed to descend rather steeply for that airplane?
What did Kennedy fly at flying east under visual flight rules?
Who did Howard Barte say ``had a plot on him''?
What were a standard altitude for a plane?
Who was N. J.?
Who eased himself into the left pilot's seat?
What were visual flight rules?
What did everything go smoothly for?
What had Kennedy not mastered all the intricacies of?
What quoted a friend as saying?
Who said ``We had a plot on him''?
What did Kennedy fly at 5,500 feet flying east under?
What worked perfectly?
What did only a few stars emerge through?
What has seen it since?
Who limped to the flight line of a small airport in Fairfield to inspect his Piper Saratoga HP airplane just after dusk on Friday?
What a copilot to operate?
What was Kennedy's plane about 10 minutes away from when everything began a sudden and steady descent at 9:39?
Whose plane was about 10 minutes away from the Martha's Vineyard airport when it began a sudden and steady descent at 9:39?
What did Warren Morningstar say was not unusual for a pilot to fly without filing a plan?
When would he have begun his descent?
What did we lose?
What glowed in the night sky?
Whose plane was about 10 minutes away from the Martha's Vineyard airport when everything began a sudden and steady descent at 9:39?
What would he have contacted in five more minutes?
Who did Warren Morningstar say for?
Who would have begun Martha's descent in five more minutes?
What knew that Kennedy was learning to fly the Saratoga by instruments alone?
Who did Kennedy ease into the left pilot's seat?
What shook their heads as his plane lifted off two other pilots familiar with Kennedy's flight experience _ fewer than 100 hours of time alone?
When was 9:39?
Who said, ``It was just over the last couple of minutes of the flight that this happened''?
Who had not mastered all the intricacies of the plane's equipment?
What were procedures that govern pilots who are qualified only to fly by what 5,500 feet can see?
What did family friends tell the Globe believed Kennedy had planned to leave when he did?
What indicate a normal flight until the plane's sudden drop?
Who was Lauren Bessette?
What made it difficult for him to operate pedals controlling the plane's rudder?
Who was Kennedy's older sister?
When Howard Barte see something like this, what do you have to ask: Was there?
What was about 10 minutes away from the Martha's Vineyard airport when everything began a sudden and steady descent at 9:39?
What did they know by?
What do Howard Barte see?
Who hope he was familiar with at least one: the cockpit voice recording equipment that had been installed in the Saratoga by its first owner in 1997?
When did _ shake their heads as his plane lifted off two other pilots familiar with Kennedy's flight experience _ alone?
Who lost contact?
What has no one seen since?
When would Howard Barte have contacted the Martha's Vineyard tower?
What did the plane drop over the next 29 seconds?
What do investigators do know seemed routine until the very end?
Whose Vineyard airport was Kennedy's plane about 10 minutes away from when it began a sudden and steady descent at 9:39?
What did the powerful single-engine plane roar down?
Who recovered bits of the aircraft's fuselage and interior?
Whose plane did investigators say Sunday that the air controllers at the Martha's Vineyard airport did not realize?
What was Fairfield?
Whose broken foot made it difficult for him to operate pedals controlling the plane's rudder?
Whose plane disappeared?
What did Howard Barte say ``had a plot on Warren Morningstar''?
Who had found a wheel strut and a piece of canvas luggage with one of Lauren Bissette's business cards attached on Saturday?
When you see something like this, what do you have to ask: Was there?
What is all?
Who do know the flight seemed routine until the very end?
What were procedures that govern pilots who are qualified only to fly by what they can see?
Who knew that he was not yet qualified to do it on a solo flight?
Who was Warren Morningstar?
What may not be known until _ or unless _ the aircraft is recovered?
How many feet did the plane drop over the next 29 seconds?
Who told the Globe they believed Kennedy had planned to leave when he did?
What did he come within 17 miles west of Martha's Vineyard, and then in the last few minutes he seemed to descend rather steeply for?
What were 5,500 feet?
When would he have contacted the Martha's Vineyard tower?
What did Kennedy's wife, Carolyn Bessette Kennedy, and her older sister climb aboard?
When did John F. Kennedy Jr. limp to the flight line of a small airport in Fairfield to inspect his Piper Saratoga HP airplane?
Where did John F. Kennedy Jr. limp to inspect his Piper Saratoga HP airplane just after dusk on Friday?
What had they found a wheel strut and a piece of canvas luggage with on Saturday?
Whose union local president in Rhode Island was Howard Barte?
Who did family friends tell the Globe they believed had planned to leave when he did?
Who did Howard Barte come within 17 miles west of Martha's Vineyard, and then in the last few minutes seemed to descend rather steeply for that airplane?
What did Howard Barte come within 17 miles west of Martha's Vineyard, and then in the last few minutes he seemed to descend rather steeply for?
What would he have begun in five more minutes?
What did Howard Barte say ``We had on him''?
What did a slim crescent moon glow in?
What did its second owner sell to Kennedy through a broker in April for $300,000?
Whose seat did Kennedy ease himself into?
What tracked the plane?
What did Kennedy ease himself into?
What do officials hope Kennedy was familiar with: the cockpit voice recording equipment that had been installed in the Saratoga by its first owner in 1997?
Who used it several times?
Who was satisfied with the plane's condition?
What roared down Runway 22?
Whose Vineyard tower would Howard Barte have contacted in five more minutes?
What did searchers recover bits of?
Who was Howard Barte?
What was John F. Kennedy Jr. hobbled by?
What did its second owner sell the plane to Kennedy through a broker in April for?
How many other pilots familiar with Kennedy's flight experience did _ shake their heads as his plane lifted off _ fewer than 100 hours of time alone?
Who did Sunday's second owner sell the plane to Kennedy through in April for $300,000?
What were dimmed?
Who did _ shake their heads as his plane lifted off _ fewer than 100 hours of time alone?
What did the instruments come to?
When must an approaching pilot tune his or her radio in five seconds, or seven times in seven seconds to reach their maximum wattage?
Whose wife, Carolyn Bessette Kennedy, and her older sister climbed aboard the six-seat plane?
What had Kennedy not mastered?
Who do officials hope was familiar with at least one: the cockpit voice recording equipment that had been installed in the Saratoga by its first owner in 1997?
What do officials hope he was familiar with: the cockpit voice recording equipment that had been installed in the Saratoga by its first owner in 1997?
What do investigators do know until?
Who said no one was not unusual for a pilot to fly without filing a plan?
Who flew at 5,500 feet flying east under visual flight rules?
What is the insurance policy?
Who said Sunday that the air controllers at the Martha's Vineyard airport did not realize that Kennedy's plane was overdue until sometime Saturday morning?
What did he come within 17 miles west of Martha's Vineyard, and then in the last few minutes for?
What do officials hope with?
Whose plane did investigators say Sunday?
When worked perfectly?
Who to operate pedals controlling the plane's rudder?
Who cruised eastward?
When did Sunday's second owner sell the plane to Kennedy through a broker for $300,000?
When did _ shake their heads as his plane lifted off two other pilots familiar with Kennedy's flight experience _ fewer than 100 hours alone?
When must an approaching pilot tune his or her radio to the tower frequency and click the microphone five times?
What had searchers found with one of Lauren Bissette's business cards attached on Saturday?
What knew his precise route _ or that he was piloting the airplane?
What did investigators say Sunday?
Who was her older sister?
What knew that he was not yet qualified to do it on a solo flight?
Who said, ``the last hit was just over the last couple of minutes of the flight that this happened''?
What would Howard Barte have contacted in five more minutes?
What dropped 700 feet over the next 29 seconds?
Who knew that Kennedy was learning to fly the Saratoga by instruments alone?
When did the plane drop 700 feet?
When did investigators say Sunday that the air controllers at the Martha's Vineyard airport did not realize that Kennedy's plane was overdue until sometime?
What had searchers found a wheel strut and a piece of canvas luggage with on Saturday?
What do officials hope Kennedy was familiar with at least one:?
What did searchers recover?
What lifted off?
What did Kennedy choose not to file?
When you see something like this, who has to ask: Was there something wrong with the plane, or with the pilot?
What did radar stations along the southern New England coast track?
Who was a private pilot and spokesman for the Aircraft Owners and Pilots Association?
What did Howard Barte come within 17 miles west of Martha's Vineyard, and then in the last few minutes for?
Whose older sister was Lauren Bessette?
What was about 10 minutes away from the Martha's Vineyard airport when it began a sudden and steady descent at 9:39?
Who climbed aboard the six-seat plane?
Whose descent would Howard Barte have begun in five more minutes?
What lost contact?
Who used Sunday several times?
Who did Howard Barte say ``on''?
When did investigators say that the air controllers at the Martha's Vineyard airport did not realize that Kennedy's plane was overdue until sometime Saturday morning?
Who said?
What did the powerful single-engine plane climb into?
Who flew through gathering darkness?
What turned?
What do the radar tapes from the FAA facility used to guide planes in and out of T. F. Green Airport airspace in Rhode Island indicate a normal flight until?
Who would have contacted the Martha's Vineyard tower in five more minutes?
What do investigators do know the flight seemed routine until?
What knew Kennedy's precise route _ or that he was piloting the airplane?
What had they found with one of Lauren Bissette's business cards attached on Saturday?
Who did the Associated Press quote as saying?
What did John F. Kennedy Jr. limp to the flight line of a small airport in Fairfield to inspect just after dusk on Friday?
What did Howard Barte say ``the airport's runway lights had on Warren Morningstar''?
What did his broken foot make difficult for him to operate pedals controlling the plane's rudder?
How many feet were a standard altitude for a plane?
What had found a wheel strut and a piece of canvas luggage with one of Lauren Bissette's business cards attached on Saturday?
When was not normal?
What did family friends tell the Globe?
What did it then disappear from?
Who sold the plane to Kennedy through a broker in April for $300,000?
Who was Munir Hussein?
Who did Warren Morningstar say it was not unusual for?
What him to operate?
What climbed into the hazy evening sky?
Who was scheduled to leave at 10 p. m. Friday?
What did his wife, Carolyn Bessette Kennedy, and her older sister climb aboard?
How many stars emerged through the haze?
How many hours of time did _ shake their heads as his plane lifted off two other pilots familiar with Kennedy's flight experience _ alone?
Who said, ``It was an easy on-off switch''?
What came to life?
What do officials hope he was familiar with at least one:?
What was Kennedy's plane about 10 minutes away from the Martha's Vineyard airport when everything began a sudden and steady descent at?
What was the last hit at?
Who did Sunday's second owner sell the plane to through a broker in April for $300,000?
Who was its second owner?
Who would have begun his descent in five more minutes?
Who was the controller's union local president in Rhode Island?
When would Howard Barte have begun Martha's descent?
What has seen the plane since?
What do you see?
What did John F. Kennedy Jr. limp to to inspect his Piper Saratoga HP airplane just after dusk on Friday?
What is an air traffic control document?
Who did family friends tell the Globe believed Kennedy had planned to leave when he did?
When Howard Barte see something like this, who has to ask: Was there something wrong with the plane, or with the pilot?
What emerged through the haze?
What went smoothly for most of Kennedy's flight?
Who did Warren Morningstar say no one was not unusual for?
What did Sunday's second owner sell the plane to Kennedy through a broker in April for?
What was Kennedy satisfied with?
What was Kennedy's plane about 10 minutes away from when it began a sudden and steady descent at 9:39?
Who did its second owner sell the plane to Kennedy through in April for $300,000?
What did the airport's runway lights lose?
When did Kennedy tell a business associate in Canada last Monday in fact?
What was an hour after it had taken off from New Jersey?
When did its second owner sell the plane to Kennedy through a broker for $300,000?
What did he check with?
What was the first search vessel launched at about 4:30 a. m. has declined to comment on the investigation and the response time?
What dropped from 2,500 to 1,800 feet during the next 29 seconds?
What did Coast Guard Rear Admiral Richard Larrabbee say this is not the result?
Who headed north at an altitude of 5,600 feet along the Connecticut coast?
Who said, ``family friends and associates are doing as they always do: getting through this and dealing with it''?
When will not know for some time?
What did Budd say he talked to?
When was a search not initiated until after a Kennedy family friend called the Coast Guard at Woods Hole at about 2:15 a. m.?
What was the manual voice recorder?
Who did Budd say talked to an operator at the Bridgeport station?
What was a voice recorder unclear?
Who immediately dispatched the Rude that is equipped with sonar capable of creating detailed images of objects beneath the surface?
What does Coast Guard searchers turned up only bits of they believe came from Kennedy's single-engine airplane?
Who was of Sharon?
What did George Mackie say Sunday that Budd's call should have triggered a search by?
What did Budd say to?
When did would-be wedding guests begin trickling into Barnstable Municipal Airport in Hyannis to catch flights home?
What did Coast Guard Rear Admiral Richard Larrabbee say this is not Coast Guard officials were hoping for?
Who said talk of survivors had been replaced by discussions of memorial services?
What did Budd say with?
Whose Vineyard Airport means Martha was about 10 or 11 miles?
What did Coast Guard Rear Admiral Richard Larrabbee say is not the result Coast Guard officials were hoping for?
What do _ at 9:40:29 p. m. _ the plane disappeared from after that point?
What did he say the objects were in to 80 feet of water?
What were prompted by the actions Friday night of Adam Budd?
What grew increasingly somber at the Kennedy family's Hyannis Port compound even before Larrabee's announcement?
What is well-known to area pilots?
What was an FAA-run facility?
What did Coast Guard Rear Admiral Richard Larrabbee say this is not we were hoping for?
What means he was about 10 or 11 miles?
Who strongly cautioned that the targets ``do not in any way represent an aircraft or any parts of it?''
What would the voice recorder capture to Coast Guard's passengers?
Who was the youngest daughter of RFK?
What did he say in?
What were found along a mile-long stretch of beach by Aquinnah?
Who said he talked to an operator at the Bridgeport station?
Who did Larrabbee say the beacon signal appeared to have been a false alarm had placed in the water to keep track of areas already searched?
What do _ at 9:40:29 p. m. _ the plane disappeared from radar after?
Who calls Kennedy?
What was the first search vessel launched at The FAA has declined to comment on the investigation and the response time?
Who said: ``He just did not want to talk to me the operator was unresponsive''?
What would the recorder yield?
Who then began his descent toward Martha's Vineyard?
Who was Robert Shrum?
What said?
What did the plane drop from 2,500 to during the next 29 seconds?
What did federal safety investigators say a rare feature aboard Kennedy's small plane _ _ might provide clues to the Friday night crash?
Who was Budd of?
What did questions arise had proper procedures been followed when a Martha's Vineyard Airport employee tried to alert authorities that the flight was overdue?
Who was a friend and adviser of Edward Kennedy?
Who said the telephone inquiry usually consists of contacting small airports in the area in Virginia?
When do not know, ``At this point''?
What might have begun five hours earlier?
Who said, ``I told him the tail number''?
Who was a ramp attendent at the Martha's Vineyard Airport?
What is this not that we were looking for?
Who held a wine chalice while one of the priests distributed Communion wafers?
Who was her sister?
Who were hoping that Kennedy turned on the recorder before he taxied out to takeoff?
What was a search not initiated until after a Kennedy family friend called the Coast Guard at Woods Hole at Saturday?
What was launched at about 4:30 a. m. The FAA has declined to comment on the investigation and the response time?
What would capture any radio transmissions and possibly some of Kennedy's utterances to Coast Guard's passengers?
What did an official with the NTSB say a review of radio traffic showed from?
What is this not the result?
What was in pieces ranging from 2 to 10 inches in diameter?
What did the mood grow increasingly somber at even before Larrabee's announcement?
Who passed over Westerly at 9:26 p. m.?
What came as an announcement by Coast Guard officials that the intensive, multiagency mission had shifted from ``search and rescue'' to search and recovery?
What were black boxes?
Whose single-engine airplane does Coast Guard searchers turned up only bits of a headrest and foam insulation from?
What did Robert Pearce say the plane took off at 8:38 p. m. from at Essex County Airport in Fairfield?
What did a friend of the Kennedy family say had been replaced by discussions of memorial services?
Who did the Coast Guard immediately dispatch that is equipped with sonar capable of creating detailed images of objects beneath the surface?
Who was an NTSB regional director who is heading the Kennedy investigation?
Whose six-seat Piper Saratoga II HP did not have black boxes?
Who distributed Communion wafers?
What did have a manual voice recorder?
Who said Sunday inside the compound at Hyannis Port, the Kennedys had no illusions about the news from Martha's Vineyard?
Who said this is not the result we were hoping for?
What has Kennedy not filed?
When did NTSB officials give the most complete account?
Who did Budd say then telephoned Bridgeport Automated Flight Service Station in Connecticut where pilots sometimes file their flight plans?
Who began trickling into Barnstable Municipal Airport in Hyannis Sunday to catch flights home?
Who does Martha's Vineyard Airport mean was about 10 or 11 miles?
What does someone tell us?
When did the chairman of the NTSB caution that the investigation into the crash would take at an afternoon press briefing?
What was the first search vessel launched at about 4:30 a. m. on?
What does someone tell Kennedy?
What was it unclear?
What did Robert Pearce say took off at 8:38 p. m. from Runway 22 at Essex County Airport in Fairfield?
What did Robert Pearce head north at?
How many priests clad in white at the Kennedy family's Hyannis Port compound celebrated Mass under a white tent?
What did Robert Pearce pass over Westerly at?
Whose Vineyard did Robert Pearce then begin his descent toward?
What did George Mackie say Sunday by?
Who said divers from the Massachusetts State Police would begin work Monday investigating two ``potential targets'' identified by sophisticated sonar as unusual objects on the ocean floor?
How many months did the chairman of the NTSB caution that the investigation into the crash would take at an afternoon press briefing?
Who were the insulation found along a mile-long stretch of beach by?
Whose call did George Mackie say Sunday by?
Who has not filed a flight plan?
Whose plane did have a manual voice recorder?
Who were questions about the response time of the search effort prompted by the actions Friday night of?
Who was Ethel Kennedy?
What does the FAA oversee?
What was he told there was no sign of?
What did a friend of the Kennedy family say talk of survivors had been replaced by?
Who was Adam Budd?
What did he pass over at 9:26 p. m.?
What did Robert Pearce pass over at 9:26 p. m.?
What did Coast Guard officials say were unrelated?
What was Adam Budd told?
What do _ at 9:40:29 p. m. _ from after that point?
What did federal safety investigators say a rare feature aboard Kennedy's small plane _ a voice recorder _ might provide clues to?
What did he then begin his descent toward?
What was Rory Kennedy the youngest daughter of?
What left the factory?
Who said the objects were in 60 feet to 80 feet of water?
What does Martha's Vineyard Airport mean?
Whose passengers would the voice recorder capture any radio transmissions and possibly some of Kennedy's utterances to?
Who cautioned that the cause might remain elusive at an afternoon press briefing?
Who also served consecrated wine to the dozen or so people who attended the service?
Who was Robert Shrum a friend and adviser of?
What did Robert Pearce say the plane took off at from Runway 22 at Essex County Airport in Fairfield?
What were investigators hoping on?
Who said hope had dimmed by Saturday evening?
What also was said to be unrelated to the Kennedy search?
What did Kennedy taxi out to?
Who was told there was no sign of the plane?
Who said, ``They are doing as they always do: getting through this and dealing with it''?
What were investigators hoping that it might capture?
What does Martha's Vineyard Airport mean he was?
What did family friends and associates say Sunday inside, the Kennedys had no illusions about the news from Martha's Vineyard?
What did he say were in 60 feet to 80 feet of water?
Who cautioned that the investigation into the crash would take six to nine months at an afternoon press briefing?
What did Budd say he waited with a couple and their young daughter for to arrive?
What did Budd say?
What did the Coast Guard immediately dispatch the Rude that is equipped with?
What was Budd?
Who did Coast Guard Rear Admiral Richard Larrabbee say this is not the result were hoping for?
What was unclear whether the recorder would yield much information?
What did investigators find on Saturday?
Who does someone call?
What said had been intended for 275 guests invited to the wedding of Rory Kennedy?
What did family friends and associates say Sunday inside the compound at Hyannis Port, the Kennedys had?
Who tells Kennedy an airplane is late?
What did a friend of the Kennedy family say had dimmed by Saturday evening?
Who said there is even a possibility we will never know?
What did federal safety investigators say a rare feature aboard Kennedy's small plane _ a voice recorder to?
What was not initiated until after a Kennedy family friend called the Coast Guard at Woods Hole at about 2:15 a. m. Saturday?
What picked up the plane at 2,500 feet, 17 or 18 miles west of Martha's Vineyard Airport off the island's coast at 9:40 p. m.?
What did he strongly caution?''
Who said his precise rate of descent was not clear?
When did family friends and associates say inside the compound at Hyannis Port, the Kennedys had no illusions about the news from Martha's Vineyard?
What did Robert Pearce then begin toward Martha's Vineyard?
What did questions arise whether search and rescue operations might have begun five hours earlier?
Who said, ``I 've spent some very painful moments with the families tonight''?
Who was not required to file a flight plan?
When will we not know?
Who does someone tell an airplane is late?
What did Larrabbee say the beacon signal appeared to have been the Coast Guard had placed in the water to keep track of areas already searched?
What did one of the priests distribute?
When will some very painful moments with the families not know?
Where did Robert Pearce say the plane took off at 8:38 p. m. from Runway 22?
Who was 21?
What did Robert Pearce say the plane took off at 8:38 p. m. from Runway 22 at?
What did the plane leave?
What did Coast Guard Rear Admiral Richard Larrabbee say the objects were in to 80 feet of water?
What did he then begin toward Martha's Vineyard?
What have so many of the family's joys and tragedies been played out at?
What did the move come as an announcement by Coast Guard officials from?
What were investigators hoping?
Who was?
What oversees the Bridgeport center?
Who said widespread reports of an oil slick near the search area Sunday were unrelated?
What did Larrabbee say divers from the Massachusetts State Police would begin work Monday investigating as unusual objects on the ocean floor?
What was Aquinnah?
What was R. I.?
What did he say the objects were in 60 feet to?
Who said he then telephoned Bridgeport Automated Flight Service Station in Connecticut where pilots sometimes file their flight plans?
What did Budd say he waited with a couple and 21's young daughter for to arrive?
Who had not done so?
What was postponed indefinitely?
What did the Coast Guard immediately dispatch the Rude with?
Who did the tent at the Kennedy compound where the Mass was say had been intended for?
Who was Long Island?
What were investigators hoping that Kennedy turned on before he taxied out to takeoff?
What was he told there was?
When did a friend of the Kennedy family say hope had dimmed evening?
Who was Rory Kennedy?
When did a friend of the Kennedy family say?
What would capture any radio transmissions and possibly some of Kennedy's utterances to his passengers?
What did George Mackie say Sunday that Budd's call should have triggered by the center?
Who was an operations supervisor at the Bridgeport station?
What did Budd say: ``He just did not want to talk to me was unresponsive''?
When did George Mackie say that Budd's call should have triggered a search by the center?
What did Larrabbee say the beacon signal appeared to have been a false alarm the Coast Guard had placed in the water to keep?
What did he head north at?
Who did Budd say: ``just did not want to talk to me the operator was unresponsive''?
Who said he waited with a couple and 21's young daughter for the Kennedy plane to arrive?
Who was an area known as Gay Head?
What did Adam Budd check with?
What does Martha's Vineyard Airport mean Martha was?
When did a friend of the Kennedy family say hope had dimmed by Saturday?
What is not the result that we were looking for?
Who was Mass.?
What means Martha was about 10 or 11 miles?
Who calls us?
What did the chairman of the NTSB caution that the investigation into the crash would take six to nine months at?
What did an official with the NTSB say from?
What did three priests clad in white at the Kennedy family's Hyannis Port compound celebrate under a white tent?
Who said Sunday that Budd's call should have triggered a search by the center?
What did the mood grow increasingly somber at the Kennedy family's Hyannis Port compound even before?
What did the plane drop from to 1,800 feet during the next 29 seconds?
Who was Ethel Kennedy the widow of?
What was Montauk?
What did Budd say he then telephoned?
What was a bureaucratic way of saying hope had ended of finding them alive?
Who did Larrabbee say would begin work Monday investigating two ``potential targets'' identified by sophisticated sonar as unusual objects on the ocean floor?
What has been identified as late?
Who was a 90-foot ship belonging to the National Oceanographic and Atmospheric Administration?
Who was Lauren Bessette?
Who always do?
Who said, ``I asked Kennedy if they had the tail number'' on a flight plan''?
Who checked with the tower?
What did NTSB Chairman James Hall say there is even?
What did Larrabbee say divers from the Massachusetts State Police would begin work Monday investigating two ``potential targets'' identified by sophisticated sonar as?
Who had planned to attend the wedding Saturday after dropping off Lauren Bessette on Martha's Vineyard?
What does Coast Guard searchers turned up only bits of a headrest and foam insulation from?
What did Coast Guard officials say?
What did the chairman of the NTSB caution at an afternoon press briefing?
What did Larrabbee say the beacon signal appeared to have been a false alarm the Coast Guard had placed in to keep track of areas already searched?
When were questions about the response time of the search effort prompted by the actions of Adam Budd?
What did Ethel Kennedy also serve consecrated to the dozen or so people who attended the service?
What did Larrabbee say appeared to have been a false alarm the Coast Guard had placed in the water to keep track of areas already searched?
What have been played out at Hyannis Port?
What would the voice recorder capture to his passengers?
Who did the move come as an announcement by that the intensive, multiagency mission had shifted from ``search and rescue'' to search and recovery?
What did Coast Guard Rear Admiral Richard Larrabbee say were in 60 feet to 80 feet of water?
Who do not know, ``At this point''?
What was Lauren Bessette?
Whose single-engine airplane does Coast Guard searchers turned up only bits of a headrest and foam insulation they believe came from?
What did a friend of the Kennedy family say by?
What did federal safety investigators say a rare feature aboard Kennedy's small plane _ a voice recorder _ might provide to the Friday night crash?
What did Larrabbee say the beacon signal appeared to have been a false alarm the Coast Guard had placed in the water to keep track of?
Who was 34?
What did Kennedy's six-seat Piper Saratoga II HP not have?
What did Coast Guard Rear Admiral Richard Larrabbee say is not the result we were hoping for?
What did federal safety investigators say _ a voice recorder _ might provide clues to the Friday night crash?
What would have had to be turned on by the pilot for it to operate?
What always do?
Who did family friends and associates say Sunday inside the compound at Hyannis Port, had no illusions about the news from Martha's Vineyard?
What was Westerly?
Who searchers turned up only bits of a headrest and foam insulation they believe came from Kennedy's single-engine airplane?
Who was George Mackie?
Who would the voice recorder have had to be turned on by to operate?
Who would the voice recorder capture any radio transmissions and possibly some of Kennedy's utterances to?
What were investigators hoping that a voice recorder might capture?
What did three priests clad in white at the Kennedy family's Hyannis Port compound celebrate Mass under?
Who said the beacon signal appeared to have been a false alarm the Coast Guard had placed in the water to keep track of areas already searched?
When did the plane drop from 2,500 to 1,800 feet?
What was Adam Budd told there was?
What did not have black boxes?
What did Robert Pearce say at?
What did federal safety investigators say to?
What is this not that Coast Guard officials were looking for?
What was a device that is mostly unheard of on all but the most recent models of private planes?
Who is the operator at the Bridgeport station's toll-free number well-known to?
What was the insulation in?
What was Adam Budd told there was no sign of?
Who said, ``I asked them if they had the tail number'' on a flight plan''?
Who gave the most complete account to date of Kennedy's fateful flight?
Who was Robert Pearce?
What were questions about the response time of the search effort prompted by Friday night of Adam Budd?
Who did Budd say waited with a couple and their young daughter for the Kennedy plane to arrive?
What did Larrabbee say the beacon signal appeared to have been a false alarm in?
What does Coast Guard searchers turned up they believe came from Kennedy's single-engine airplane?
What was the Rude?
What did he taxi out to?
What does Coast Guard searchers turned up only bits of a headrest and foam insulation they believe came from?
Who said he waited with a couple and their young daughter for the Kennedy plane to arrive?
What did Pearce say?
How many miles does Martha's Vineyard Airport mean he was?
What did Kennedy's plane have?
What was search and recovery?
What was Connecticut?
Who will not know for some time?
What were the insulation found along by Aquinnah?
What did the move come as by Coast Guard officials that the intensive, multiagency mission had shifted from ``search and rescue'' to search and recovery?
What was a bureaucratic way of saying hope had ended of finding Coast Guard officials alive?
Whose family and the family of his passengers: his wife Carolyn Bessette Kennedy and her sister did Larrabbee say in?
Who did Budd say: ``He just did not want to talk to the operator was unresponsive''?
What did Coast Guard Rear Admiral Richard Larrabbee say the objects were in 60 feet to?
Where have so many of the family's joys and tragedies been played out?
Who said a rare feature aboard Kennedy's small plane _ a voice recorder _ might provide clues to the Friday night crash?
What did Larrabbee say as?
What were devices required on all commercial planes that record cockpit conversations and radio transmissions as well as many parameters of an airplane's performance?
What did the move come as an announcement by Coast Guard officials that the intensive, multiagency mission had shifted from?
What was the first search vessel launched at about 4:30 a. m. The FAA has declined to comment on?
What did Ethel Kennedy also serve consecrated wine to?
Whose Vineyard Airport means he was about 10 or 11 miles?
How many miles does Martha's Vineyard Airport mean Martha was?
What did Coast Guard Rear Admiral Richard Larrabbee say in?
Whose announcement did the mood grow increasingly somber at the Kennedy family's Hyannis Port compound even before?
Who did Budd say waited with a couple and 21's young daughter for the Kennedy plane to arrive?
What was he told?
What did family friends and associates say Sunday inside the compound at Hyannis Port, the Kennedys had no illusions about?
What turned out?
What did Mackie say usually consists of contacting small airports in the area in Virginia?
What did NTSB officials give to date of Kennedy's fateful flight?
What did Budd say he waited with for the Kennedy plane to arrive?
What did Senator Edward M. Kennedy hold while one of the priests distributed Communion wafers?
What did the chairman of the NTSB caution that the cause might remain elusive at?
What does someone tell Kennedy is late?
When did Pearce say was not clear?
Who taxied out to takeoff?
What does Coast Guard searchers turned up only bits of a headrest and foam insulation believe came from Kennedy's single-engine airplane?
What do _ at 9:40:29 p. m. _ disappeared from radar after that point?
Who tells us an airplane is late?
Who said the plane took off at 8:38 p. m. from Runway 22 at Essex County Airport in Fairfield?
What did Larrabbee say in?
What did federal safety investigators say a rare feature aboard Kennedy's small plane _ a voice recorder might provide clues to the Friday night crash?
Who celebrated Mass under a white tent?
What would yield much information?
What does someone tell us is late?
What did he pass over Westerly at?
Who did the tent at the Kennedy compound where the Mass was say for?
What assumed control of the investigation Sunday?
Whose Vineyard did he then begin his descent toward?
What did Robert Pearce then begin his descent toward?
Who said there is even a possibility some very painful moments with the families will never know?
Who does Coast Guard searchers turned up only bits of a headrest and foam insulation believe came from Kennedy's single-engine airplane?
Who was the widow of Robert F. Kennedy?
What did two radar stations at Cape Cod pick up the plane at off the island's coast at 9:40 p. m.?
What was search and recovery a bureaucratic way of saying?
Who said this is not the result Coast Guard officials were hoping for?
What _ the plane disappeared from radar after that point?
What is not the result that Coast Guard officials were looking for?
What do the first phone call _ which cited Kennedy by name _ prompted no action by?
Who do not know?
Who said, an employee of Martha's Vineyard Airport 'll just have that point wait?
What did Budd say he is also a licensed pilot who has worked for the past month as a ramp attendant at the airstrip in?
What did an employee of Martha's Vineyard Airport say ``You have to hear his tone of''?
Actually, who's on board?
What did Budd say the transcript tells in the interview?
What did he say ?
What was the guy kind of to me?
Who said, ``There was no tone of concern in the voice or anything out of the ordinary''?
What does a transcript of Budd's call add fuel to?
What was Bridgeport?
What did Adam Budd tell an unidentified FAA employee at he's?
Who did the guy make feel uncomfortable?
When was no action made at 10:05 p. m.?
Who is Kennedy's sister?
What did Budd say with?
Who might have been having a bad day or something?
Who said the transcript tells only part of the story in the interview?
Whose plane was lost on radar?
What did Budd ask if the FAA could track an airplane during?
What were happy to help me out?
What was made at 10:05 p. m. Friday?
What did Kennedy's plane presumably crash into?
Who 'ves called before?
What did Budd then call?
What did FAA officials say to?
Who said ``You have to hear his tone of voice''?
Who did Adam Budd tell at the Bridgeport Automated Flight Service Station he's?
Whose plane did Budd say?
Whose sister is Lauren Bessette?
What is the transcript obtained by?
What did Budd say in a telephone interview?
What did Budd say tells only part of the story in the interview?
What _ prompted no action by the Federal Aviation Administration?
Who did Budd say is also a licensed pilot who has worked for the past month as a ramp attendant at the airstrip in a telephone interview?
Who was kind of rude to me?
Who told an unidentified FAA employee at the Bridgeport Automated Flight Service Station John F. Kennedy Jr.'s?
What did Budd give?
Who was Brenner?
What was taken until a 2:15 a. m. Saturday phone call from Carol Ratowell?
Who were happy to help an employee of Martha's Vineyard Airport out?
What did he say ``You have to hear his tone of''?
Who was a Kennedy family friend?
Who was a senior FAA spokesman?
What was Kennedy's plane lost on?
What would have made a difference in the survival chances of Kennedy, his wife, Carolyn Bessette Kennedy, or her sister?
Who did Adam Budd tell at the Bridgeport Automated Flight Service Station John F. Kennedy Jr.'s?
What was the guy to me?
Who made an employee of Martha's Vineyard Airport feel uncomfortable?
What did Brenner say?
Who does Bridgeport also provide with weather information and notices about flight restrictions?
What adds fuel to questions about whether the FAA responded as promptly as it should have, and as quickly as its own regulations specify?
Who said the problem with the tone was Budd's?
Who did an employee of Martha's Vineyard Airport say ``have to hear his tone of voice''?
Who did FAA officials say responded appropriately to the call?
Who told an unidentified FAA employee at the Bridgeport Automated Flight Service Station he's?
Who questioned Budd repeatedly about who he was and where he was calling from?
Who was flying to Martha's Vineyard to drop off Lauren Bessette?
What did Budd say in the interview?
What did FAA officials say they responded appropriately to?
Who were happy to help me out?
What was the guy to an employee of Martha's Vineyard Airport?
Who said he was with airport operations at Martha's Vineyard, then mentioned Kennedy's name and provided two possible aircraft numbers for Kennedy's plane?
Who asked if the FAA could track an airplane during his conversation with the unidentified FAA employee?
Who did Adam Budd tell an unidentified FAA employee at the Bridgeport Automated Flight Service Station's?
Who made me feel uncomfortable?
What do the first phone call _ which cited Kennedy by name _ prompted by the Federal Aviation Administration?
What did an employee of Martha's Vineyard Airport say ?
Who said, I 'll just have 'em wait?
Who then called the FAA outpost in Bridgeport?
What did FAA officials say responded appropriately to the call?
What was Kennedy flying to to drop off Lauren Bessette?
Who said he is also a licensed pilot who has worked for the past month as a ramp attendant at the airstrip in a telephone interview?
What would have made a difference in the survival chances of Kennedy, Adam Budd's wife, Carolyn Bessette Kennedy, or her sister?
What presumably crashed into the ocean?
What is Bridgeport?
What did Brenner say was Budd's?
Who was kind of rude to an employee of Martha's Vineyard Airport?
What did an employee of Martha's Vineyard Airport say ``You have to hear''?
What was the guy kind of to an employee of Martha's Vineyard Airport?
What was no action taken until from Carol Ratowell?
What triggered a massive air and sea search?
What did Budd say the transcript tells only part of in the interview?
Who was Eliot Brenner?
Who was the guy kind of rude to?
Whose Vineyard did Budd say with?
What was it made at Friday?
Who did he say ``have to hear his tone of voice''?
Who is Lauren Bessette?
Whose Vineyard was Kennedy flying to to drop off Lauren Bessette?
Who did Budd say was with airport operations at Martha's Vineyard, then mentioned Kennedy's name and provided two possible aircraft numbers for Kennedy's plane?
Who was Carol Ratowell?
When did an employee of Martha's Vineyard Airport alert federal aviation officials?
What did he say ``You have to hear''?
Who gave his name?
Who asked if he was?
Who did Budd say he is also in a telephone interview?
What was no action made at Friday?
When was it made at 10:05 p. m.?
Whose plane presumably crashed into the ocean?
Who 've called before?
Who does not know?
What did Budd say?
Who is her sister?
What is a repository for flight plans?
What is obtained by the Globe?
Actually, what does Kennedy Jr.'s on?
What would an earlier search have made?
What was Conn.?
What did a phone call from a Kennedy family friend early Saturday morning trigger?
What is found?
What was lost on radar?
What does Bridgeport also provide pilots with?
Who was the FAA spokesman?
Whose plane did an employee of Martha's Vineyard Airport alert federal aviation officials for?
What did Budd say the transcript tells only part of the story in?
What also provides pilots with weather information and notices about flight restrictions?
What did Adam Budd tell an unidentified FAA employee at John F. Kennedy Jr.'s?
Who was no action taken until a 2:15 a. m. Saturday phone call from?
Who gave up?
Who said they responded appropriately to the call?
What did Robert Pearce say paint ``a different picture'' for investigators?
What did Kennedy top off the tank with?
What did Pearce say witnesses led investigators to believe most of the plane's maintenance records were on at the time of the crash?
Who was Caroline Kennedy Schlossberg?
When did tethered dives mean 10 divers from the Massachusetts State Police would not be as limited?
When did tethered dives mean they would not be as limited?
What do the Grasp _ arrived at Monday afternoon?
What did Capt. Jack Gallant say the divers would make as divers with oxygen tanks might be?
Who was a public information officer with the Navy?
What were not concluded in time to send divers into the 68-degree waters?
Who said that it would have been virtually impossible for Kennedy to have pulled his Piper Saratoga II HP out of such a freefall?
What did the families of the victims break in the meantime?
Who was Capt. Jack Gallant?
What did federal officials say Monday plummeted toward the Atlantic Ocean at 4,700 feet per minute in the seconds before the fatal crash that killed him?
What did tethered dives mean would not be as limited in time and depth?
Who is the 38-year-old Kennedy, Coast Guard Rear Adm. Richard Larrabee's wife, Carolyn Bessette Kennedy, 33, and her 34-year-old sister?
Whose plane did NTSB officials also confirm Monday with?
What did Pearce say witnesses led investigators to believe were on board at the time of the crash?
What was outside the TriBeCa apartment?
Who hope to honor them in death in the simple manner in which they chose to live their lives?
Who was a spokesman for the NTSB?
Who declined to characterize the plane's rapid descent as being out of control?
What _ arrived at the scene Monday afternoon?
Who did Bush say to?
What was New York outside?
What did another grieving family come to grips with in Connecticut?
Who is the 38-year-old Kennedy, his wife, Carolyn Bessette Kennedy, 33, and her 34-year-old sister?
When were dive preparations not concluded?
What did searchers recover from the crash?
What are we filled with by the loss of John and Carolyn and of Lauren Bessette?
What do we hope to honor them in in the simple manner in which they chose to live their lives?
Who was his wife and her sister?
What was read in the Bessette family hometown of Greenwich by family friend Grant Stinchfield?
Who did Bush say he sent letters of condolence to?
What was John in all our lives and in the lives of the nation and the world that first came to know him when he was a little boy?
What meant 10 divers from the Massachusetts State Police would not be as limited in time and depth?
What is the son of a former president like Kennedy?
Who is Bush the son of a former president like?
When did Clinton spend much in meetings and at a news conference with newly elected Israeli Prime Minister Ehud Barak?
Who bought the plane for a reported $300,000 only three months ago?
What came to grips with the loss of two of its members in Connecticut?
Who said there were no indications that the plane had been flown between that refueling and Friday's fatal crash?
Who are filled with unspeakable grief and sadness by the loss of John and Carolyn and of Lauren Bessette?
What was accomplishment and passion for life?
What did an annual inspection of the 1996 model plane show that the plane had logged only 622 flight hours since?
What continued to grow as neighbors and strangers gathered to pay tribute in New York where Kennedy and his wife lived?
Who said that, while Monday had been primarily ``a day of preparation,'' today's operations would be ``extensive?''
Who is Bush the son of like Kennedy?
What did searchers recover other small pieces of debris from?
What broke their silence in the meantime?
Who will be joined this morning by the USS Grasp, a Navy salvage and recovery vessel based in Little Creek?
What had Monday been primarily ``a day of''?
What was far faster than first believed?
Who was a spokesman for the Aircraft Owners and Pilots Association?
What did Bush say he sent to Caroline and Ted Kennedy?
Who do we hope to honor in death in the simple manner in which they chose to live their lives?
What do the families of the victims hope to honor them in in the simple manner in which they chose to live their lives?
What meant they would not be as limited in time and depth?
What said, ``Each of these three young people. . . was the embodiment of love''?
Who were John and Carolyn?
Who did Gallant say using?
What did Pearce say there were?
Who did tethered dives mean would not be as limited in time and depth?
What do the families of the victims hope to honor them in death in in which they chose to live their lives?
Whose powerful single-engine aircraft did federal officials say Monday plummeted toward the Atlantic Ocean at 4,700 feet per minute in the seconds before the fatal crash that killed him?
Who are expected to search the area this morning, weather permitting?
What did Clinton say for?
What did investigators decline to characterize as being out of control?
Who said Monday, ``This is a family that has endured a lot of incredible heartbreak''?
What did Kennedy buy for a reported $300,000 only three months ago?
What did Pearce say on?
Who was Ted Lopatkiewicz?
Who have reported seeing or hearing the plane anywhere along its flight path after its takeoff at 7:38 p. m. EDT?
What will several other ships from the Coast Guard and the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration join in?
How many flight hours did an annual inspection of the 1996 model plane show that the plane had logged since its manufacture?
Who last refueled the plane on July 11?
Who believe they have several promising sites within the 24-square-mile ``target area'' off the Martha's Vineyard coast?
Who also noted that the plane's magnetic compass was readjusted two days later?
What was love?
Who was Warren Morningstar?
What continued to grow as neighbors and strangers gathered to pay tribute in New York where Kennedy and newly elected Israeli Prime Minister Ehud Barak's wife lived?
What did Kennedy top off with 62 gallons?
Who was a novice pilot?
What is automatically activated every time?
Where did another grieving family come to grips with the loss of two of its members?
What were unable to find the main portion of the wreckage?
When did an annual inspection of the 1996 model plane show that the plane had logged since its manufacture?
Who did Capt. Jack Gallant say would make tethered dives as divers with oxygen tanks might be?
Who also confirmed Monday that Kennedy's plane was equipped with a relatively new voice recorder?
What did Robert Pearce say the new numbers paint?
Who spent much of the day in meetings and at a news conference with newly elected Israeli Prime Minister Ehud Barak?
What will Police divers be joined this morning by?
What is with a crew of 100 _ including 22 Navy divers?
When did Bush say, ``This is a family that has endured a lot of incredible heartbreak''?
Who said the divers would make tethered dives as divers with oxygen tanks might be?
Who said Monday that, when operating, the system is automatically activated every time the microphone key is depressed?
How many feet are Ocean depths in the search area generally?
What are investigators unable to determine?
Who failed to pinpoint the plane's underwater location?
What do we hope to honor in death in the simple manner in which they chose to live their lives?
What did NTSB officials also confirm Monday with?
Who said that the National Transportation Safety Board would have been virtually impossible for Kennedy to have pulled his Piper Saratoga II HP out of such a freefall?
What did Capt. Jack Gallant say?
What did Clinton say represented ``a moment of sadness for the United States,'' and for his own family?
What did searchers recover other small pieces of from the crash?
Who have been interviewing witnesses at the Essex County Airport in New Jersey?
When did Pearce say witnesses led investigators to believe most of the plane's maintenance records were on board?
What are the families of the victims filled with by the loss of John and Carolyn and of Lauren Bessette?
What did Pearce say witnesses led investigators to believe on?
What was the statement read in?
What did Kennedy last refuel on July 11?
Who said the recorder appears to have been the type that records the last radio transmissions made from the plane?
Who gathered to pay tribute?
When had Monday been primarily ?
Who said witnesses led investigators to believe most of the plane's maintenance records were on board at the time of the crash?
Where was the statement read?
What was unknown if Kennedy was familiar with the equipment?
What do the families of the victims hope to honor in death in the simple manner in which they chose to live their lives?
Who was the NTSB's chief investigator in the case?
Whose sister was Caroline Kennedy Schlossberg?
What also poured in from other quarters?
Who said the tragedy represented ``a moment of sadness for the United States,'' and for his own family?
Who was Robert Pearce?
What do investigators believe?
Who recovered other small pieces of debris from the crash?
When was an annual inspection of the 1996 model plane conducted?
Who did Bush say sent letters of condolence to Caroline and Ted Kennedy?
Who was N. Y.?
What did Pearce also note?
When did NTSB officials also confirm that Kennedy's plane was equipped with a relatively new voice recorder?
When will Police divers be joined by the USS Grasp, a Navy salvage and recovery vessel based in Little Creek?
Who did Pearce say led investigators to believe most of the plane's maintenance records were on board at the time of the crash?
Who were coy about characterizing the descent rate?
When did tethered dives mean?
Who was Kennedy?
What did a memorial of flowers and notes continue to grow as neighbors and strangers gathered to pay tribute in?
What did Pearce say?
What did the families of the victims break their silence in?
What did Kennedy buy the plane for only three months ago?
What did Bush say he sent letters of to Caroline and Ted Kennedy?
What is the system automatically activated?
What is the Grasp with?
What do we hope to honor them in death in in which they chose to live their lives?
Where did a memorial of flowers and notes continue to grow as neighbors and strangers gathered to pay tribute?
Who did Pearce say witnesses led to believe most of the plane's maintenance records were on board at the time of the crash?
Who is Bush like Kennedy?
Who said, ``This has been a very difficult thing for us personally''?
Who is Lauren Bessette?
Who were true soul mates?
Who did other pilots say of?
Who said using a 40-foot crane with a 200-foot depth capacity?
What will join in the operation?
When do the Grasp _ arrived at the scene?
What did Barak offer his country's ``prayers and thoughts to?''
When did Kennedy last refuel the plane?
What did another grieving family come to grips with the loss of two of its members in?
What are filled with unspeakable grief and sadness by the loss of John and Carolyn and of Lauren Bessette?
What are generally between 60 and 80 feet?
What did an annual inspection of the 1996 model plane show since?
What did the Kennedy family release?
Who was John Kennedy's sister?
Who was him?
What did NTSB officials also confirm Monday that Kennedy's plane was equipped with?
Who offered his country's ``prayers and thoughts to the Kennedy family?''
When did Clinton spend in meetings and at a news conference with newly elected Israeli Prime Minister Ehud Barak?
What released a statement?
When had been primarily ``a day of preparation''?
Who do investigators believe have several promising sites within the 24-square-mile ``target area'' off the Martha's Vineyard coast?
Who said the new numbers paint ``a different picture'' for investigators?
What are Ocean depths in the search area generally?
What do investigators believe have several promising sites within the 24-square-mile ``target area'' off the Martha's Vineyard coast?
What did he and others with the NTSB decline to characterize as being out of control?
What hope to honor them in death in the simple manner in which they chose to live their lives?
What did Pearce say appears to have been the type that records the last radio transmissions made from the plane?
Who said he sent letters of condolence to Caroline and Ted Kennedy?
What did Barak offer to the Kennedy family?''
What did Robert Pearce say?
Who might be?
Who topped off the tank with 62 gallons?
When did Ted Lopatkiewicz say that, when operating, the system is automatically activated every time the microphone key is depressed?
What showed that the plane had logged only 622 flight hours since its manufacture?
What did searchers fail to pinpoint?
What was Bridgehampton?
What did Pearce say the recorder appears to have been?
What did another grieving family come to with the loss of two of its members in Connecticut?
Who are unable to determine what type of trouble Kennedy may have had?
Who do the families of the victims hope to honor in death in the simple manner in which they chose to live their lives?
What was conducted June 28?
What did neighbors and strangers gather to pay?
How many divers from the Massachusetts State Police did tethered dives mean would not be as limited in time and depth?
What do investigators believe they have?
Who said on Wednesday he had authorized a continuation of the unusually long search?
What did Stillwell say with, the ashes are allowed to blow off the stern of the ship?
Who was John Kennedy piloting with his wife and sister-in-law aboard when it was lost in the Atlantic Friday night?
What do we go back to?
What did Captain Christopher C. Murray say in an interview in?
What was the body weighted by a cannonball for?
What did an investigator say in an interview the water temperature helped preserve?
Who said the agency will make no other comment until all memorial and funeral services are complete?
What did the ancient Greeks drop a coin in?
What is the Navy destroyer?
What did an investigator say in the water temperature helped preserve the bodies?
What did James Hall say the agency will make until all memorial and funeral services are complete?
When did a second set of divers recover the bodies?
How many degrees was the water temperature?
What was weighted by a cannonball for the ceremony?
What is tipped into the sea?
Who will use straps and cables to form slings around the pieces of plane before hoisting them on the Grasp's boom?
What are Kennedy family members making preparations for him to be buried at sea in?
What is the U. S. S. Briscoe?
What was the water temperature?
Who descended in elevator cages?
What does the family decide to hold the funeral ceremony at sea moved toward Cape Cod on Wednesday in case?
What was about 52 degrees?
Who were his sons?
When did Kennedy say at a dinner celebrating America's Cup, ``We are tied to the ocean''?
What is burial at sea?
What was the body sewn into for the ceremony?
What is the body tipped into?
What did Captain Christopher C. Murray say in an interview that Kennedy's body was in?
What was the body weighted by for the ceremony?
What was John Kennedy?
Who stood by on the ship in case one of those beneath got hurt or tangled in the wreckage?
What does the family decide to hold the funeral ceremony at sea a Navy destroyer moved toward Cape Cod on Wednesday in?
What were the divers attached to by oxygen and radio lines?
Who had intended to drop Lauren Bessette off at Martha's Vineyard, then fly on to Hyannis P ort for the Saturday wedding of his cousin?
Who was Rory Kennedy?
Who said visibility was less than eight feet?
When does the family decide to hold the funeral ceremony at sea a Navy destroyer moved toward Cape Cod in case?
Whose body did Captain Christopher C. Murray say in an interview in?
Who was the Navy's superintendent of diving?
When was Kennedy's body identified?
What does the family decide to hold a Navy destroyer moved toward Cape Cod on Wednesday in case?
Who recovered the bodies on Wednesday?
What did Paul L. Stillwell say?
Who was the director of history at the Naval Institute?
What also can be performed with a coffin?
What did Kennedy grow up before from a rich scion to a ruggedly glamorous entrepreneur?
What did Murray say in?
Who was a private educational organization?
What did I think was the right thing to do under the circumstances?
Who was Paul L. Stillwell?
Who grew up before the nation from a rich scion to a ruggedly glamorous entrepreneur?
What will divers use to form slings around the pieces of plane before hoisting them on the Grasp's boom?
What had the U. S. S. Briscoe been training in?
What is a ritual that extends back to the ancient Greeks deceased for the toll at the River Styx?
Who did Kennedy grow up before the nation from a rich scion to?
What will a candelight memorial service for Lauren Bessette be held on Saturday at?
What did Kennedy say in 1962 at, ``slings are tied to the ocean''?
Who had been training in the area?
What is to sail or to watch it?
What dropped a coin in the mouth of the?
What did Captain Christopher C. Murray say in that Kennedy's body was in the largest of several pieces of wreckage found near each other?
What decides to hold the funeral ceremony at sea a Navy destroyer moved toward Cape Cod on Wednesday in case?
What was sewn into sailcloth for the ceremony?
Who thought it was the right thing to do under the circumstances?
What seats just 350?
What can the Grasp's boom lift?
What did Murray say was less than eight feet?
Who did Clinton say on Wednesday had authorized a continuation of the unusually long search?
What did the ancient Greeks drop in the mouth of the?
Whose Vineyard had he intended to drop Lauren Bessette off at, then fly on to Hyannis P ort for the Saturday wedding of his cousin?
What were to be autopsied before being turned over to the families?
What was reported missing?
Who was his cousin?
What did Stillwell say with a cremation, the ashes are allowed to blow off?
Who was he accompanied by?
What go back to the sea?
When were Kennedy's remains located by an underwater camera checking objects detected by sonar?
Who has the unusually long search been criticized as excessive for?
Who said in an interview the water temperature helped preserve the bodies?
What did the White House say?
What believes that was wrong?
What did James Hall say will make no other comment until all memorial and funeral services are complete?
Who was accompanied by his sons?
What will the service be held at More in Manhattan's?
What did other divers stand by on the ship in case got hurt or tangled in the wreckage?
What did Clinton say on Wednesday?
Who did Stillwell say with a cremation, are allowed to blow off the stern of the ship?
What did a second set of divers recover on Wednesday?
Who was piloting a single-engine Piper Saratoga with his wife and sister-in-law aboard when it was lost in the Atlantic Friday night?
What did other divers stand by on the ship in case in?
What the National?
What do slings go back to?
What was the body sewn into sailcloth for?
What did the family decide after to hold an intimate memorial service?
What is the body put on?
What did I think it was?
What are Kennedy family members making for him to be buried at sea in a Navy ceremony?
What did an investigator say in an interview helped preserve the bodies?
Who go back to the sea?
What did James Hall say?
Who located the other two bodies then in a 45-minute dive that began just before noon?
What had he intended to drop Lauren Bessette off at, then fly on to Hyannis P ort for the Saturday wedding of his cousin?
What has been criticized as excessive for three private citizens?
Who did Kennedy grow up before the nation from to a ruggedly glamorous entrepreneur?
What did Kennedy say in 1962 at, ``We are tied to the ocean''?
Whose remains were located before dawn by an underwater camera checking objects detected by sonar?
What has provoked an outpouring of mourning and nostalgia for America's best-known political family?
What are Kennedy family members making preparations for him to be buried at in a Navy ceremony?
Who accompanied the bodies on Wednesday night to the Coast Guard station in this fishing village at the toe of Cape Cod?
What said President Clinton and Hillary Rodham Clinton will attend?
What had he intended to drop Lauren Bessette off at Martha's Vineyard, then fly on to Hyannis P ort for?
What is put on a board?
Who are Kennedy family members making preparations for to be buried at sea in a Navy ceremony?
What were Kennedy's remains located before dawn by?
Who did the White House say will attend?
What did Murray say?
Who was Martha's cousin?
Who said ``commitment at sea,'' as the ceremony is known, is typically performed for active or retired members of the service, and their dependents?
Who did Murray say made the recover in difficult conditions?
Who were attached to the Grasp by oxygen and radio lines?
Who was Captain Christopher C. Murray?
What did Paul L. Stillwell say has become more rare now that bodies can be airlifted off ships at sea?
What allow for the service to be performed for ``notable service or outstanding contributions to the United States?''
What did Murray say the divers made recover in difficult conditions?
What National Transportation Safety Board?
Who said in 1962 at a dinner celebrating America's Cup, ``We are tied to the ocean''?
What will divers use straps and cables to form slings around before hoisting them on the Grasp's boom?
How many feet did Murray say visibility was?
Who said the divers made the recover in difficult conditions?
What can lift 40 tons?
What was identified within three hours?
What does the family decide to hold the funeral ceremony at sea a Navy destroyer moved toward on Wednesday in case?
How many other bodies do Navy divers locate then in a 45-minute dive that began just before noon?
Who had he intended to drop off at Martha's Vineyard, then fly on to Hyannis P ort for the Saturday wedding of his cousin?
What did Senator Kennedy accompany the bodies on Wednesday night to?
When did Kennedy say at a dinner celebrating America's Cup, ``slings are tied to the ocean''?
When will a candelight memorial service for Lauren Bessette be held at 7 p. m. at Christ Church in Greenwich?
Who do Navy divers locate the other two bodies then in?
What do Navy divers locate then in a 45-minute dive that began just before noon?
What did Clinton say on Wednesday he had authorized a continuation of?
Who has talked continually with Kennedy family members since the plane was reported missing?
What decided after much internal debate to hold an intimate memorial service?
Who said the ocean floor was littered with rocks and boulders?
Who said the service has become more rare now that bodies can be airlifted off ships at sea?
Who said the current was strong?
Who was the chairman?
What will the service be held at a Roman Catholic Church that Kennedy's late mother attended More in?
Who thought anyone was the right thing to do under the circumstances?
What did Murray say the ocean floor was littered with?
What will be held on Saturday at 7 p. m. at Christ Church in Greenwich?
What will the intimate memorial service be closed to?
What will be held at a Roman Catholic Church that Kennedy's late mother attended More in Manhattan's?
What were located before dawn by an underwater camera checking objects detected by sonar?
How many tons can the Grasp's boom lift?
What did Murray say the divers made the recover in?
What can the service also be performed with?
Who was James Hall?
What did Clinton say on Wednesday he had authorized?
Who said in 1962 at a dinner celebrating America's Cup, ``slings are tied to the ocean''?
What did the family decide after much internal debate to hold?
Whose cousin was Rory Kennedy?
What were accidental?
Whose body was identified within three hours?
What did Murray say with?
Where had the U. S. S. Briscoe been training?
What do Navy regulations allow for?''
What did Stillwell say with a cremation, the ashes are allowed to blow off the stern of?
What did Murray say visibility was?
What will divers use straps and cables to form around the pieces of plane before hoisting them on the Grasp's boom?
What was Paul L. Stillwell?
Who said in an interview that Kennedy's body was in the largest of several pieces of wreckage found near each other?
Who has Clinton talked continually with since the plane was reported missing?
What did Murray say was littered with rocks and boulders?
When did Clinton say he had authorized a continuation of the unusually long search?
What does the stone church seat?
Who are making preparations for him to be buried at sea in a Navy ceremony?
What did Murray say was strong?
What did President Clinton and Hillary Rodham Clinton think anyone was?
What did I think?
What did the divers descend in?
What will be closed to the press?
Who said with a cremation, the ashes are allowed to blow off the stern of the ship?
What was Captain Christopher C. Murray the Navy's superintendent of?
What does anyone believe?
What did President Clinton and Hillary Rodham Clinton think?
When was Paul L. Stillwell the director at the Naval Institute?
Who was 38?
Who was John Kennedy piloting a single-engine Piper Saratoga with?
What were the divers attached to the Grasp by?
What are complete?
What did President Clinton and Hillary Rodham Clinton think was the right thing to do under the circumstances?
Who were Rep. Patrick Kennedy and Edward M. Kennedy Jr.?
Who alteres your procedure?
What do Robert Kirschner 're not thinking of?
What was used to collect a series of specimens?
What do the NTSB and Federal Aviation Administration send investigating pathologists a box of containers and bags after?
Who did the Massachusetts coroner say Thursday died instantly when their plane plunged into the ocean off the coast of Martha's Vineyard?
Who will usually perform x-rays to determine the victims ' injuries?
Who would not say whether their study yielded insight into the biggest lingering question: Why Kennedy lost control of his plane the night of July 16?
What did experts in forensic pathology say Thursday the autopsy of a pilot or a passenger in a plane crash is usually less complex than?
What yielded insight into the biggest lingering question: Why Kennedy lost control of his plane the night of July 16?
Who 're not thinking of the things?
When did experts in forensic pathology say the autopsy of a pilot or a passenger in a plane crash is usually less complex than that of a murder victim?
What do signals from the authorities in the Kennedy case _ the local district attorney and the state?
Who reported that all of all three victims died from ``multiple traumatic injuries'' after an examination that occurred sometime within a four-hour period?
Who does things differently?
What will pathologists usually perform to determine the victims ' injuries?
What send investigating pathologists a box of containers and bags after every plane crash?
What do Robert Kirschner do differently?
When did Jay Dix say?
What was the medical condition as?
What do signals from the authorities in the Kennedy case _ the local district attorney and the state coroner _ indicate?
What will the speed of the investigation, and the fact that it was performed at night, probably not affect?
What said that all the wreckage of the Piper Saratoga HP II had been brought up?
Who reported that all of them died from ``multiple traumatic injuries'' after an examination that occurred sometime within a four-hour period?
Who was chief medical examiner for several Missouri counties?
Who suffered in the moments before death, or survived in the minutes or hours after the crash?
Who said still, the autopsies in the Kennedy case were performed especially quickly?
Who would not comment further on the condition of the bodies or the details of coroner's report?
Who did Evans report after an examination that occurred sometime within a four-hour period?
When did Robert Kirschner say many jurisdictions refuse to perform autopsies?
What _ the local district attorney and the state coroner _ indicate an unusual intensity to complete the autopsy?
What continues?
What did Jay Dix say can usually be completed anywhere from 45 minutes to several hours?
Who said many jurisdictions refuse to perform autopsies at night?
Who said pathologists also follow a complex set of rules that govern the testing of a pilot for drug and alcohol use?
Whose injuries will pathologists usually perform x-rays to determine?
How many victims were probably alive when the plane hit?
What did Robert Kirschner say many jurisdictions refuse to perform at night?
What did it hit?
What did the cockpit panel hit?
What would investigators not say into?
What did autopsies depend on?
What hit the water?
Who were probably alive when the plane hit?
Who did Dix say also follow a complex set of rules that govern the testing of a pilot for drug and alcohol use?
Who was Robert Kirschner?
Who cited concern for the families?
What was Ill.?
Who were especially reluctant to give out information on Thursday?
Who do the bodies often not lead closer to the cause of the wreck?
What do you alter?
Who could determine whether the victim suffered in the moments before death, or survived in the minutes or hours after the crash?
Who said, ``You have qualified people doing it''?
What is generally known?
Who alter the Kennedy case's procedure?
Who did Kirschner say in a plane crash case, first try to determine whether a medical condition could have led the pilot to lose control?
Who said?
Who might look at the pilot's lower extremities?
What will pathologists usually perform x-rays to determine?
What contains the flight instruments?
What could a medical condition have led the pilot to lose?
What often do not lead investigators closer to the cause of the wreck?
Who 'res too deferential?
Who do signals from the authorities in the Kennedy case _ coroner _ indicate an unusual intensity to complete the autopsy?
What did investigators's study yield into the biggest lingering question: Why Kennedy lost control of his plane the night of July 16?
When probably will not affect the results?
What was such as heart disease or a brain rupture?
What could the haste in this case lead to?
What would not say whether their study yielded insight into the biggest lingering question: Why Kennedy lost control of his plane the night of July 16?
Who said deference to a family is typical and reasonable?
Who 'res not thinking of the things?
When did Jay Dix say autopsies can usually be completed anywhere from 45 minutes?
Who died instantaneously?
What did officials cite?
When could a medical examiner determine?
When did Jay Dix say autopsies can usually be completed anywhere to several hours?
How many victims died instantaneously?
What did Robert Kirschner say refuse to perform autopsies at night?
What did Evans report that all of them died from ``multiple traumatic injuries'' after?
Who 're too deferential?
What did pathologists say still, were performed especially quickly?
What did Kirschner say in a plane crash case, pathologists first try to determine?
What makes it highly unlikely that pathologists performed autopsies on Carolyn Bessette Kennedy or Lauren Bessette?
Who was a former deputy chief medical examiner for Cook County?
What did Dix say pathologists also follow a complex set of?
What did their study yield into the biggest lingering question: Why Kennedy lost control of his plane the night of July 16?
What could have led the pilot to lose control?
Who could a medical condition have led to lose control?
What could lead to questions about the investigation's thoroughness?
What do you do differently?
What depended on the circumstances of the death?
What do the NTSB and Federal Aviation Administration send investigating pathologists a box of after every plane crash?
What would they not say into?
What did Evans report that all of all three victims died from ``multiple traumatic injuries'' after?
Who do signals from the authorities in the Kennedy case _ the local district attorney and the state indicate an unusual intensity to complete the autopsy?
Who said in a plane crash case, pathologists first try to determine whether a medical condition could have led the pilot to lose control?
What did Kirschner say is typical and reasonable?
What was especially a famous family?
What might examiners look at?
What do the NTSB and Federal Aviation Administration send investigating after every plane crash?
What was Cook County?
Who was Jay Dix?
What did investigators's study yield insight into?
Whose lower extremities might examiners look at?
What did Kirschner say in, pathologists first try to determine whether a medical condition could have led the pilot to lose control?
What do you 're not thinking of?
What does the panel contain?
What did Evans report after an examination that occurred sometime within a four-hour period?
What will the speed of the investigation, and the fact that the timing of the Kennedy investigation was performed at night, probably not affect?
Who do things differently?
Who said autopsies can usually be completed anywhere from 45 minutes to several hours?
What did one source close to the probe say?
Who said, ``You just have to be careful not to be too deferential''?
What would investigators not comment further on?
What did experts in forensic pathology say Thursday is usually less complex than that of a murder victim?
What does the timing of the Kennedy investigation make highly unlikely that pathologists performed autopsies on Carolyn Bessette Kennedy or Lauren Bessette?
What was deference to a family?
What do the bodies often not lead investigators closer to?
Who said Thursday the autopsy of a pilot or a passenger in a plane crash is usually less complex than that of a murder victim?
What do Robert Kirschner alter?
What did Dix say pathologists also follow?
What did their study yield insight into?
Who did Cami Stephens of Hyannis say wanted to bid farewell to Kennedy she knew and admired?
Who plan to attend?
Who was a fledgling pilot?
What haze that night undoubtedly hampered Kennedy's vision?
What stopped at 11:20 a. m.?
Who invoked the mercies of God?
Who did Cami Stephens of Hyannis say to?
What did Rochester's voice break with as she watched the Briscoe's progress?
What deserves this?
What gripped for days by news of Kennedy's disappearance and the grim discovery of his remains from afar?
What did Vineyarders wake up to Saturday morning? '
Whose wife and sister-in-law was Kennedy?
Who did one to three members at a time cast to the ocean?
Who arrived in Woods Hole about 9:30 a. m.?
What is scheduled for 11 a. m. Friday at St. Thomas More Church in New York?
Who did a guided-missile destroyer transport to the burial site?
What was the familiar strains of Taps not heard at for a civilian?
What were recovered Wednesday afternoon?
What quintet played?
Who reportedly were discovered upside-down?
What was shielded by Coast Guard vessels?
What did Cami Stephens of Hyannis say she wanted to bid farewell to Kennedy?
Whose mother often prayed at New York?
What's like a nightmare to me?
What did the plane plunge into at speeds of more than 5,000 feet per minute?
Who presided over a brief, solemn ceremony on the deck of the USS Briscoe?
What did the mourners arrive in about 9:30 a. m.?
Who began its journey around Gay Head in choppy seas?
What do authorities believe Kennedy lost as he turned off the coast toward Martha's Vineyard in the murky night sky?
Who was N. J.?
Who did not attend the ceremony on the Briscoe's deck?
Who did Stephens say she has been at the compound in Hyannis Port?
Who did Stephens say she has been part of at the compound in Hyannis Port?
Whose wishes to be buried at sea _ did the somber service fulfil?
Who was down-to-earth _ someone who 'd get coffee up the street?
What was not heard at this non-military ceremony rarely allowed on a Navy ship for a civilian?
Who had Navy divers retrieved the bodies of by midafternoon?
Who did Cami Stephens of Hyannis say she wanted to bid farewell to Kennedy knew and admired?
What transported this to the burial site?
What was the service attended by?
What does no family's like to Cami Stephens?
Whose Vineyard was the ship?
Who pulled up anchor?
What did the crew then complete for a ceremony that lasted roughly 30 minutes?
Who had retrieved the bodies of Kennedy, his wife and Bessette by midafternoon?
What did the mourners return to Woods Hole at 3:30 p. m. Sen. Kennedy and the funeral party then proceeded to for a private reception after the service?
What was N. Y.?
What did a guided-missile destroyer transport to the burial site?
What is Greenwich?
Where is a memorial Mass for Kennedy and Carolyn Bessette scheduled for 11 a. m. Friday at St. Thomas More Church?
When had Navy divers retrieved the bodies of Kennedy, his wife and Bessette?
Who did a Roman Catholic priest and two Navy chaplains invoke the mercies of?
Whose wishes to be away from the public spotlight did the somber service fulfil?
What did Thick haze?
What is Conn.?
Where did the mourners return to Woods Hole at 3:30 p. m. Sen. Kennedy and the funeral party then proceeded for a private reception after the service?
Who does no family's like a nightmare to?
What did the mourners return to at 3:30 p. m. Sen. Kennedy and the funeral party then proceeded to Hyannis Port for a private reception after the service?
What did Navy divers lift the bodies feet from?
Who was Ethel Kennedy the widow of?
What is set for 7 p. m. Saturday at Christ Church in Greenwich?
What were laid in the choppy Atlantic Ocean in a private, closely guarded ceremony aboard a US Navy destroyer?
What did Defense Secretary William Cohen approve?
What was the crew of the Briscoe shielded by?
What was the Briscoe diverted from to become the platform for a nationally riveting funeral?
Who was her 34-year-old sister?
What then completed preparations for a ceremony that lasted roughly 30 minutes?
Who was someone who 'd say ` Hi?
What did the mourners return to Woods Hole at Sen. Kennedy and the funeral party then proceeded to Hyannis Port for a private reception after the service?
Who was Lauren Bessette?
What continued retrieving the wreckage of Kennedy's shattered aircraft?
What did Navy divers lift from the ocean floor?
What was Moshup Trail near?
When _ Kennedy's plane vanished from air-traffic control radar screens at 9:39 p. m.?
Who did Cami Stephens of Hyannis say she wanted to bid farewell to she knew and admired?
What was watched with the drama?
Whose 34-year-old sister was Lauren Bessette?
What did a Roman Catholic priest and two Navy chaplains preside over?
What did a guided-missile destroyer transport them to?
What is a memorial service for Lauren Bessette set for 7 p. m. Saturday at?
When did the plane plunge into the sea in a terrifying corkscrew spiral?
What did Stephens say she has been part of many get-togethers at?
What did Stephens say Gay Head has been part of many get-togethers at?
When did I wake up to the news? '
What did the crew then complete preparations for?
What was Fairfield?
What is not yet known?
Whose vision did Thick haze that night undoubtedly hampered?
What did four miles off the southern shore of Martha's Vineyard stop at?
What is a memorial service for Lauren Bessette set for Saturday at Christ Church in Greenwich?
What did the crew of the Briscoe ensure that privacy in?
What did he turn off?
Who watched the Briscoe return to Woods Hole?
Who were quickly transported to the Briscoe by the Coast Guard vessel Sanibel?
What did the mourners return to Woods Hole at 3:30 p. m. to after the service?
What did the Briscoe begin around Gay Head in choppy seas?
What is a memorial Mass for Kennedy and Carolyn Bessette scheduled for 11 a. m. Friday at St. Thomas More Church in?
What did the ceremony occur in night?
What moved at a processional pace past the jagged Gay Head cliffs and the beaches where bits of Kennedy's airplane were found?
What may his limited experience in piloting the high-performance Piper Saratoga also have contributed to?
Who did Defense Secretary William Cohen approve the use of?
Who did Stephens say Gay Head has been at the compound in Hyannis Port?
Who spoke at the somber service?
What did the USS Grasp continue retrieving?
What is a memorial Mass for Kennedy and Carolyn Bessette scheduled for in New York?
Who were the grieving family members?
Where did the mourners return to Woods Hole at 3:30 p. m. after the service?
Who were the mourners quickly transported to?
What did the mourners return to Woods Hole at 3:30 p. m. Sen. Kennedy and the funeral party then proceeded to Hyannis Port for a private reception after?
What did Kennedy's mother often pray at?
Who began anchor's journey around Gay Head in choppy seas?
What did the warship move at a processional pace?
Who was someone?
What was a Navy salvage ship?
What did Thick haze that night undoubtedly hampered?
Who woke up to the news Saturday morning? '
Who was Carolyn Bessette Kennedy's 34-year-old sister?
What does it's like to me?
What do about an hour into his flight _ and less than 20 miles from the Martha's Vineyard airport _ Kennedy's plane vanished from at 9:39 p. m.?
What believe Kennedy lost control of the single-engine airplane as he turned off the coast toward Martha's Vineyard in the murky night sky?
Who lifted the bodies feet from the ocean floor?
What was Rochester?
Who was his wife and sister-in-law?
Where did a guided-missile destroyer transport them?
Where did a guided-missile destroyer transport this?
Who did the mourners return to Woods Hole at 3:30 p. m. then proceeded to Hyannis Port for a private reception after the service?
Who does it's like a nightmare to?
What did Kennedy's sister and uncle speak at?
Where did the mourners arrive about 9:30 a. m.?
What was the ship?
What ensured that privacy in a strictly enforced security zone that kept the news media?
What was Martha's Vineyard?
Who said, ``Vineyarders just feel devastated''?
What did Cami Stephens of Hyannis say Gay Head wanted to bid farewell to Kennedy?
When did the warship move past the jagged Gay Head cliffs and the beaches where bits of Kennedy's airplane were found?
Who was diverted from maneuvers in the North Atlantic to become the platform for a nationally riveting funeral?
Who was near the estate?
Who was Ethel Kennedy?
What did one to three members at a time cast the ashes to?
What was Kennedy?
What was attended by dozens of Briscoe crew members outfitted in dress-white uniforms?
What was the familiar strains of Taps not heard at this non-military ceremony rarely allowed on a Navy ship for?
Who approved the use of the Briscoe?
Who was Defense Secretary William Cohen's wife and sister-in-law?
When did Vineyarders wake up to the news? '
Who was Kennedy?
Where did the mourners return at 3:30 p. m. Sen. Kennedy and the funeral party then proceeded to Hyannis Port for a private reception after the service?
What does the clergymen conducted the moving ritual of committing human remain to?
Who did the Briscoe begin its journey around?
Who was at the controls of a newly-purchased, high-performance airplane from Fairfield to Martha's Vineyard last Friday just after sunset?
Whose shattered aircraft did the USS Grasp continue retrieving the wreckage of?
Who was Pat Mutolo?
What does no family deserve?
What did Cami Stephens watch?
What was the grim discovery watched with?
Whose sister and uncle spoke at the somber service?
What did Ethel Kennedy not attend?
What plunged into the sea in a terrifying corkscrew spiral at speeds of more than 5,000 feet per minute?
What fulfilled John Kennedy Jr.'s wishes to be away from the public spotlight?
What did the crew of the Briscoe ensure in a strictly enforced security zone that kept the news media?
Who did Stephens say has been part of many get-togethers at the compound in Hyannis Port?
Who said?
What did the mourners return to Woods Hole at 3:30 p. m. Sen. Kennedy and the funeral party then proceeded to Hyannis Port for after the service?
Who said Gay Head has been part of many get-togethers at the compound in Hyannis Port?
Who said she wanted to bid farewell to Kennedy she knew and admired?
Who often prayed at New York?
Who did Stephens say Gay Head has been part of at the compound in Hyannis Port?
Who explained, ``He was down-to-earth _ someone who 'd get coffee up the street''?
Who said, ` Oh, my God? '
Who did the Briscoe begin anchor's journey around?
What did the somber service fulfil?
How many miles off the southern shore of Martha's Vineyard stopped at 11:20 a. m.?
Who did Cami Stephens of Hyannis say Gay Head wanted to bid farewell to she knew and admired?
What was Kennedy at just after sunset?
When is a memorial service for Lauren Bessette set for 7 p. m. at Christ Church in Greenwich?
What did a guided-missile destroyer transport this to?
What did Stephens say at?
Where did Kennedy's mother often pray?
What were the remains of Kennedy, 38, his wife Carolyn Bessette Kennedy, 33, and Lauren Bessette laid in the choppy Atlantic Ocean in?
What's like a nightmare to Cami Stephens?
Who do authorities believe lost control of the single-engine airplane as he turned off the coast toward Martha's Vineyard in the murky night sky?
What broke with emotion as she watched the Briscoe's progress?
Who was a vacationer from Rochester?
What did a Roman Catholic priest and two Navy chaplains invoke?
Who turned off the coast toward Martha's Vineyard in the murky night sky?
What did all along the shoreline of southwestern Martha's Vineyard, vacationers and Vineyarders, grip for days by from afar?
What did the Briscoe pull up?
What fulfilled John Kennedy Jr.'s wishes to be buried at sea _?
What did the USS Grasp continue retrieving the wreckage of?
What were you?
Who did Cami Stephens of Hyannis say Gay Head wanted to bid farewell to Kennedy knew and admired?
Who returned to Woods Hole at 3:30 p. m. Sen. Kennedy and the funeral party then proceeded to Hyannis Port for a private reception after the service?
What transported them to the burial site?
What did the mourners arrive in Woods Hole about?
How many members at a time were the grieving family members?
When were the bodies of Kennedy recovered?
Who were someone?
What cast the ashes to the ocean?
What listened as the clergymen conducted the moving ritual of committing human remains to the sea?
Whose progress did she watch?
What do authorities believe?
Who watched the Briscoe's progress?
Who were three members at a time?
Who said, ``I just feel devastated''?
Who remains to the sea?
Who was the widow of assassinated Sen. Robert F. Kennedy, and most of John Kennedy Jr.'s cousins?
Whose vision did Thick haze?
What did I wake up to Saturday morning? '
When was Kennedy at the controls of a newly-purchased, high-performance airplane from Fairfield to Martha's Vineyard last Friday?
Where did the crew of the Briscoe ensure that privacy?
What was Kennedy's airplane pinpointed within a search field early Wednesday after?
Who said she has been part of many get-togethers at the compound in Hyannis Port?
What do authorities believe Kennedy lost control of as he turned off the coast toward Martha's Vineyard in the murky night sky?
What did she watch?
Who said Gay Head wanted to bid farewell to Kennedy she knew and admired?
What were Cami Stephens?
What may also have contributed to the crash?
What was the USS Grasp?
What had Navy divers retrieved by midafternoon?
What do a generally competent pilot for Senator Edward M. Kennedy's experience level _?
Who did investigators also interview?
What did the narrative also reveal?
Who _ he had more than 300 hours of flight time?
What was recovered in about 120 feet of water seven miles off the coast of Martha's Vineyard?
Whose basic instrument flying skills and simulator work did the flight instructor state?
What did one pilot flying to Nantucket tell investigators over?
What did visual flight conditions mean that Kennedy did not technically need to have an instrument rating to continue?
What did he feel for?
Who does the report never identify?
Who was Kennedy's uncle?
What was an unspecified amount of that flight time in?
Whose failure to maintain control of the airplane during a descent over water at night was a result of spatial disorientation?
Who was Senator Edward M. Kennedy's cousin?
What did he have to use because he could not hold his altitude by observations of the horizon or the ground?
What could he not hold by observations of the horizon or the ground?
What was a result of spatial disorientation?
What does the 24-page narrative appended to the NTSB report describe Kennedy as a generally competent pilot for his experience level _?
What did the narrative also reveal that Kennedy may have violated?
Who was preparing to land when air-traffic controllers alerted the plane to an unidentified airplane nearby that was ``not talking to anybody?''
How many hours of flight time do a generally competent pilot for Senator Edward M. Kennedy's experience level _ he had?
What was the pilot's failure to maintain control of the airplane during a descent over water at night?
What does the NTSB report indicate that a review of radar data correlated with the track of Kennedy's final flight?
What had Kennedy flown at night?
What were the instructor's concerns and Kennedy's reply revealed in?
How many points above a passing grade was 78 percent?
What did the FAA tell Kennedy that visual flight conditions existed along?
What crashed?
What did the instructor state that the accident pilot replied that ` he wanted to do the day of the accident alone, ' states?
What did he complete the Federal Aviation Administration written test on?
How many hours were fewer than 10 of however?
Who stated that the accident pilot replied that ` he wanted to do the day of the accident alone, ' the report states?
What did one of John F. Kennedy Jr.'s flight instructors believe him unprepared for on a dark?
What did he say he believed at the time that Kennedy would need before he would be ready to be tested on flying by instruments alone?
Who then planned to continue on to Hyannis for the wedding of his cousin?
Whose failure to maintain control of the airplane during a descent over water at night does the report state by?
Who may have had difficulty performing additional tasks under such conditions?
What did the instructor state that the accident pilot replied that ` he wanted to do the day of the accident alone, '?
What did Senator Edward M. Kennedy return to Flight Safety International in Florida to begin in April?
Who was N. J.?
Whose flight instructors offered to fly with him on the night of Kennedy's fatal crash?
Who was Rory Kennedy?
What describes Kennedy as a generally competent pilot for his experience level _ he had more than 300 hours of flight time?
Who would be ready to be tested on flying by instruments alone?
Who flew with Kennedy in several airplanes for 39 hours, and nearly an hour in instrument conditions?
Who did one of John F. Kennedy Jr.'s flight instructors believe unprepared for a solo flight over water on a dark?
What did Senator Edward M. Kennedy need assistance with because of a broken ankle he suffered while hang gliding?
What did the pilot turn on to?
Who said he believed at the time that Kennedy would need additional training before he would be ready to be tested on flying by instruments alone?
Who returned to Flight Safety International in Florida to begin an instrument rating course in April?
What is designed to develop a student's familiarity with radio beacon navigation aids?
Who had flown his Piper Saratoga II airplane at night?
What did Senator Edward M. Kennedy need assistance with the rudder pedals because of?
Who believed him unprepared for a solo flight over water on a dark?
Whose uncle did a spokesman say had no comment on the report?
What did the pilot have to use because he could not hold his altitude by observations of the horizon or the ground?
What did Senator Edward M. Kennedy complete written test on airplane instruments?
What did he return to Flight Safety International in Florida to begin in April?
When did Senator Edward M. Kennedy return to Flight Safety International in Florida to begin an instrument rating course?
What were with instructors from New Jersey of which required the use of instruments to land?
What does the report state was caused by the pilot's failure to maintain control of the airplane during a descent over water at night?
Who was Kennedy viewed as?
When did he buy his Piper Saratoga II airplane?
Who did the FAA tell that visual flight conditions existed all along the route?
What did one of John F. Kennedy Jr.'s flight instructors believe him unprepared for a solo flight over water on?
When did he say he believed that Kennedy would need additional training before he would be ready to be tested on flying by instruments alone?
What did Kennedy handle?
What did John and Carolyn Bessette Kennedy then plan to continue on to Hyannis for?
What offers only a simple description of the accident's probable cause?
Who told investigators that his global positioning system told him he was over Martha's Vineyard?
Who did Senator Edward M. Kennedy plan to drop off at the Vineyard?
What was required?
Who were most of the flights with of which required the use of instruments to land?
Whose Vineyard did one pilot flying to Nantucket tell investigators that his global positioning system told him he was over?
What were instructors from New Jersey?
What landed safely?
What did a spokesman say Kennedy's uncle had?
What did the pilot feel for?
What did he receive?
Who did he say believed at the time that Kennedy would need additional training before he would be ready to be tested on flying by instruments alone?
What did he say he believed at the time by?
Who did a spokesman say had no comment on the report?
Whose flight instructors believed him unprepared for a solo flight over water on a dark?
What did the instructor state?
What were revealed in news stories last month?
What did he turn on to?
When do a generally competent pilot for his experience level _ he had more than 300 hours?
Who looked down?
Who is Martha?
When were fewer than 10 of them?
What did a solo flight over water fall?
What did Senator Edward M. Kennedy plan to drop off his sister-in-law at?
What did the flight instructor state?
What was based at New Jersey?
What did the pilot feel was normal for the pilot's level of experience?
When were fewer than 10 of however?
Who is his wife Carolyn, and her sister?
What was in the Saratoga?
Who was Lauren Bessette?
Where was the plane based?
What refers to the confusion that can occur when no horizon is visible and a pilot loses a sense of how the plane is headed?
Who received a score of 78 percent?
Who was Senator Edward M. Kennedy?
Who did another New Jersey flight instructor fly with in several airplanes for 39 hours, and nearly an hour in instrument conditions?
What did he need assistance with the rudder pedals because of?
Who was his cousin?
What does spatial disorientation refer to?
When were the report's basic conclusions revealed in news stories?
What do a generally competent pilot for his experience level _?
What never identifies the pilot, passengers, or persons interviewed by name?
What did Senator Edward M. Kennedy complete the Federal Aviation Administration written test on?
What were the report's basic conclusions revealed in last month?
What could the pilot not hold by observations of the horizon or the ground?
What could the pilot not hold his altitude by?
Who did the unnamed instructor tell investigators was not aware that Kennedy had ever previously flown the Saratoga without an instructor on board?
What did he state that the accident pilot replied the report states?
What was the wreckage recovered in seven miles off the coast of Martha's Vineyard?
Who were the 36 hours fewer than 10 of?
Whose uncle was Senator Edward M. Kennedy?
What did he feel multiple tasks while flying was normal for?
What did the FAA tell Kennedy along?
When did Senator Edward M. Kennedy buy his Piper Saratoga II airplane?
What did it fall?
What confirm early speculation that pilot error caused the crash?
Who bought his Piper Saratoga II airplane in April 1999?
What was the plane based at?
What required turning the autopilot off?
What concludes that Kennedy became disoriented in the hazy night over the Atlantic Ocean and lost control of his airplane?
What did the instructor tell but Kennedy responded that he ``wanted to do one of John F. Kennedy Jr. alone''?
What was found after the wreckage was recovered in about 120 feet of water seven miles off the coast of Martha's Vineyard?
What did the one selected require turning off?
What did one pilot flying to Nantucket tell investigators that his global positioning system told him over?
What did the instructor say he believed at the time that Kennedy would need before he would be ready to be tested on flying by instruments alone?
What did the instructor state that the accident pilot replied the report states?
What did he state that the accident pilot replied that ` he wanted to do it alone, ' states?
What did the pilot feel multiple tasks while flying was normal for?
What were haze?
What took him four attempts to pass that section?
What did another flight instructor who signed Kennedy off in the high-performance Saratoga say to?
Who told investigators he was not aware that Kennedy had ever previously flown the Saratoga without an instructor on board?
What did Senator Edward M. Kennedy complete the Federal Aviation Administration written on airplane instruments?
When do a generally competent pilot for Senator Edward M. Kennedy's experience level _ he had more than 300 hours?
How many feet per minute did it fall?
Who told investigators that Kennedy ``seemed competent?''
What did the instructor tell investigators?''
What states the accident was caused by the pilot's failure to maintain control of the airplane during a descent over water at night?
Who did the instructor further state to?
Who had to use his instruments because he could not hold his altitude by observations of the horizon or the ground?
What did he state?
What does the report offer only a simple description of?
What indicates that a review of radar data correlated the unknown aircraft with the track of Kennedy's final flight?
Whose level of experience did he feel multiple tasks while flying was normal for?
What does the report state the accident was caused by?
Whose Vineyard did one pilot flying to Nantucket tell investigators over?
Who turned on to a final approach?
What was the wreckage recovered in about 120 feet of water off?
Who stated that the accident pilot replied that ` he wanted to do it alone, ' the report states?
How many hours of flight time do a generally competent pilot for his experience level _ he had?
Who did he plan to drop off at the Vineyard?
Who said Kennedy's uncle had no comment on the report?
Who did the instructor tell that Kennedy ``seemed competent?''
Who did the instructor say believed at the time that Kennedy would need additional training before he would be ready to be tested on flying by instruments alone?
What were close enough that the on-board traffic collision avoidance system sounded an alert on the American Airlines plane?
Who did one pilot flying to Nantucket tell investigators that his global positioning system told he was over Martha's Vineyard?
What did Senator Edward M. Kennedy need with the rudder pedals because of a broken ankle he suffered while hang gliding?
What were the 36 hours fewer than 10 of?
What falled more than 4,700 feet per minute?
When did the instructor say?
What did the pilot near?
What also revealed that Kennedy may have violated a rule requiring all pilots to contact air traffic and get clearance before entering controlled airspace around busy airports?
Who further stated that he had talked to the pilot on the day of the accident and offered to fly with him on the accident flight?
What does the NTSB report indicate that a review of radar data correlated the unknown aircraft with?
What did one pilot flying to Nantucket tell investigators that his global positioning system told him he was over?
Who said that once or twice the airplane's autopilot turned to a heading other than the one selected and then on again?
Who felt multiple tasks while flying was normal for the pilot's level of experience?
What may the instructor have had under such conditions?
When did the instructor say he believed that Kennedy would need additional training before he would be ready to be tested on flying by instruments alone?
Who told the National Transportation Safety Board but Kennedy responded that he ``wanted to do it alone''?
What did he return to to begin an instrument rating course in April?
Who offered to fly with him on the night of Kennedy's fatal crash?
Who do a generally competent pilot for Senator Edward M. Kennedy's experience level _ had more than 300 hours of flight time?
What was hazy night?
Who did one of John F. Kennedy Jr.'s flight instructors offer to fly with on the night of Kennedy's fatal crash?
What were the 36 hours?
What did Senator Edward M. Kennedy buy in April 1999?
Whose level of experience did the pilot feel for?
Who could not hold his altitude by observations of the horizon or the ground?
What wandered into such airspace near the Westchester County Airport?
Who did one pilot flying to Nantucket tell that his global positioning system told him he was over Martha's Vineyard?
What did Senator Edward M. Kennedy receive?
What told Kennedy that visual flight conditions existed all along the route?
Who needed assistance with the rudder pedals because of a broken ankle he suffered while hang gliding?
What is him?
What does the NTSB report indicate with?
When was the dark?
What did the instructor tell but Kennedy responded that he ``wanted to do it alone''?
Who also interviewed several pilots who flew that night?
What did another New Jersey flight instructor fly with Kennedy in?
What did he feel was normal for the pilot's level of experience?
What meant that Kennedy did not technically need to have an instrument rating to continue his flight to the Vineyard?
What did he need with the rudder pedals because of a broken ankle he suffered while hang gliding?
Who were at least one?
What was Caldwell?
Who handled that feat?
Who did one pilot flying to Nantucket tell investigators that his global positioning system told him was over Martha's Vineyard?
Whose cousin was Rory Kennedy?
What did he receive a score of?
What could he not hold his altitude by?
Whose concerns and Kennedy's reply were revealed in the board's final report on the July 16 accident which was released Thursday?
What was the pilot's failure to maintain control of the airplane during a descent over water at night a result of?
Who planned to drop off his sister-in-law at the Vineyard?
Who did the unnamed instructor tell he was not aware that Kennedy had ever previously flown the Saratoga without an instructor on board?
When do a generally competent pilot for Senator Edward M. Kennedy's experience level _ he had?
Whose level of experience did the pilot feel multiple tasks while flying was normal for?
What did Kennedy's plane wander into?
What did Senator Edward M. Kennedy receive a score of?
What did he plan to drop off his sister-in-law at?
Whose plane wandered into such airspace near the Westchester County Airport?
What does the report state by?
What may the instructor have had difficulty performing additional tasks under?
Whose Vineyard did one pilot flying to Nantucket tell investigators that his global positioning system told him over?
What did he state that the accident pilot replied that ` he wanted to do it alone, '?
When do a generally competent pilot for his experience level _ he had?
What was eight points above a passing grade?
What does the report conclude in?
Whose level of experience did he feel for?
How many hours were fewer than 10 of them?
What was 78 percent?
What did he buy in April 1999?
When did one of John F. Kennedy Jr.'s flight instructors offer to fly with him?
How many feet per minute did a solo flight over water fall?
Whose failure to maintain control of the airplane during a descent over water at night does the report state the accident was caused by?
Who neared Nantucket?
Who was viewed as a pilot who could find it difficult to handle several cockpit tasks at once?
What did the instructor say he believed at the time by?
What did visual flight conditions mean that Kennedy did not technically need to have to continue his flight to the Vineyard?
What did Senator Edward M. Kennedy return to to begin an instrument rating course in April?
Who stated that the pilot's basic instrument flying skills and simulator work were excellent?
When had Kennedy flown his Piper Saratoga II airplane?
What did visual flight conditions mean?
What did he complete written test on airplane instruments?
When did he return to Flight Safety International in Florida to begin an instrument rating course?
What do the NTSB findings confirm?
What were revealed in the board's final report on the July 16 accident which was released Thursday?
Who do a generally competent pilot for his experience level _ had more than 300 hours of flight time?
Who did the unnamed instructor tell investigators without?
Who told the National Transportation Safety Board but Kennedy responded that he ``wanted to do one of John F. Kennedy Jr. alone''?
When did he say?
Whose airplane crashed?
What did he need assistance with because of a broken ankle he suffered while hang gliding?
What does the report offer?
Who was the Vineyard?
Who completed the Federal Aviation Administration written test on airplane instruments?
What did he complete the Federal Aviation Administration written on airplane instruments?
When was NEW YORK?
What did airport sources say came from members of Kennedy family?
When did searchers say the search began in an area covering some 1,000 square miles, presumably the flight path of Kennedy's plane?
Who was John F. Kennedy Jr.?
What did searchers say began Saturday morning in an area covering some 1,000 square miles, presumably the flight path of Kennedy's plane?
Who said the search began Saturday morning in an area covering some 1,000 square miles, presumably the flight path of Kennedy's plane?
What was Caldwell?
When did the plane carrying also Kennedy's wife and John F. Kennedy Jr.'s sister-in-law reportedly take off from Caldwell at 8:40 pm?
Who was son of the 35th U. S. President?
Who was an assistant district attorney in Manhattan of New York?
Who was he?
What was July 17?
Who is the founder of George magazine?
What reportedly was due to arrive at Martha's Vineyard?
What was Martha's Vineyard?
What did searchers say the search began Saturday morning in?
What did U. S. media report Saturday NEW YORK-- The U. S. Coast Guard and the Air National Guard are conducting for a small plane carrying John F. Kennedy Jr.?
Who was John F. Kennedy Jr. son of?
Whose Vineyard was Mass.?
What was Long Island?
Who was N. J.?
What reportedly took off from Caldwell at 8:40 pm Friday?
Who is 38 and living in New York?
What did U. S. media report Saturday are conducting a massive search off the coast of Long Island for a small plane carrying John F. Kennedy Jr.?
What is John F. Kennedy Jr.?
What was John F. Kennedy Jr. an assistant district attorney in Manhattan of?
Who did the plane carrying also Kennedy's wife and his sister-in-law reportedly take off from Friday?
Who said the first report about the missing of the single-engine plane came from members of Kennedy family?
Where did searchers say the search began Saturday morning?
What was Mass.?
What was he an assistant district attorney in Manhattan of?
Who did airport sources say the first report about the missing of the single-engine plane came from?
What is John F. Kennedy Jr. the founder of?
What was N. Y.?
When did the plane carrying also Kennedy's wife and his sister-in-law reportedly take off from Caldwell at 8:40 pm?
Who did the plane carrying also Kennedy's wife and John F. Kennedy Jr.'s sister-in-law reportedly take off from Friday?
What did he go to?
What did he join?
What said the Kennedy family contacted the U. S. Federal Aviation Administration when the plane was overdue?
When was Kennedy born before his father's inauguration?
What did the U. S. Coast Guard confirm was searching for the plane with help from the Air National Guard?
Who did Kennedy's father's assassination immediately thrust into the public eye with the poignant photo of the little boy saluting as his funeral procession passed?
Whose funeral procession passed?
What said the Kennedy family contacted the U. S. Federal Aviation Administration when the agency began checking airports along the route?
Whose assassination immediately thrust him into the public eye with the poignant photo of the little boy saluting as his funeral procession passed?
What did Gaspar say ?
Who was son of the former U. S. president?
What did Jamie Gaspar say was supposed to arrive Friday night, but never did?
What did Kennedy join?
What said?
When was WASHINGTON?
What was the search being conducted in water off?
Who knows him personally?
Who was John F. Kennedy Jr.?
Whose plane did Jamie Gaspar say was supposed to arrive Friday night, but never did?
Whose plane did Jamie Gaspar say?
Who is 38?
Who was Jamie Gaspar?
Who said ``I 'm a little worried''?
Who confirmed it was searching for the plane with help from the Air National Guard?
What did the U. S. Coast Guard confirm a search was searching for the plane with?
What did a source say the Kennedy family contacted when the agency began checking airports along the route?
What did his father's assassination immediately thrust him into with the poignant photo of the little boy saluting as his funeral procession passed?
What did the U. S. Coast Guard confirm it was searching for with help from the Air National Guard?
What was July 17-- A small plane carrying John F. Kennedy Jr.?
What did Kennedy's father's assassination immediately thrust him into the public eye with?
Whose inauguration was Kennedy born just two months before?
What is Kennedy?
Who entered politics unlike other family members?
Who said Kennedy's plane was supposed to arrive Friday night, but never did?
Who was born just two months before his father's inauguration?
Who is the only surviving son of the 35th president?
What did a source say the Kennedy family contacted when the plane was overdue?
Whose office did he join?
Who was John F. Kennedy Jr. son of?
Who did Kennedy enter politics unlike?
Whose office did Kennedy join?
Who did his father's assassination immediately thrust into the public eye with the poignant photo of the little boy saluting as his funeral procession passed?
How many months was Kennedy born before his father's inauguration?
Who joined the Manhattan district attorney's office?
Who was an operations specialist at Martha's Vineyard Airport?
What did a source say contacted the U. S. Federal Aviation Administration when the agency began checking airports along the route?
What did the U. S. Coast Guard confirm a search was searching for with help from the Air National Guard?
What immediately thrust him into the public eye with the poignant photo of the little boy saluting as his funeral procession passed?
What was the search being conducted in off eastern tip of Long Island?
What did the U. S. Coast Guard confirm for?
What did the U. S. Coast Guard confirm it was searching for the plane with?
Who went to law school?
Who do I know personally?
Who confirmed a search was searching for the plane with help from the Air National Guard?
Who did Gaspar say ``'m a little worried''?
What did Jamie Gaspar say?
What was Kennedy born just two months before?
What did a source say contacted the U. S. Federal Aviation Administration when the plane was overdue?
What did Kennedy go to?
What was to be married Saturday before 275 guests in a private ceremony?
What did Kennedy enter unlike other family members?
What did Kennedy's father's assassination immediately thrust him into with the poignant photo of the little boy saluting as his funeral procession passed?
Who is Kennedy?
What was being conducted in water off eastern tip of Long Island?
Who then started a search?
Who is Kennedy the only surviving son of?
What did the Coast Guard and Air National Guard then start?
What passed?
What did his father's assassination immediately thrust him into the public eye with?
Who planned to drop off his sister-in-law on the island?
What was Kennedy, 38, sister-in-law, who also were on board the plane's wife, Carolyn Bessette Kennedy, 33, and her sister Lauren Bessette?
What was Kennedy, 38, his wife, Carolyn Bessette Kennedy, 33, and her sister Lauren Bessette?
Who were on board?
Who planned to continue to sister-in-law, who also were on board the plane's cousin's wedding in Hyannis Port?
Who was Kennedy?
Whose wedding in Hyannis Port did Kennedy plan to continue to?
Who was the pilot?
What crashed while carrying Kennedy, 38, his wife, Carolyn Bessette Kennedy, 33, and her sister Lauren Bessette?
What were sister-in-law on?
Who did Kennedy plan to drop off?
What said, ``They 've got the fuselage and John Kennedy's in it''?
Who was 34?
What did Kennedy plan to continue to?
Who planned to continue to his cousin's wedding in Hyannis Port?
What was U. S. President Bill Clinton?
Who did WASHINGTON-- U. S. Kennedy family and friends pay their last respects Friday to in a New York church?
What was the sea near?
What were the ashes of the three committed to?
What did WASHINGTON-- U. S. Kennedy family and friends pay their last respects Friday to John F. Kennedy Jr in?
Who was son of the former U. S. president, his wife and her sister in a private memorial service?
When was WASHINGTON?
Who was his wife?
What was near the spot where they died?
When were the bodies recovered?
What was July 23?
Who was Hillary Rodham Clinton and daughter Chelsea?
Who was U. S. President Bill Clinton?
What was near the spot where the ashes of the three died?
Who was John F. Kennedy Jr?
Who was 34?
Who was John F. Kennedy Jr son of?
What was Kennedy, 38, his wife, 33, and her sister?
What were recovered Wednesday?
What paid their last respects Friday to John F. Kennedy Jr in a New York church?
Who were committed to the sea?
Whose piloting difficulties did it add were likely to have been caused by spatial disorientation?
What is one of the leading causes of fatal aircraft accidents?
What found no abnormalities?
What is this type of disorientation one of?
What did Killed add were likely to have been caused by spatial disorientation?
Whose piloting difficulties did Killed add were likely to have been caused by spatial disorientation?
What did investigators say with?
Who added Kennedy's piloting difficulties were likely to have been caused by spatial disorientation?
What did it add were likely to have been caused by spatial disorientation?
Who were Kennedy, 38, his wife, Carolyn Bessette Kennedy, 33, and her 34-year-old sister?
What did the report say the crash probably occurred because of at night?
Whose Piper Saratoga II did investigators say with?
Who was Carolyn Bessette Kennedy's 34-year-old sister?
Who was her 34-year-old sister?
What is this type of disorientation?
What did investigators say could not find any mechanical problems with Kennedy's Piper Saratoga II?
Whose failure to maintain control of the airplane during a descent over water did the report say the crash probably occurred because of at night?
Who was Lauren Bessette?
What was a problem when pilots lose track of the position and motion of their plane relative to the earth's surface?
What did the report say probably occurred because of the pilot's failure to maintain control of the airplane during a descent over water at night?
What added Kennedy's piloting difficulties were likely to have been caused by spatial disorientation?
Who were Killed?
What was spatial disorientation?
Whose 34-year-old sister was Lauren Bessette?
Who did investigators say could not find any mechanical problems with Kennedy's Piper Saratoga II?
Who said they could not find any mechanical problems with Kennedy's Piper Saratoga II?
Whose Piper Saratoga II did investigators say they could not find any mechanical problems with?
When did the report say the crash probably occurred because of the pilot's failure to maintain control of the airplane during a descent over water?
What did investigators say they could not find any mechanical problems with?
What did autopsies on all three victims find?
What did investigators say they could not find with Kennedy's Piper Saratoga II?
What said the crash probably occurred because of the pilot's failure to maintain control of the airplane during a descent over water at night?
