What was Turkey-- The earthquake that struck western Turkey earlier this week?
What did Prof. Aykut Barka of Istanbul Technical University say?
What did Bruce Presgrave say is common for large earthquakes to occur in multiple surges in rapid succession?
Who said Colo. is common for large earthquakes to occur in multiple surges in rapid succession?
Who said the tremors were 20 seconds apart?
Who was Bruce Presgrave?
What has surpassed 12,000?
What did Bruce Presgrave say it is common for to occur in multiple surges in rapid succession?
What did Prof. Aykut Barka of Istanbul Technical University say near?
What did Barka tell the private NTV television station together, lasted about 45 seconds at 3 a. m. Tuesday?
Who said the tremors's epicenter was near the northwestern town of Izmit, 90 miles east of Istanbul?
Who was Colo.?
What did a leading geologist say Sunday was made up of two consecutive quakes?
Who have predicted as many as 40,000 could have died?
What could have died?
What did Prof. Aykut Barka of Istanbul Technical University say their epicenter was near?
What has the death toll in the 7. 4-magnitude quake surpassed?
Who said it is common for large earthquakes to occur in multiple surges in rapid succession?
What did Barka tell together, the two quakes lasted about 45 seconds at 3 a. m. Tuesday?
What did Bruce Presgrave say for?
What did Prof. Aykut Barka of Istanbul Technical University say was near the northwestern town of Izmit, 90 miles east of Istanbul?
What did a leading geologist say Sunday ISTANBUL was made up of?
What did Bruce Presgrave say Colo. is common for to occur in multiple surges in rapid succession?
What have several U. S. and European seismologists arrived in Turkey to study?
Who have arrived in Turkey to study the quake?
When did a leading geologist say ISTANBUL was made up of two consecutive quakes?
What did Prof. Aykut Barka of Istanbul Technical University say the tremors's epicenter was near?
What did Barka tell the private NTV television station together, the two quakes lasted about 45 seconds at Tuesday?
What was ISTANBUL?
What was Bruce Presgrave?
How many quakes did Barka tell the private NTV television station together, lasted about 45 seconds at 3 a. m. Tuesday?
What have several U. S. and European seismologists arrived in to study the quake?
Who was a geophysicist with the U. S Geological Survey National Earthquake Information Center in Golden?
Who said their epicenter was near the northwestern town of Izmit, 90 miles east of Istanbul?
Who said, ``Almost every earthquake bigger than a 6-point magnitude is a multiple event''?
Who told the private NTV television station together, the two quakes lasted about 45 seconds at 3 a. m. Tuesday?
Who did Bruce Presgrave say is common for large earthquakes to occur in multiple surges in rapid succession?
Who said Sunday ISTANBUL was made up of two consecutive quakes?
What did Prof. Aykut Barka of Istanbul Technical University say were 20 seconds apart?
Who said?
Who are thousands of homeless people like Cakiroglu demanding that the government help buy new homes and furniture and find them new jobs?
Who did Personnel manager Harun Savas say to?
What did IZMIT also point out?
Who is head of the Aegean Young Businessmen Association?
Whose wife and daughter has his 12-year-old son gone with to live with relatives on the Black Sea coast?
What is here that he sleeps with his wife and 3-year-old daughter?
What are bridges and electrical lines?
What also pointed out that the crucial cement, automobile and tire factories that make western Turkey so important to the economy have been left largely undamaged?
What does the area hit mean will have even less income to count on?
Who was his 12-year-old son?
Who was Tevfik Aksoy?
What does the area hit mean the government will have to count on?
What should be able to reopen quickly?
Who say each day remaining factories like the Goodyear plant remain idle leads to a loss of $300 million?
Who said, ``I 'm willing to do anything, even sell pretzels on the street''?
What has Bulent Akgerman suggested a six-day work week to overcome the impact of?
Who has suggested a six-day work week to overcome the impact of the quake?
Whose house survived the earthquake?
What has the international community already provided?
Who is a brown blanket here that Cihan Cakiroglu sleeps with?
Who said the Goodyear plant was built with steel walls?
What will the plant wait a few days more for to end?
Who said, ``We have to start a new life''?
What does the August paycheck thatis now will never come?
Who is it here that he sleeps with?
What is strapped for the cash needed to repair basic infrastructure?
What means the government will have even less income to count on?
What have lost their homes?
What did Government spokesman Sukru Sina Gurel say?''
What did Personnel manager Harun Savas say the plant is offering to workers who come in to help assess damage?
What is Bulent Akgerman head of?
When has Bulent Akgerman suggested to overcome the impact of the quake?
Who said the economic damage to the country could ``be beyond what any tragic event in the history of Turkey has caused?''
Who nationwide are struggling to recover from the massive, 7. 4-magnitude earthquake that struck the country's industrial heartland early Tuesday?
What do the blue steel walls stand at?
What does the area hit provide?
What was Tevfik Aksoy chief economist of?
Who is a brown blanket here with?
What come here in a week?
Who said, ``almost half have to start a new life''?
What did engineering manager Mehmet Turkel say survived the earthquake?
Who later helped bury them?
What was TUSIAD?
What are Turks nationwide struggling to recover from?
Who did Savas later help bury?
What are demanding that the government help new homes and furniture buy new homes and furniture and find them new jobs?
What do experts say?
What did Haluk Tukel say, ``I think the major problem will be''?
Who was Cagdas?
Who was TUSIAD the country's leading organization of?
When do you come here?
What did Savas later help bury?
What thatis now homeless family needs will never come?
What are other industrialists demanding?
Who comes here in a week?
What stand at the nearby Goodyear tire plant?
What survived the earthquake?
Who has Personnel manager Harun Savas's 12-year-old son gone with to live with relatives on the Black Sea coast?
Who was too frightened to stay in Izmit?
Who has his 12-year-old son gone with Savas ' wife and daughter to live with on the Black Sea coast?
Whose 12-year-old son was Cagdas?
Who has gone with Savas ' wife and daughter to live with relatives on the Black Sea coast?
What are thousands of homeless people like Cakiroglu demanding that the government help buy new homes and furniture and find them new jobs?
What does the government already struggle to cut back?
Who said, ``I think the major problem will be how to get people back to work''?
What did engineering manager Mehmet Turkel say the Goodyear plant survived?
Who was Personnel manager Harun Savas's 12-year-old son?
What are five of the plant's workers believed to have been killed in?
What did Personnel manager Harun Savas's house survive?
What did Government spokesman Sukru Sina Gurel say could ``be beyond what any tragic event in the history of Turkey has caused?''
What are demanding that the government help them buy new homes and furniture and find them new jobs?
What is IZMIT?
What is Turkey-- The car-repair shop where Cihan Cakiroglu worked?
What was damaged?
What is twisted wreckage?
What did engineering manager Mehmet Turkel say was built with steel walls?
What was the country's leading organization of industrialists?
What did Savas pull the bodies of from the wreckage of their homes?
What have almost half lost?
What is here that Cihan Cakiroglu sleeps with his wife and 3-year-old daughter?
What appear to be staggering?
What provides almost half the tax revenue?
What is Bulent Akgerman?
Who are believed to have been killed in the quake?
Who did Personnel manager Harun Savas say the plant is offering tea and sandwiches to?
Who has his 12-year-old son gone with to live with relatives on the Black Sea coast?
What has Personnel manager Harun Savas's 12-year-old son gone with Savas ' wife and daughter to live with relatives on?
Who did Savas pull from the wreckage of their homes?
What did Savas pull the bodies of five of his relatives from?
What did engineering manager Mehmet Turkel say the Goodyear plant was built with?
Who should return to work?
Who said the plant is offering tea and sandwiches to workers who come in to help assess damage?
What do experts say each day remaining factories like the Goodyear plant remain?
Whose 12-year-old son was too frightened to stay in Izmit?
What did his house survive?
Who was the secretary-general of TUSIAD?
Who are demanding aid from the international community?
How many its employees should return to work?
What has Bulent Akgerman suggested a six-day work week to overcome?
Who pulled the bodies of five of his relatives from the wreckage of their homes?
Whose 12-year-old son has gone with Savas ' wife and daughter to live with relatives on the Black Sea coast?
What are thousands of homeless people like Cakiroglu demanding?
What already struggles to cut back a federal budget deficit?
When do IZMIT come here?
What did Haluk Tukel say, ``I think''?
What did Haluk Tukel say, ``Personnel manager Harun Savas think the major problem will be''?
Who is it here with?
What will wait a few days more for the search for survivors and possessions to end?
What are roads?
Who was chief economist of Istanbul's Bank Ekspres?
What does the area hit mean?
Who said the Goodyear plant survived the earthquake?
Who say?
What has his 12-year-old son gone with Savas ' wife and daughter to live with relatives on?
Who are too busy searching for relatives or shelter for their families to show up for work?
Who said, ``Personnel manager Harun Savas think the major problem will be how to get people back to work''?
What is the government strapped for?
What does the August paycheck thatis now?
What did Personnel manager Harun Savas say is offering tea and sandwiches to workers who come in to help assess damage?
Whose wife and daughter has Personnel manager Harun Savas's 12-year-old son gone with to live with relatives on the Black Sea coast?
What did Haluk Tukel say, ``Personnel manager Harun Savas think''?
Who has Personnel manager Harun Savas's 12-year-old son gone with Savas ' wife and daughter to live with on the Black Sea coast?
Who also pointed out that the crucial cement, automobile and tire factories that make western Turkey so important to the economy have been left largely undamaged?
How many the nearby Goodyear tire plant's employees should return to work?
What did he also point out?
What was Haluk Tukel the secretary-general of?
What has already provided $500 million in loans and grants?
What was Haluk Tukel?
What did the powerful 7. 4-magnitude temblor reduce a wide swath of western Turkey to?
What did the powerful 7. 4-magnitude temblor reduce to rubble?
What did Prime Minister Bulent Ecevit say in on Tuesday, ``Of course the people have the right to be nervous, have the right to complain''?
What do two days of rain have deepened left homeless by the quake?
Who reported hearing sounds from under the crushed concrete?
What did reports say plans to send 3,500 all-weather tents?
Who was the 4. 7-magnitude quake centered near?
What do two days of rain have deepened the misery of the estimated 200,000 people left homeless by?
What was Cinarcik?
Who rushed to the site of a collapsed building after residents reported hearing sounds from under the crushed concrete in Cinarcik?
Who said they still held out hopes that more people could be found alive?
What were relief workers turning their attention to?
What did a French group say?
When did Haymana residents spend?
Who was Hans van den Broek?
What did a French group say Turkey's Psychological Association was beginning?
What did Turkey's leaders defend?
Who say they have even seen seashells in the crumbled concrete?
Who was head of the crisis center in Yalova?
Whose Psychological Association did a French group say said it would send 50 therapists to the quake zone?
What was Cinarcik a suburb of?
Where did a French group say Turkey's Psychological Association said?
What was Lt. Col. Numan Arslanyer?
Who said in an interview with CNN on Tuesday, ``Of course the people have the right to be nervous, have the right to complain''?
Who said today, ``We have not lost hope to find people alive''?
What did searchers say?
Who was Ankara?
What is overwhelmed by the crisis?
What was the association also distributing leaflets meant to help people mentally cope with the losses had suffered?
What did today quote one major building contractor as acknowledging in?
What was centered near Haymana, 40 miles south of the capital?
What was the search for survivors winding down despite in Cinarcik?
Who spoke on condition of anonymity?
Who was Tarja Halonen?
What was heavy earthmoving equipment at at many sites?
How many days of rain have deepened the misery of the estimated 200,000 people left homeless by the quake?
Who spent the night in parks and their cars?
What did he say in?
Where did a French group say?
What did a Dutch group say?
What was the search for survivors winding down despite rescue efforts like the one in?
What did one major building contractor say?
Who was a suburb of the resort town of Yalova?
What did heavy earthmoving equipment mark an effective end to?
What did Lt. Col. Numan Arslanyer say?
When did Prime Minister Bulent Ecevit say in an interview with CNN, ``this is a natural disaster''?
What do rescuers say in?
What did Veli tell the agency?
When quoted one major building contractor as acknowledging he used sea sand in his concrete?
What were built with concrete that had been mixed with ordinary sea sand?
What has ISTANBUL promised stricter building rules to prevent any more of?
What reduced a wide swath of western Turkey to rubble?
Where did rescuers rush after residents reported hearing sounds from under the crushed concrete in Cinarcik?
What did he say had collapsed in the quake?
What was Lt. Col. Numan Arslanyer head of?
What do rescuers say they have even seen in the crumbled concrete?
What did Lt. Col. Numan Arslanyer say four brothers were believed buried in?
What did an official at the government's crisis center in Ankara say into?
When have deepened the misery of the estimated 200,000 people left homeless by the quake?
What said Turkey's Psychological Association was beginning counseling for 500 children in quake-damaged Izmit?
Who did searchers say still held out hopes that more people could be found alive?
What did Prime Minister Bulent Ecevit say in on Tuesday, ``this is a natural disaster''?
Who did a French group say Turkey's Psychological Association said it would send to the quake zone?
What did rescuers rush to the site of a collapsed building after residents reported under in Cinarcik?
What did a French group say Turkey's Psychological Association said would send 50 therapists to the quake zone?
How many brothers did Lt. Col. Numan Arslanyer say were believed buried in the building?
What holds the presidency?
Where did Veli speak from in hiding?
What did the government on Tuesday say to?
What do two days of rain have by?
What do rescuers say they have even seen seashells in?
Who did he say had not understood the dangers?
What did one major building contractor say he had not understood?
What 200 miles away sent residents running into the streets in panic Tuesday night?
Who did Veli tell the agency would surrender to police when passions calmed?
When did Lt. Col. Numan Arslanyer say, ``searchers have not lost hope to find people alive''?
What did a French group say Turkey's Psychological Association said to?
What has ISTANBUL promised stricter building rules to prevent?
Who said a mistake had been made while entering data into a computer, resulting in the erroneous report that nearly 18,000 people had died?
What did a French group say was beginning counseling for 500 children in quake-damaged Izmit?
When was with a European Community delegation arriving today?
Who said that Turkish, Bulgarian and German rescuers were working intensively to dig four brothers out?
What has ISTANBUL promised to prevent any more of the shoddy construction blamed for the thousands of deaths from last week's massive earthquake?
What was the association also distributing leaflets meant to help people mentally cope with the losses?
Who said nearly one-sixth of the 3,000 apartment units he built had collapsed in the quake?
What did the powerful 7. 4-magnitude temblor reduce a wide swath of to rubble?
What did rescuers rush to after residents reported hearing sounds from under the crushed concrete in Cinarcik?
What did Lt. Col. Numan Arslanyer say in?
What was Tarja Halonen the foreign minister of?
What said Turkey's Psychological Association said it would send 50 therapists to the quake zone?
Who did Lt. Col. Numan Arslanyer say were believed buried in the building?
What did searchers say they still held out that more people could be found alive?
What did a Dutch group say would send 30,000 prefabricated shelters designed to withstand quakes and winter cold?
Who said that Turkish, Bulgarian and German rescuers were working intensively to dig them out?
Who were turning their attention to the quake's devastating psychological effects?
Who was the association also distributing leaflets meant to help people mentally cope with the losses had suffered?
What was heavy earthmoving equipment at work at?
What is Turkey-- Turkey's prime minister?
Who was the foreign minister of Finland?
What said it would send 30,000 prefabricated shelters designed to withstand quakes and winter cold?
What did residents report sounds from under the crushed concrete?
What did searchers say they still held out hopes?
What did a French group say said it would send 50 therapists to the quake zone?
What followed?
How many prefabricated shelters designed to withstand quakes and winter cold did a Dutch group say it would send?
Who did today quote as acknowledging he used sea sand in his concrete?
What was at work at many sites?
Whose Psychological Association did a French group say to?
What did he say?
Who was accompanied by the EU's external relations commissioner?
Who told the agency he would surrender to police when passions calmed?
What did contractor Veli Gocer say had collapsed in the quake?
Who said today, ``searchers have not lost hope to find people alive''?
What is ISTANBUL?
What was the association also they had suffered?
What was winding down despite rescue efforts like the one in Cinarcik?
What were gathering speed and due to visit the quake zone Thursday?
What did contractor Veli Gocer say nearly one-sixth of the 3,000 apartment units he built had collapsed in?
Where was heavy earthmoving equipment at work?
What said the United States plans to send 3,500 all-weather tents?
Who said four brothers were believed buried in the building?
When did heavy earthmoving equipment mark to the delicate rescue efforts of previous days?
What did searchers say still held out hopes that more people could be found alive?
What have the quake complained bitterly to?
What did he say nearly one-sixth of the 3,000 apartment units he built had collapsed in?
What did reports say the United States plans to send?
Whose Psychological Association did a French group say?
What were relief workers turning to the quake's devastating psychological effects?
What did rescuers rush to the site of a collapsed building after residents reported hearing sounds from under the crushed concrete in?
What did an official at the government's crisis center in Ankara speak on?
What did Veli speak to from in hiding?
Who did one major building contractor say had not understood the dangers?
Who feared more tremors?
Who defended their actions?
Who spoke to Anatolia from in hiding?
What is Turkey overwhelmed by?
How many all-weather tents did reports say the United States plans to send?
What did a Dutch group say it would send?
When did he say, ``We have not lost hope to find people alive''?
Who said he had not understood the dangers?
Who said in an interview with CNN on Tuesday, ``this is a natural disaster''?
What has promised stricter building rules to prevent any more of the shoddy construction blamed for the thousands of deaths from last week's massive earthquake?
What was speed with?
When was the last live rescue?
Where did a French group say Turkey's Psychological Association said it would send 50 therapists?
What did the government on Tuesday say rose to 17,997, but revised that figure down to 12,514 early today?
What has Turkey appealed for?
How many therapists did a French group say Turkey's Psychological Association said it would send to the quake zone?
What said the death toll rose to 17,997, but revised that figure down to 12,514 early today?
What did a French group say it was beginning?
What did a French group say to?
What did contractor Veli Gocer say in?
What was Monday?
What has appealed for aid?
What did Veli tell he would surrender to police when passions calmed?
Who was Tarja Halonen accompanied by?
What was the EU's external relations commissioner?
Who do rescuers say have even seen seashells in the crumbled concrete?
What do rescuers say have even seen seashells in the crumbled concrete?
What did he say he had not understood?
What marked an effective end to the delicate rescue efforts of previous days?
What did a French group say Turkey's Psychological Association said it would send 50 therapists to?
What have complained bitterly that the government has been slow in responding to the crisis?
What was Haymana, 40 miles south of the capital?
Whose Psychological Association did a French group say was beginning counseling for 500 children in quake-damaged Izmit?
What was also distributing leaflets meant to help people mentally cope with the losses they had suffered?
What were many of the buildings that collapsed like houses of cards in the quake built with?
When does Finland hold?
What said it was beginning counseling for 500 children in quake-damaged Izmit?
What did Haymana residents fear?
What did residents report under?
Who said the military seemed to be a statement that the government has learned its lesson?
Who is Muhammet Uygun?
What does the government expect?
What is the state still?
What has the cash-strapped state provided to some 195,000 survivors for most of the past year?
What does it crush as they slept?
What did Uygun say rents's citizens are ungrateful?
What did Alan Makovsky say it seems that they are?
When do seismologists warn the new quake could happen?
What do Turks feel has handled the post-quake cleanup well?
Where are some 26,000 survivors of the Aug. 17 quake that devastated Turkey's industrial heartland living?
What do I think that the government has recouped?
What are mobile rescue teams prepared for deployment within four hours of a disaster in?
What gives some 56,000 families $155 a month in rent subsidies?
What did the quake virtually level?
How many people died in that quake?
What is dissipating?
What virtually leveled parts of Izmit, 60 miles east of Istanbul, and other towns in western Turkey?
What is the most respected Turkish institution?
What has the number of people in tent cities fallen from after the quake to 26,000 today?
What did the European Union in December bring the country one step closer to?
What did the government also receive a boost when the European Union in December agreed to accept Turkey as a candidate for membership with?
What was Karatas unable to prove in?
What do they always want something else?
What is fading toward a government that at first appeared ineffective and slow to react?
What have skyrocketed since the earthquake?
How many people does the state crush as they slept?
What are mobile rescue teams prepared for within four hours of a disaster in Izmit?
What has provided free meals to some 195,000 survivors for most of the past year?
What are prepared for deployment within four hours of a disaster in Izmit?
What does her husband receive a pension of?
What no longer question whether the state is still there to help them?
What does it's that newly confident officials dismiss with disdain?
What would a small apartment cost?
Who was Alan Makovsky?
What did Makovsky say the military seemed to be?
What would cost the family's entire monthly income?
Who did Karatas say as her eyes turned red and swelled with tears the state does not care about?
Who had no lease?
What has the cash-strapped state provided free meals to some 195,000 survivors for?
What did her eyes swell with?
Who did Karatas say have nothing?
Who is deputy disaster area coordinator?
What has the government taken?
Who does the state not care about?
Who feel their government has handled the post-quake cleanup well?
Who said we have nothing?
What would rather we die?
Who is the state still there to help?
Who always want something else no matter what you give them?
What does the state give to people whose apartments were destroyed?
What did the government also receive with the West?
What's a bitterness that was widely felt after the 7. 4-magnitude earthquake destroyed poorly built apartment houses?
What reacted quickly?
What do Turks feel?
How many additional people live in cramped prefabricated homes that are oppressively hot in summer and bitterly cold in winter?
What do people no longer question?
What appeared to be well coordinated?
Who said rents's citizens are a bit ungrateful?
Who thinks that the government has recouped its honor?
Who would they rather die?
When has the number of people in tent cities fallen from some 120,000 after the quake to 26,000?
What did Karatas have?
What did Alan Makovsky say it seems?
What was the Turkish response to the disaster so disorganized that foreign rescue teams had to ask civilians for?
When did a second, much smaller quake strike?
Who said the Turkish press seems that an additional 150,000 people are an afterthought?
Who would rather we die?
What is the military?
What did Alan Makovsky say seems that they are an afterthought?
How many survivors of the Aug. 17 quake that devastated Turkey's industrial heartland are living in tent cities?
Who have been using a nearby garden hose to fill jugs with water for drinking and washing?
What struck in November?
Who are not alone?
What did the European Union in December bring one step closer to its long cherished goal of integration?
What is anger fading toward a government?
What does the state crush as they slept?
What do Turks feel their government has handled well?
What always want something else no matter what you give them?
Where has a quake coordination headquarters been built?
What is Izmit?
Who was unable to prove that she had been renting an apartment in the quake zone?
What destroyed poorly built apartment houses?
What did Uygun say our citizens are ungrateful?
What does the state's an anger with?
What does the state's an anger that newly confident officials dismiss with?
What did Karatas say we have?
Who has the cash-strapped state provided free meals to for most of the past year?
Who said as her eyes turned red and swelled with tears the state does not care about us?
What do I think?
What did Alan Makovsky say seems that an additional 150,000 people are an afterthought?
What swelled with tears?
Who is Karatas?
What has a quake coordination headquarters been built in?
Who slept?
What has been built in a field?
Who is the wife of a retired baker?
Who was the Turkish response to the disaster so disorganized that foreign rescue teams had to ask for advice on where to go?
What is the state still there to help?
What has taken extensive measures to prepare for a new quake?
What turned red?
What did Alan Makovsky say's sad?
What does it's an anger with?
How many additional people is the state still there to help?
Who says we are ready?
What does the Turkish press rarely mention?
What does the state's?
Where was Karatas unable to prove?
Who was an analyst at the Washington Institute for Near East Policy?
What has the number of people in tent cities fallen from some 120,000 after today?
What does it's an anger that newly confident officials dismiss with?
What do an additional 150,000 people live in in winter?
Who said the Turkish press's sad?
Who did Uygun say are a bit ungrateful?
Who said it's sad?
What is still there to help them?
Who are too poor to find rescue efforts led by the military, the most respected Turkish institution,'s own homes?
What live in cramped prefabricated homes that are oppressively hot in summer and bitterly cold in winter?
What were dispatched?
What do government officials have so that they can be reached if phone lines are cut?
What is anger fading toward that at first appeared ineffective and slow to react?
What brought the country one step closer to its long cherished goal of integration?
When do an additional 150,000 people live in cramped prefabricated homes that are oppressively hot in summer and bitterly cold?
What have rents skyrocketed since?
Who have walkie-talkies in their offices so that they can be reached if phone lines are cut?
Who said?
What's an anger that newly confident officials dismiss with disdain?
How many additional people slept?
What is of little help to Karatas?
How many people does it crush as they slept?
What did almost 1,000 people die in?
What does the Turkish press rarely mention the thousands of?
What does it's?
Who is Karatas the wife of?
What was so disorganized that foreign rescue teams had to ask civilians for advice on where to go?
What did Karatas say as her eyes turned red and swelled with tears does not care about us?
What did Makovsky say it seemed to be?
What did Makovsky say seemed to be a statement that the government has learned its lesson?
What crushes some 17,000 people as they slept?
Who is the hard-hit town where Karatas lives?
What did Alan Makovsky say the Turkish press seems that an additional 150,000 people are?
What was the Turkish response to the disaster so disorganized for?
What slept?
What did the 7. 4-magnitude earthquake destroy poorly built?
What does the state give rent credits to?
Who are too poor to find their own homes?
Who have been living in a tent donated by the U. S. government?
Who said our citizens are a bit ungrateful?
Who receives a pension of $155?
What are some 26,000 survivors of the Aug. 17 quake that devastated Turkey's industrial heartland living in?
What rarely mentions the thousands of people like Karatas?
What expects that number to decline sharply in the coming months?
What did Alan Makovsky say the Turkish press seems?
What also received a boost when the European Union in December agreed to accept Turkey as a candidate for membership with the West?
When are mobile rescue teams prepared for deployment in Izmit?
What does not care about us?
Who said it seemed to be a statement that the government has learned its lesson?
What has fallen from some 120,000 after the quake to 26,000 today?
Who are living in tent cities?
Who said it seems that they are an afterthought?
What does her husband receive?
What do people no longer question whether the state is still?
Who does Muhammet Uygun say are ready?
What is that news of?
Who warn the new quake could happen at any time?
What is still there to help an additional 150,000 people?
What died in that quake?
What does the state's that newly confident officials dismiss with disdain?
What are not alone?
What gives rent credits to people whose apartments were destroyed?
What do seismologists warn could happen at any time?
What passes just a few miles from the city?
What did Toksoz say it was?
What does the increase there in coming years?
Who does Istanbul lie just 65 miles west of?
Who is this quake's magnitude still worked out by?
What was the largest of the aftershocks?
What has this quake's magnitude been identified as by the MIT scientists by Turkish scientists, and 7. 8 by the US Geological Survey?
When was the quake the largest recorded in Turkey?
What is with a population of 12 million?
What did Toksoz say along?
What is then released?
What were computed using the various waves produced by a quake?
Who has this quake's magnitude been identified as magnitude 7. 5 by the MIT scientists by by the US Geological Survey?
What will be closely monitored?
Though centered 65 miles away what did some property damage?
What was a magnitude 8. 2 quake in 1939?
What was the largest recorded in Turkey since 1976?
How many miles from the city does the fault line pass?
What is being installed to replace the decade-old stations?
What still is worked out by scientists in Turkey?
What did the fault line produce?
Who said the fault line that ruptured in Turkey Tuesday had been identified more than two years ago as a particularly dangerous one?
Who said a devastating earthquake is not yet clear what this unusual disparity might mean?
What did scientists from the Massachusetts Institute of Technology say the fault line that ruptured in Turkey Tuesday had been identified more than two years ago as?
Who said it is not yet clear what this unusual disparity might mean?
What did he say, we 'll push on with it with?
What was the quake recorded in Turkey since 1976?
What did Toksoz provide enough time for people to leave?
What did he say along?
When did Toksoz provide for people to leave vulnerable buildings, and perhaps even to store water and supplies?
What have the only similar networks of monitoring stations in the world shown distinct signs of when scientists have looked back at the records after a quake occurred?
What are the only similar networks of monitoring stations in the world?
Who are 6. 8?
What have been recorded since the main quake?
What did he provide enough time for to leave vulnerable buildings, and perhaps even to store water and supplies?
What did 8. 2 quake in 1939 kill?
What did Smith say scientists use?
Though centered 65 miles away what did this week's quake do?
What did he say is not yet clear what this unusual disparity might mean?
How many different magnitude numbers were computed using the various waves produced by a quake?
What is Istanbul?
What did he say earthquakes have been gradually migrating westward along?
Who said, ``We 're very much concerned about what might happen in that area''?
What is operational?
What does the increase the odds of there in coming years?
Who was a geophysicist at the US Geological Survey's National Earthquake Information Center in Colorado?
When does the increase the odds of a major quake there?
What get a lower reading?
Who said earthquakes have been gradually migrating westward along the North Anatolian fault?
What lies just 65 miles west of Izmit?
What is Turkey's largest city?
What did he say it is not yet clear?
When have these GPS readings only been taken once?
Who could at least prevent some of the human casualties with warning?
What did Bill Smith say a devastating earthquake is not yet clear?
What did Bill Smith explain?
What has this quake's magnitude been identified as magnitude 7. 5 by the MIT scientists by Turkish scientists, and 7. 8 by?
Whose largest city is Istanbul?
What may be the next place to feel the fault's wrath?
What are one in Japan and one in southern California?
What agree better than on this one, ``In most cases''?
What could we at least prevent some of the human casualties with?
What did he provide enough time for people to leave?
What occurred at about 3 a. m. local time?
When did he provide for people to leave vulnerable buildings, and perhaps even to store water and supplies?
Who said it was readings from these instruments that showed that ``this was the region where most of the stresses'' were accumulating?
What did Toksoz add?
How many different magnitude numbers did Smith say scientists use?
What have hundreds of aftershocks been recorded since?
What is the United States and other countries?
What is Turkey?
What does the fault line pass?
Who did Smith say use six to eight different magnitude numbers?
What did Bill Smith say is not yet clear what this unusual disparity might mean?
Who has this quake's magnitude been identified as magnitude 7. 5 by by Turkish scientists, and 7. 8 by the US Geological Survey?
What does the stress on?
Who said, we 'll push on with it with the added impetus of this quake?
What did the main quake occur at a. m. local time?
When did the main quake occur at about 3?
Who said a real-time warning based on GPS data has never been issued?
What did Toksoz say has never been issued?
What produced a devastating earthquake?
What have the only similar networks of monitoring stations in the world shown after a quake occurred?
Who could we at least prevent with warning?
What may Istanbul be?
What did scientists from the Massachusetts Institute of Technology say had been identified more than two years ago as a particularly dangerous one?
What did scientists from the Massachusetts Institute of Technology say as?
Who could we at least prevent some of with warning?
What did Toksoz say extensive damage to residential and industrial buildings in Izmit and nearby towns in a major industrial center was were accumulating?
Who said scientists use six to eight different magnitude numbers?
What did Toksoz add that readings based on measurements farther from the site usually give?
What does the fault line resemble?
What did Toksoz say was readings from these instruments that showed that ``this was the region where most of the stresses'' were accumulating?
What is Turkey's largest city with?
Who call both faults right-handed strike-slip faults?
What resembles California's San Andreas fault?
Who said, ``but not in real time, ``People have detected precursor motions''?
Who said?
What did Toksoz provide enough time for to leave vulnerable buildings, and perhaps even to store water and supplies?
What did Toksoz say have been gradually migrating westward along the North Anatolian fault?
What did Toksoz say extensive damage to residential and industrial buildings in Izmit and nearby towns in a major industrial center was?
What does a new system use?
Who was Bill Smith?
What is expected to run to billions of dollars?
What are the MIT scientists?
Who added that readings based on measurements farther from the site usually give a more accurate representation?
Who said, ``I have walked just about every foot of that fault zone''?
Though centered 65 miles away what did this week's quake cause?
What did Smith say?
What did he say have been gradually migrating westward along the North Anatolian fault?
What can be ``saturated'' by the intensity of the shaking?
What have only been taken once a year?
Though centered 65 miles away what caused a few deaths in Istanbul?
What do instruments close to the quake get?
What is continuing?
What did extensive damage to residential and industrial buildings in Izmit and nearby towns in a major industrial center?
What occurred?
What stresses on the Istanbul segment of the fault?
What can instruments close to the quake be ``saturated'' by?
What has been identified as magnitude 7. 5 by the MIT scientists by Turkish scientists, and 7. 8 by the US Geological Survey?
What began?
Who provided enough time for people to leave vulnerable buildings, and perhaps even to store water and supplies?
What builds up in the rock?
What did the quake do?
What does stress build up in?
What have shown distinct signs of some impending earthquakes when scientists have looked back at the records after a quake occurred?
What increases the odds of a major quake there in coming years?
Who explained that such numbers are ``still subject to change''?
What were six to eight different magnitude numbers computed?
What uses GPS receivers that continuously send position information?
What did Toksoz say it was were accumulating?
What was magnitude 5. 3?
What did Toksoz say earthquakes have been gradually migrating westward along?
Who could not say when it would happen?
Who was the seat of Byzantine power?
What do Prime Minister Bulent Ecevit ask, ` How are ever going to get anyone out of there?
Who was a plump and vigorous grandmother in her sixties?
What did we know?
What do Prime Minister Bulent Ecevit ask, ` How are these huge heaps of rubble ever going to get out of there?
What will these huge heaps of rubble get a lot of lessons from?
What will officials update our regulations along after this bitter experience?
What did she stand by possessions from?
What do you see these huge heaps of?
What is another focus of the relief effort the port of Golcuk on the Sea of?
Who said ``The inevitable happened''?
What does Turkey sit atop?
Where did newly arrive foreigners found no organized rescue effort under way and took charge themselves?
What was the region southwest of Istanbul?
What strike the rugged and sparsely populated eastern provinces?
Who sees these huge heaps of rubble?
What did foreigners direct?
When have Turkey and Israel forged a strong strategic partnership?
What was the country's densely populated industrial heartland the region southwest of?
What did she clamber over concrete debris to?
Who clambered over concrete debris to the fringes of the rock pile that was once her home?
Who grabbed hold of quarter-inch steel rods jutting out of the concrete?
What was one of five five-story buildings perched together on a hilltop just outside of Izmit?
What did this one hit?
What is another focus of the relief effort?
Who listened gravely as the minister of Public Works and Housing described the extent of the calamity?
What did scientists say Tuesday's earthquake was along the Anatolia Fault beneath?
What occur about once every two years?
Who was Public Works and Housing?
What did many other residents of Izmit complain that contractors had on?
What is Israel evidently anxious to show in?
What were unscathed by Tuesday's powerful quake?
What did the weekly street markets sell from fruit to shoes?
What raised an outcry over shoddy construction practices and lax government regulations?
Who is Greece?
What sold everything from fruit to shoes?
What is especially vital because early rescue efforts by the Turkish authorities have been plagued by inexperience, poor organization and lack of supplies?
What were curtains?
What was the Anatolia Fault?
What do Prime Minister Bulent Ecevit see?
What needs to look into this?
Who was Ahmet Mete Isikara?
Who lived in an apartment?
Who never insisted that contractors survey the risks and build earthquake-resistant structures?
What was the apartment?
What sits atop some of the world's most unstable geology?
What were News commentators pilloried the government for what they said inexcusable lapses in preparing for an earthquake with?
What did newly arrive foreigners found no organized rescue effort under way and took charge themselves in?
Who said, ``Turkey was certainly no surprise''?
What have been plagued by inexperience, poor organization and lack of supplies?
What was suitcases that did not close?
What will we update along the lines of Japan, the United States and Mexico after this bitter experience?
What said, ``Rescue and relief is coming late or not at all?''
Who said angrily ``This is what you should look into''?
Who is another focus of the relief effort the port of on the Sea of Marmara?
What was a 100-mile arc that winds?
What were new?
What is too thin?
What was one of the strongest of the century?
Who described the extent of the calamity?
What was Semiha Adiyaman?
What did television footage from many towns show?
What was the Haghia Sophia?
What did the weekly street markets sell everything from fruit to?
What struck?
What did we know would?
What did turkish seismologists put the U. S. Geological Survey's strength at?
What never insisted that contractors survey the risks and build earthquake-resistant structures?
What did the U. S. Geological Survey say had a preliminary magnitude of 7. 8, but downgraded that to 7. 4 anywhere in the world?
What did the minister of Public Works and Housing describe the extent of?
What did Prime Minister Bulent Ecevit warn?
What did scientists say Tuesday's earthquake was along beneath northwestern provinces near Istanbul?
Who will get a lot of lessons from this quake?
What broadcast nearly non-stop coverage of relief efforts?
What did Parliament meet in?
What reopened more or less normally Wednesday in Darica?
Who did several experts blame for having contributed to the scope of the catastrophe by allowing the construction of flimsy buildings that could not withstand a quake?
What did newly arrive under in some stricken towns?
Who posed similar questions?
What knew there would?
Who did overwrought spectators sob each time was found, and simply sobbed when bodies were seen to be lifeless?
What was Turkey _?
What will we update our regulations along the lines of Japan, the United States and Mexico after?
What did the most poignant scenes show victims being brought out from?
What was curtains?
What was the apartment one of?
What did the European Union contribute?
Who knew it would?
What was the pile of clothing?
What's a God-awful mess?
What did Relief planes also arrive from including Egypt, Jordan, Algeria, Pakistan and Japan?
Who was director of an observatory in Istanbul and a leading specialist on earthquake risk?
What needs to ask if the buildings were too weak?
What are common in Turkey?
What were injured?
Who blamed unscrupulous contractors and ineffective inspectors for having contributed to the scope of the catastrophe by allowing the construction of flimsy buildings that could not withstand a quake?
What did turkish seismologists put at 7. 4?
What were News commentators pilloried the government for what they said?
Who said that 100 others may lie beneath the rubble?
What arrived foreigners found no organized rescue effort under way and took charge themselves in some stricken towns?
What is the port of Golcuk on the Sea of Marmara?
Who put the U. S. Geological Survey's strength at 7. 4?
Who said, ``We are facing the greatest natural disaster in the history of the Turkish Republic''?
When did the central shopping area reopen more or less normally in Darica?
How many people were injured?
Who was a suburb of Izmit?
What do most strike?
What are fatal earthquakes common in?
Who were believed to have been the hardest hit?
Who did foreigners direct battalions of?
What sent money, relief workers or equipment?
What will these huge heaps of rubble get a lot of from this quake?
What said the quake had a preliminary magnitude of 7. 8, but downgraded that to 7. 4 anywhere in the world?
What did turkish television stations broadcast nearly non-stop coverage of?
What was the Haghia Sophia the seat of?
What do Prime Minister Bulent Ecevit ask, ` How are these huge heaps of ever going to get anyone out of there?
What will get a lot of lessons from this quake?
What was Koray Aydin?
Who said, ``It was certainly no surprise''?
What have Turkey and Israel forged over the last few years?
What was Darica?
What have early rescue efforts by the Turkish authorities been plagued by?
When was Tuesday's quake not the enormous one?
Who continued to find people alive under the rubble of collapsed buildings?
What did ISTANBUL More than 1,000 relief workers from 19 countries joined the frantic search Wednesday for victims of Tuesday's devastating earthquake as grieving survivors raise?
What did she say angrily ?
What do you ask, ` How are ever going to get anyone out of there?
What have many Turkish families in the earthquake zone nonetheless chosen to remain in for a few more days?
What was near Izmit?
Who ask, ` How are these huge heaps of rubble ever going to get anyone out of there?
How many identical apartment buildings had been flattened?
What do Prime Minister Bulent Ecevit see these huge heaps of?
What was not the enormous one that some scientists say is likely to strike this teeming metropolis sometime in the coming decades?
What did these huge heaps of rubble know?
What did the central shopping area reopen more or less normally Wednesday in?
What did scientists say along?
Who said, ``It's an extremely serious quake, really terrible''?
What are impassable?
What hit the country's densely populated industrial heartland?
What did Ahmet Ercan say ``happened''?
What was 7. 4?
What were News commentators pilloried the government for what they said inexcusable lapses in preparing for an earthquake that scientists said with?
What showed utter destruction that will certainly cripple Turkey's effort to climb out of the economic troubles into which Turkey has fallen this year?
Who warned that the death toll could rise further?
What contributed $2. 1 million in emergency aid?
What have forged a strong strategic partnership over the last few years?
What was Ahmet Ercan a professor of at Istanbul Technical University?
Who was Darica a suburb of?
What is still there?
When do fatal earthquakes occur about once?
Who did newly arrive found no organized rescue effort under way and took charge themselves in some stricken towns?
What does Ottoman sultans from ruled?
What did she clamber over to the fringes of the rock pile that was once her home?
What did the minister of Public Works and Housing describe?
Who put its strength at 7. 4?
Who sobbed each time a survivor was found, and simply sobbed when bodies were seen to be lifeless?
What did local officials say that 100 others may lie beneath?
What is the even bigger earthquake?
What were News commentators pilloried the government for what newly said?
What is even one in Istanbul?
What will we update our regulations along after this bitter experience?
What were historic monuments such as the Haghia Sophia, and Topkapi Palace, unscathed by?
What did Ahmet Ercan say ?
What did she stand by that workers had extracted from the rubble: a pile of clothing?
Who stood by possessions that workers had extracted from the rubble: a pile of clothing?
What is evidently anxious to show that it can be a good friend when Turkey is in need?
What did turkish television stations broadcast?
Who was the epicenter of the quake near?
What did many other residents of Izmit complain that contractors had scrimped on?
Who cheered?
What was ISTANBUL?
When has Israel also pledged to send a fully equipped field hospital?
What were inexcusable lapses?
When have many Turkish families in the earthquake zone nonetheless chosen to remain in tents or other outdoor shelters?
What did officials never insist?
What did scientists say was along the Anatolia Fault beneath northwestern provinces near Istanbul?
What was the country's densely populated industrial heartland?
What will these huge heaps of rubble get from this quake?
Who do you ask, ` How are ever going to get anyone out of there?
What did many other residents of Izmit pose?
What also arrived from non-European countries including Egypt, Jordan, Algeria, Pakistan and Japan?
What did Nn Teams of rescue workers arrive steadily at on Wednesday?
What was Tuesday's quake not that some scientists say is likely to strike this teeming metropolis sometime in the coming decades?
What will officials update along the lines of Japan, the United States and Mexico after this bitter experience?
What did she say angrily ``This is''?
What was Ahmet Mete Isikara director of?
What is Turkey's principal rival in the eastern Mediterranean?
Who were inexcusable lapses in preparing for an earthquake that scientists said was sure to come and in dealing with it after it struck?
How many people were listed?
What were listed?
What did the weekly street markets sell everything from to shoes?
Who will update our regulations along the lines of Japan, the United States and Mexico after this bitter experience?
Who see these huge heaps of rubble?
What was done to save money?
What did local officials say beneath?
What did she stand by possessions that workers had extracted from?
Who directed battalions of eager volunteers?
What will we get a lot of from this quake?
What does it's?
What will we get a lot of lessons from?
What did she grab hold of jutting out of the concrete?
What showed victims being brought out from the wreckage of collapsed buildings?
What will we get from this quake?
Who said Tuesday's earthquake was along the Anatolia Fault beneath northwestern provinces near Istanbul?
Who refused to face facts?
What were News commentators pilloried the government for what newly said inexcusable lapses in preparing for an earthquake that scientists said with?
What showed utter destruction that will certainly cripple Turkey's effort to climb out of the economic troubles into which it has fallen this year?
What were a kitchen chair?
What met in special session?
What were News commentators pilloried the government for what newly said inexcusable lapses in preparing for an earthquake with?
What did Relief planes also arrive from non-European countries?
What did overwrought spectators sob a survivor was found, and simply sobbed when bodies were seen to be lifeless?
What could not say when there would happen?
What did many other residents of Izmit complain on?
What did officials refuse to face?
What asserted, ``The rescue effort is a fiasco''?
What does somebody need to look into?
What had been flattened?
Who complained that contractors had scrimped on the amount of cement used to bind the concrete?
What have we had, ``For the first time''?
What did she grab?
Who have had an earthquake that affected the area where 45 percent of the Turkish population lives, ``For the first time''?
What did she say angrily ``is what you should look into''?
What have nonetheless chosen to remain in tents or other outdoor shelters for a few more days?
What did every European country send?
What do you see?
How many years do fatal earthquakes occur about once?
Who was Ahmet Ercan?
Who was a professor of geophysics at Istanbul Technical University?
What were both?
Who sultans from Topkapi Palace ruled?
What will officials update our regulations along the lines of Japan, the United States and Mexico after?
What has Israel also pledged to send within a few days?
What was 7. 4 one of?
What did turkish seismologists put its strength at?
When did Nn Teams of rescue workers arrive steadily at the Istanbul airport?
What bustled?
What were also damaged?
What do you ask, ` How are they ever going to get out of there?
What did overwrought spectators sob each time?
Who did the most poignant scenes show being brought out from the wreckage of collapsed buildings?
What did the U. S. Geological Survey say to?
What did Semiha Adiyaman live in?
What did rescue workers continue to find?
Who asks, ` How are they ever going to get anyone out of there?
What did they never insist?
Who arrived steadily at the Istanbul airport on Wednesday?
What has also pledged to send a fully equipped field hospital within a few days?
When have 11 quakes occurred at sites along the North Anatolian Fault that are almost always progressively farther to the west with each occurrence?
What do SAN FRANCISCO _ Earthquake forecasters apparently predicted in Turkey in an article published in a scientific journal in 1997?
What might have been just a lucky guess?
What have quake specialists developed computer models to understand in recent years?
Who did a magnitude 7. 4 quake strike a few miles south of?
Who based their forecast partly on their study of a remarkable long-term trend in Turkish earthquakes?
What was the scientists's forecast?
How many quakes have occurred at sites along the North Anatolian Fault that are almost always progressively farther to the west with each occurrence since 1939?
What did a 1967 quake immediately to the east of Izmit increase?
What is far from the site of the Tuesday quake?
Whose forecast was a true prediction or just a lucky guess?
Who also forecast a 15 percent probability of a quake measuring at least 6. 7 magnitude east of the eastern center of Ercinzan?
What was if it was a guess it?
What do they also forecast a 15 percent probability of measuring at least 6. 7 magnitude east of the eastern center of Ercinzan?
What did Stein, Dieterich and Barka base their forecast partly on?
When did the three scientists propose in their article on this basis?
What lies farther west than the 1967 quake?
What was their forecast?
What did he say, I 'm a little bit reluctant to claim?
What do SAN FRANCISCO _ Earthquake forecasters apparently predicted the devastating quake in in an article published in a scientific journal in 1997?
What did a quake changes forecast that the increased stress could eventually cause on the Sapanca Fault in the paper?
Where are indications that the epicenter was?
What have occurred at sites along the North Anatolian Fault that are almost always progressively farther to the west with each occurrence since 1939?
What did Simpson say Wednesday, ``The 1906 earthquake was such a big earthquake in''?
What are indications that the epicenter was on?
What are indications on?
What reinforces Dieterich's confidence in an emerging paradigm of earthquake science: the importance of crustal stress changes in triggering or inhibiting future quakes?
If the devastating quake was a guess what was a remarkably good one?
Where did Simpson say Wednesday, ``The 1906 earthquake was such a big earthquake''?
What did a quake changes forecast on in the paper?
Who said in an interview Wednesday, ``The earthquake occurred right in this area that we described''?
What did two U. S. Geological Survey researchers from Menlo Park and a Turkish colleague forecast a small possibility of in the scientific article?
Where might a quake changes increase the possibility of a future quake?
What might it have been do guess?
What was if the devastating quake was a guess it?
What might increase the possibility of a future quake in that region?
What was relatively quiet, quake-wise?
What is unusual in that no other fault zones on Earth show such a neat, domino-style pattern of occurrence?
What did Dieterich say in, ``The earthquake occurred right in this area that we described''?
What _ Earthquake forecasters apparently predicted the devastating quake in Turkey in an article published in a scientific journal in 1997?
What stems from the larger North Anatolian Fault system?
Who said?
If it was a guess what was a remarkably good one?
What do the scientists also forecast a 15 percent probability of a quake measuring?
What did the three scientists propose in their article that over the next 30 years, there was on this basis?
What suggests that past California quakes have been either triggered or inhibited by stress changes induced by quakes elsewhere?
Who said Wednesday, ``The 1906 earthquake was such a big earthquake that it pretty much relaxed every fault in the Bay Area''?
What do they also forecast measuring at least 6. 7 magnitude east of the eastern center of Ercinzan?
Who forecast that the increased stress could eventually cause a major quake on the Sapanca Fault in the paper?
What might a quake changes increase the possibility of a future quake in?
What do the scientists also forecast a 15 percent probability of measuring at least 6. 7 magnitude east of the eastern center of Ercinzan?
What did two U. S. Geological Survey researchers from Menlo Park and a Turkish colleague forecast in the scientific article?
What did Stein, Dieterich and Barka base partly on their study of a remarkable long-term trend in Turkish earthquakes?
What did they forecast that the increased stress could eventually cause a major quake on in the paper?
What do they also forecast a 15 percent probability of a quake measuring?
When have quake specialists developed computer models to understand how quakes change the stress on Earth's crust?
What crustal stress in a region?
What does some research suggest by?
What might a quake changes increase in that region?
What did they forecast that the increased stress could eventually cause on the Sapanca Fault in the paper?
What do the scientists also forecast measuring at least 6. 7 magnitude east of the eastern center of Ercinzan?
Who proposed in their article that over the next 30 years, there was a 12 percent probability for a large event south of Izmit on this basis?
What forecast that the increased stress could eventually cause a major quake on the Sapanca Fault in the paper?
What does the large event south of Izmit lie farther west than?
When did the three scientists propose in their article that, there was a 12 percent probability for a large event south of Izmit on this basis?
What have quake specialists developed to understand how quakes change the stress on Earth's crust in recent years?
When did Simpson say, ``The 1906 earthquake was such a big earthquake that it pretty much relaxed every fault in the Bay Area''?
What does the Sapanca Fault stem from?
What did a quake changes forecast that the increased stress could eventually cause a major quake on in the paper?
What did a quake changes forecast that the increased stress could eventually cause a major quake on the Sapanca Fault in?
Whose confidence in an emerging paradigm of earthquake science: the importance of crustal stress changes in triggering or inhibiting future quakes does it reinforce?
What was a true prediction or just a lucky guess?
What are that the epicenter was on the Sapanca Fault?
What might a quake changes increase the possibility of in that region?
Who do SAN FRANCISCO _ apparently predicted the devastating quake in Turkey in an article published in a scientific journal in 1997?
What do SAN FRANCISCO _ Earthquake forecasters apparently predicted the devastating quake in Turkey in?
What do the scientists also forecast a 15 percent probability of a quake measuring at least 6. 7 magnitude of?
What do they also forecast a 15 percent probability of a quake measuring at least 6. 7 magnitude of?
What did they forecast that the increased stress could eventually cause a major quake on the Sapanca Fault in?
Who have developed computer models to understand how quakes change the stress on Earth's crust in recent years?
Where are indications?
Where have 11 quakes occurred since 1939?
Who said, I 'm a little bit reluctant to claim that we forecast the earthquake?
What did they forecast on in the paper?
What also forecast a 15 percent probability of a quake measuring at least 6. 7 magnitude east of the eastern center of Ercinzan?
What do a quake changes crustal?
What increased stress in that region?
What have 11 quakes occurred at since 1939?
What struck a few miles south of Izmit?
What is the Ercinzan region far from?
What does it reinforce?
What might the devastating quake have been do guess?
What did Dieterich say in an interview Wednesday, ``The earthquake occurred right in this area''?
Who continued their frantic search for the living and their resigned digging for the dead?
What are down?
What did rescue workers and volunteers continue their frantic search for the living and their resigned digging for?
What have been turned off?
What did people in green surgical masks use to cut the misty darkness covered shapes on the ice?
Who tugged at her husband's arm?
What were many people in Izmit city and the province looking for the dead despite?
What did the tanks spew out into a sky so black with smoke that at midday the sun was blocked in this area just outside Izmit city?
What did turkish officials order millions of to sleep outside?
Who shuffled to the back entrance of the city's prized indoor skating rink?
What did officials say were coming under control?
Who said, ``after five days 50 percent's more a miracle than anything else if someone can be brought out alive''?
What died in the quake at Istanbul?
What have buried 1,000 bodies in a mass grave in one town east of Izmit, Sakarya?
Who was from the Swiss Disaster?
What spewed out flames into a sky so black with smoke that at midday the sun was blocked in this area just outside Izmit city?
What did the rubble mean no longer mattered if concrete blocks shifted wildly because nobody was left alive?
What collapsed?
What cries were monitored by rescue workers pressing their ears against the heavy sheets of concrete that blocked their access to the men?
What live at the province?
What seem insufficient to describe the changed state?
Who ordered millions of people still in their buildings to sleep outside?
What are only partly being restored?
What is wafting through the wreckage in scores of devastated areas?
What were many people in Izmit city and the province looking for despite the hope of life for Bayraktar's nephew and Bayram Bayraktar's friend?
Who said, ``After 36 hours the chances of someone surviving in the rubble drops by 50 percent''?
What meant it no longer mattered if concrete blocks shifted wildly because nobody was left alive?
What did officials say under?
What did Thursday drop on the tanks?
Where do some 1. 4 million people live?
What was recessed?
When dropped special chemicals on the tanks?
What did tens of thousands of terrified residents stream into to spend the night in Istanbul?
What did Thursday drop special chemicals on?
What did she tug at?
What do some 1. 4 million people live at?
What did rescue workers and volunteers continue for the dead?
What have authorities buried 1,000 bodies in a mass grave in?
What were rows of horizontal?
What was she part of?
What were Towns around Izmit's state-owned oil refinery Tupras evacuated because of?
What walked gingerly?
What has the country's stock market been shut since?
When did the tanks spew out flames into a sky so black with smoke that the sun was blocked in this area just outside Izmit city?
What did the tanks spew out flames into a sky so black with smoke that at midday the sun was blocked in this area just outside?
What used flashlights to cut the misty darkness covered shapes on the ice?
What would liquefied petroleum gas send poisonous chemicals into?
What was a long hose dropped into to try?
Where did Bayram Bayraktar stand anxiously?
What have been cut?
What have authorities buried in a mass grave in one town east of Izmit, Sakarya?
What did some 1,000 people die in the quake at?
What would liquefied petroleum gas send into the air?
Who said, ``after five days it's more a miracle than anything else if someone can be brought out alive''?
What streamed into parks to spend the night in Istanbul?
What are any place that offers temperatures cold enough to stop bodies from decaying being pressed into service with?
What did the tanks spew out flames into a sky so black with that at midday the sun was blocked in this area just outside Izmit city?
What did turkish officials order to sleep outside?
What were turkish officials worried about?
How many bodies have authorities buried in a mass grave in one town east of Izmit, Sakarya?
What was a long hose dropped into to bring water to the young men?
What were many people in Izmit city and the province looking for despite the hope of life for Bayraktar's nephew and his friend?
What was left alive?
What meant the sign no longer mattered if concrete blocks shifted wildly because nobody was left alive?
What did the tanks spew out flames into a sky so black with smoke that at midday the sun was blocked in just outside Izmit city?
Who stood anxiously at the edge of the collapsed building?
What was Ellinor Von Kauffungen from?
What did Bayram Bayraktar stand anxiously at?
Who was Relief organization?
What are being pressed into service with official morgues long filled?
When have authorities buried 1,000 bodies in one town east of Izmit, Sakarya?
What can cover the number of bodies being dug out of the rubble?
What was dropped into a hole to try?
What did officials say the fires were coming under?
Where did some 1,000 people die in the quake?
Where have authorities buried 1,000 bodies in a mass grave?
What was Ellinor Von Kauffungen?
Who looked for his nephew?
What were looking for the dead despite the hope of life for Bayraktar's nephew and Bayram Bayraktar's friend?
What is the odor of rotting flesh wafting through in scores of devastated areas?
What are any place that offers temperatures cold enough to stop bodies from decaying being pressed into with official morgues long filled?
Who were evacuated because of the fires that broke out in the oil storage tanks after the earthquake?
What were looking for the dead despite the hope of life for Bayraktar's nephew and his friend?
Who managed to say, ``now we have come to bury him, ``He died when our building collapsed''?
What were the misty darkness rows of?
What did tens of thousands of terrified residents stream into parks to spend the night in?
What would send poisonous chemicals into the air?
What was dropped into a hole to bring water to the young men?
What has been shut since the quake?
Who does the young men's weak cry were monitored by pressing their ears against the heavy sheets of concrete that blocked their access to the men?
What did some 1,000 people die in at Istanbul?
What did the tanks spew out flames into with smoke that at midday the sun was blocked in this area just outside Izmit city?
When did the tanks spew out flames into a sky so black with smoke?
What cannot even the makeshift morgues or the cemeteries working overtime cover the number of bodies being dug out of?
What is the odor of rotting flesh wafting through the wreckage in?
Whose arm did she tug at?
When did tens of thousands of terrified residents stream into parks to spend in Istanbul?
Who did IZMIT, Turkey _ Nuri Tekin look for?
What were the misty darkness?
Who said the fires were coming under control?
What cannot even the makeshift morgues or the cemeteries working overtime cover?
What was often a bulldozer pushing through the rubble?
What was the sign often?
How many people died in the quake at Istanbul?
Who were worried about the chance of dangerous aftershocks?
What were leveled?
How many morgues or the cemeteries working overtime can cover the number of bodies being dug out of the rubble?
What did IZMIT, Turkey _ Nuri Tekin shuffle to?
Where did the tanks spew out flames into a sky so black with smoke that at midday the sun was blocked just outside Izmit city?
What cannot even the makeshift morgues or the cemeteries working overtime cover the number of of the rubble?
Where did tens of thousands of terrified residents stream into parks to spend the night?
What was she?
What did families manage to save carefully arranged in the only place can now call home?
What did the rescue workers leave behind what rescue workers were certain were two corpses buried in the rubble?
What did Prime Minister Bulent Ecevit echo?
What did Hugh Parmer say ?
What has been scouring the crumbled building remains one by one?
What trailed off?
Who echoed Parmer's concern?
What do the rumble of?
Who was dressed in black?
What do we not need on site?
What was the rubble?
What did Daniel Bickham announce to, ``there's no real indication that there's anything down there _ families 're not going to stay here''?
What are relief workers also concerned about the possible spread of disease with?
When does her father's weak shout had been heard until about?
What was their heads?
When did international relief workers stand back from the rubble shaking?
Who turned toward the dozens of anxious Turks who were waiting across the street within a few minutes?
Who still have scream scream, ``With whatever strength''?
What do the foreign rescue team left a day earlier _ convinced?
Who said ``Richard Van Hazebrouck want to be sure''?
What managed to save carefully arranged in the only place they can now call home?
What will be a problem _ clean water?
What rumble of bulldozers ripping through concrete?
What did french rescue workers and Turkish volunteers stop working to huddle together in, straining to hear anything from their delicate microphones for 10 minues?
What has he been waiting at to appear?
Who did Hugh Parmer say ``want to be sure''?
Who are also concerned about the possible spread of disease with water pipes broken and electric lines down over a huge swath of Turkey's northeast?
What were forbidden to rescue workers while firefighters battled a blaze at the nation's biggest petroleum refinery for four days?
What have Cargo planes from all over the world brought in medical supplies, blankets, plastic sheeting and even field hospitals to help the living after?
What did Daniel Bickham announce to the crowd, ``there's no real indication that there's anything down''?
What did foreign search and rescue teams raise?
Who did families manage to save carefully arranged in the only place can now call home?
What has 26-year-old Ilkay Yildiz been waiting at to appear?
What was privacy?
What could crushed furniture convince 26-year-old Ilkay Yildiz?
Who stood back from the rubble shaking after a few minutes?
What raised hopes that others may have survived underneath the collapsed buildings?
What did an epidemiologist from the Centers for Disease Control in Atlanta fly into Friday to help assess health needs?
What managed to find at least three people Friday?
What did she speak outside in which staffers were preparing for an expected upsurge of infectious diseases?
When did they stand back from the rubble shaking?
What was Hugh Parmer assistant administrator of?
Who managed to save carefully arranged in the only place they can now call home?
Who are foreign engineers and architects expected to arrive in Turkey over the next few days to help decide which buildings must be knocked down because of heavy damage?
What did families manage to save carefully arranged in they can now call home?
What do authorities say could be the world's deadliest in nearly a decade?
When are foreign engineers and architects expected to arrive in Turkey to help officials decide which buildings must be knocked down because of heavy damage?
What stood back from the rubble shaking after a few minutes?
Who was Hugh Parmer?
What did families manage to save carefully arranged in the only place they can now call?
Where has he been waiting to appear?
What do authorities say Tuesday's 7. 4 magnitude quake could be?
What could be pulled from the wreckage?
Who was assistant administrator of the US Agency for International Development's humanitarian relief department?
What is the sound?
What ranged between 4. 3 and 4. 6 on the Richter scale?
What could the yellow-helmeted rescue workers do little for the relatives of a young woman and her father on?
Where are many people living out?
What will the water be?
How many aftershocks rocked the disaster zone Friday?
What did they stand back from shaking after a few minutes?
What are foreign engineers and architects expected to arrive in Turkey over the next few days to help officials decide?
What was dangled into the hole?
How many aftershocks ranged between 4. 3 and 4. 6 on the Richter scale?
Where has 26-year-old Ilkay Yildiz been waiting to appear?
Who announced to the crowd, ``there's no real indication that there's anything down there _ we 're not going to stay here''?
When did one of the rescue workers turn toward the dozens of anxious Turks who were waiting across the street?
What _ convinced the team to give it one more try?
What have brought in medical supplies, blankets, plastic sheeting and even field hospitals to help the living after Tuesday's 7. 4 magnitude quake?
What are foreign engineers and architects expected to arrive in Turkey over the next few days to help officials decide because of?
When were large swaths of Izmit forbidden to rescue workers while firefighters battled a blaze at the nation's biggest petroleum refinery?
What was international relief workers's heads?
When did an epidemiologist from the Centers for Disease Control in Atlanta fly into Turkey to help assess health needs?
Who said ``You want to be sure''?
Whose heads was the rubble?
Who left behind the anguished cries of onlookers?
What could convince 26-year-old Ilkay Yildiz that his 20-year-old fiance with the long brown hair and quick smile was dead?
What did one of the rescue workers turn toward within a few minutes?
What are relief workers also concerned about with water pipes broken and electric lines down over a huge swath of Turkey's northeast?
What are living out in the open?
Who is the second stage looking after?
Who said, ``They are overwhelmed''?
What did french rescue workers and Turkish volunteers stop working to huddle together in total silence, straining to hear anything from their delicate microphones for?
Who said, ``we are putting pressure to get some figures of what the Turkish authorities need for the survivors''?
What did Daniel Bickham announce to the crowd, ``there's no real indication that there's anything down there _''?
Who are worried that this is not enough to care for the hundreds of thousands of people who will never be able to go home?
What do we not need any more rescue teams on?
Who battled a blaze at the nation's biggest petroleum refinery?
What could more people be pulled from?
What did families manage to save carefully arranged in the only place?
What did an epidemiologist from the Centers for Disease Control in Atlanta fly into Turkey Friday to help assess?
Who did the rescue workers leave behind the anguished cries of?
What did international relief workers stand back from shaking after a few minutes?
Who are expected to arrive in Turkey over the next few days to help officials decide which can remain standing?
Who could the yellow-helmeted rescue workers do little for on the wreckage of what was once a six-story apartment building?
What are international relief workers worried for?
What was the only issue from for many of those who did manage to get out alive after the 45-second quake that destroyed so much?
Who could do little for the relatives of a young woman and her father on the wreckage of what was once a six-story apartment building?
Who was a UN humanitarian aid coordinator?
Who was Richard Van Hazebrouck?
What did firefighters battle at the nation's biggest petroleum refinery?
What did Daniel Bickham announce to, ``there's no real indication that there's anything down there _ we 're not going to stay here''?
What are clearly unsafe?
Who told reporters in Ankara, ``Perhaps the greatest problem now facing international relief workers is that of epidemic''?
Who left behind the anguished what rescue workers were certain were two corpses buried in the rubble?
What was the same scene where hundreds of families had lived before 3:04 a. m. Tuesday?
What did french rescue workers and Turkish volunteers stop working to huddle together in total silence, straining to hear from their delicate microphones for 10 minues?
What did they manage to save carefully arranged in the only place can now call home?
Who did the rescue workers leave behind the anguished of?
Who has been waiting at the edge of the rubble for Hacer Subasi to appear?
Who murmured, ``She is the most beautiful, wonderful girl in the world''?
Where did families manage to save carefully arranged they can now call home?
What is any sound?
What do the foreign rescue team left a day earlier _ convinced that there was?
Who spoke outside a tent in which staffers were preparing for an expected upsurge of infectious diseases?
What did the rescue workers leave behind the anguished?
What are foreign engineers and architects expected to arrive in over the next few days to help officials decide which can remain standing?
Where did they manage to save carefully arranged they can now call home?
What was it?
Who stopped working to huddle together in total silence, straining to hear anything from their delicate microphones for 10 minues?
Who announced to the crowd, ``there's no real indication that there's anything down there _ families 're not going to stay here''?
Who could crushed furniture convince that his 20-year-old fiance with the long brown hair and quick smile was dead?
What did they manage to save carefully arranged in the only place they can now call?
Who are foreign engineers and architects expected to arrive in Turkey over the next few days to help decide which can remain standing?
What did five aftershocks range on the Richter scale?
What are foreign engineers and architects expected to arrive in over the next few days to help officials decide which buildings must be knocked down because of heavy damage?
What did firefighters battle a blaze at?
What do the pleas of a young Turkish soldier _ who had heard some sounds just a few hours earlier _ convinced to give it one more try?
What do the ruins of the shattered houses there now conceal?
What did five aftershocks range between 4. 3 and 4. 6 on?
Where do we not need any more rescue teams?
Whose concern did Prime Minister Bulent Ecevit echo?
What was the only issue whether more people could be pulled from the wreckage for?
What did french rescue workers and Turkish volunteers stop working to huddle together in total silence, straining to hear anything from for 10 minues?
What shouts had been heard until about mid afternoon?
Who did Ecevit tell, ``Perhaps the greatest problem now facing us is that of epidemic''?
What are many people living out in?
What did they manage to save carefully arranged in the only place?
What did the rescue workers leave behind cries of onlookers?
What did they manage to save carefully arranged in they can now call home?
What was a sensitive microphone dangled into?
Who told reporters in Ankara, ``Perhaps the greatest problem now facing us is that of epidemic''?
Who are expected to arrive in Turkey over the next few days to help officials decide which buildings must be knocked down because of heavy damage?
What have Cargo planes from all over the world brought in to help the living after Tuesday's 7. 4 magnitude quake?
What was a 70-member American team that arrived on Wednesday in Izmit?
Who refuses to move?
Who said, ``they are completely concerned with the total number of dead''?
What you still have scream, ``With whatever strength''?
What will arrive?
What Richard Van Hazebrouck still have scream, ``With whatever strength''?
What _ convinced that the bulldozer started digging for corpses?
Who say Tuesday's 7. 4 magnitude quake could be the world's deadliest in nearly a decade?
What was heartbeats?
What rocked the disaster zone Friday?
Who cried?
Who finally walked away?
What was the few possessions?
Who do not need any more rescue teams on site?
When is looking after the survivors?
When are foreign engineers and architects expected to arrive in Turkey to help officials decide which can remain standing?
Who did they manage to save carefully arranged in the only place can now call home?
What there now conceal an unknown number of dead perhaps, injured?
Who said, ``They are not thinking of the next step''?
Who flew into Turkey Friday to help assess health needs?
Who were large swaths of Izmit forbidden to while firefighters battled a blaze at the nation's biggest petroleum refinery for four days?
What did foreign search and rescue teams manage to find Friday?
What was anything?
What _ convinced that there was nobody left to save _?
Who did Ecevit tell, ``Perhaps the greatest problem now facing international relief workers is that of epidemic''?
When did foreign search and rescue teams manage to find at least three people?
What do the foreign rescue team left a day earlier _ convinced that the bulldozer started?
What did Turkey _ On a stretch of grassy promenade in front of the Sea of Marmara, the Meckeli family has built?
What did Turkey match?
What were people?
What do Engineering experts warn that before construction starts, Turkey must put together stronger rules to ensure that buildings can withstand?
Who said, ``The employees contributed to officials's earnings over the years''?
What did Turkey _ On?
What killed more than 13,000 people?
What did he say ?
What also reflects the way in which nongovernmental groups have jumped in to help survivors while governmental efforts are still somewhat disorganized?
What do Engineering experts warn that before construction starts, Turkey must put together to ensure that buildings can withstand quakes in this temblor-prone region?
What have started caring for their displaced workers?
What was the government accused by?
What did the earthquake kill?
Who said, ``The employees contributed to our earnings over the years''?
What starts?
What is expected to push Turkey's economy this year into a gross domestic product loss, or ``negative growth?''
What did Turkey _ On a stretch of grassy promenade in front of the Sea of Marmara, the Meckeli family has built a living room of?
What was Roger Sullivan sent as to Turkey after the earthquake?
What is also expecting loans and grants to help it shoulder the burden of rehousing people?
What range from $4. 5 billion?
What can count on being recompensed for their losses?
Who are the Meckelis trying to hold on to a semblance of their old life while they wait for the government to help them build a new one like?
What was their real apartment made unlivable by?
When were people given constraints?
What do they wait for the government to help them build?
What does this also reflect in which nongovernmental groups have jumped in to help survivors while governmental efforts are still somewhat disorganized?
Who was a private company that exports to 100 countries?
Who said, ``Of course the human tragedy is foremost in people's mind''?
What is rare?
Who do the Meckelis wait for the government to help build a new one?
Who was the state minister and government spokesman?
What have Japan and the Netherlands promised to ensure that the homeless get out of tent camps by the start of winter?
Who have many factories in the Izmit area started caring for?
What is the association one of?
What is the association one of several groups trying to sue the government _ from Turkey's president to Istanbul officials _ for not ensuring to?
What is Turkey also expecting to help it shoulder the burden of restoring damaged infrastructure?
What have Japan and the Netherlands promised prefabricated housing to ensure of?
What does this make for businesses eager to get back to work?
What did officials say were preparing to break ground to build 80 housing units for workers who lost their homes at the Pakmaya yeast factory in Izmit?
How many people did the earthquake kill?
What is Turkey also expecting to help it shoulder the burden of rehousing people?
What did Turkey _ On a stretch of grassy promenade in front of the Sea of Marmara, has built a living room of sorts?
What do estimated costs to Turkey from the earthquake range from?
What are not waiting for help from the government?
Who was Ismail Meckeli?
What do the Meckelis wait for to help them build a new one?
What do business groups say should start bouncing back by the year 2001?
Who was sent as part of Washington's assistance program to Turkey after the earthquake?
What need repair?
What have Japan and the Netherlands promised prefabricated housing to ensure that the homeless get out of tent camps by?
What was Sukru Sina Gurel?
What have Japan and the Netherlands promised prefabricated housing to ensure that the homeless get out of by the start of winter?
What does this make sense for?
Who was chairman of TUSIAD?
What was Roger Sullivan sent as part of Washington's assistance program to after the earthquake?
Who said they were preparing to break ground to build 80 housing units for workers who lost their homes at the Pakmaya yeast factory in Izmit?
What is the association?
Where was a team of US engineering experts?
Who did he say ``think we also have to consider establishing some new residential areas''?
What is this?
Who did he say ``I think also have to consider establishing some new residential areas''?
What did he say ``I think we also have to consider establishing''?
What do many engineers say that lax building codes, and unscrupulous contractors and politicians, contributed to by allowing substandard buildings on fault lines?
Who are not required to carry insurance?
What do the Meckelis wait for the government to help build a new one?
What was Izmit?
What did officials say they were preparing to break ground to build 80 housing units for workers who lost their homes at?
What have other countries donated money and supplies to help get through the next few months?
When do business groups say the economy should start bouncing back?
What also might help survivors to get compensation?
What are still somewhat disorganized?
What are Water lines still down in?
When do business groups say?
What was permanently rehoused?
What do roads and bridges need?
What do Engineering experts warn?
Who wait for the government to help them build a new one?
What are still down in most of the quake-hit region?
What matched chairs and a small coffee table holding warm cans of soda?
What was Roger Sullivan sent as part of Washington's assistance program to Turkey after?
Who said, ``From an engineering standpoint it's easier to knock down a building and start again than try and reinforce''?
What set up their own tent camps?
When have other countries donated money and supplies to help people get?
What might the lawsuits also help survivors to get?
What was Erkut Yucaoglu chairman of?
Who might the lawsuits also help to get compensation?
Who say that lax building codes, and unscrupulous contractors and politicians, contributed to the disaster by allowing substandard buildings on fault lines?
What do many engineers say to?
What are some groups not waiting for?
What is also expecting loans and grants to help it shoulder the burden of restoring damaged infrastructure?
What do they wait for to help them build a new one?
What did officials say at the Pakmaya yeast factory in Izmit?
Where were some places perhaps built?
What did a state minister and government spokesman say last week to?
When are officials struggling to come up with a plan to provide housing for quake survivors who often lost everything?
What did he say ``I think''?
What do Engineering experts warn that before construction starts, Turkey must put together stronger rules to ensure?
What are contractors not required to carry?
Who said ``I think we also have to consider establishing some new residential areas''?
What was accused by many of being slow to react after the earthquake?
What does it also reflect in which nongovernmental groups have jumped in to help survivors while governmental efforts are still somewhat disorganized?
What have promised prefabricated housing to ensure that the homeless get out of tent camps by the start of winter?
What were given constraints of time and money?
What _ On a stretch of grassy promenade in front of the Sea of Marmara, the Meckeli family has built a living room of sorts?
What did Turkey _ On, the Meckeli family has built a living room of sorts?
What was made unlivable by the earthquake that devastated a huge part of Turkey's industrialized region?
Who was Tuncay Yurdesin?
Who was a married factory worker with two sons?
What was in the region surveying the damage to make recommendations on how Turkey can house people?
Who warn that before construction starts, Turkey must put together stronger rules to ensure that buildings can withstand quakes in this temblor-prone region?
Who was the country's main industrialists ' association?
Who was factory manager?
What was a team of US engineering experts in?
What were perhaps built on areas that are too prone to serious earthquake damage?
Who said, ``now it's our turn to share these gains with our workers''?
What say the economy should start bouncing back by the year 2001?
Who do they wait for the government to help build a new one?
What was chairs and a small coffee table holding warm cans of soda's real apartment made unlivable by?
What have other countries donated to help people get through the next few months?
What wait for the government to help them build a new one?
Who said, ``it's tough to tell people that you 're going to wipe out their structure where all their savings went''?
What do they wait for the government to help build a new one?
What was chairman of TUSIAD?
What are officials struggling to come up with almost two weeks after the earthquake?
What have donated money and supplies to help people get through the next few months?
Who did officials say were preparing to break ground to build 80 housing units for workers who lost their homes at the Pakmaya yeast factory in Izmit?
What did he say, ``it's tough to tell people where all their savings went''?
Who are struggling to come up with a plan to provide housing for quake survivors who often lost everything almost two weeks after the earthquake?
What were some places perhaps built on?
What makes sense for businesses eager to get back to work?
What do many factories in the Izmit area set up?
What do the Meckelis wait for the government to help them build?
Who was Erkut Yucaoglu?
What is a temporary measure?
What said their greatest need now was housing?
What did a 30-year-old man begin building the Bahcekent complex in about six years ago?
Who do not understand why I 'm being made a scapegoat?
Who left Golcuk after a tour of the devastated area?
Where will she be on a tour of Middle Eastern capitals?
What did IZMIT A strong tremor shake already devastated on Tuesday?
Who hates it when the ground shakes?
What did prosecutors issue warrants for?
Who was a carpenter in Golcuk who lost his home in the earlier quake?
What do I 've seen?
What did the architect tell me?
Who was fleeing a building that had been weakened in the Aug. 17 quake?
What did the local governor send aides into to urge residents not to panic?
Who remember visiting my first construction site?
What did she add to her itinerary at the last moment?
What was Golcuk a town on the Sea of that was one of the hardest hit by the Aug. 17 quake?
Who was Fred Stolaski?
What did a 30-year-old man study literature in?
What was he fleeing?
What will she be in on a tour of Middle Eastern capitals?
Who broke his leg in the town of Adapazari when he jumped from the third floor of a swaying building?
What did I study in school?
Who added Turkey to her itinerary at the last moment?
What killed more than 14,000 people?
What did seismologists with the U. S. Geological Survey put at 5. 4 for Tuesday's initial tremor and 4. 7 for the aftershock?
Who put the strength slightly higher at 5. 4 for Tuesday's initial tremor and 4. 7 for the aftershock?
What did the architect tell a 30-year-old man was completely normal?
Who did the architect tell beach sand was completely normal?
When has Secretary of State Madeleine Albright announced?
What did IZMIT A strong tremor bring crashing down?
Who saw workers using beach sand to make concrete?
Who was J. Brady Anderson?
Who said, ``a 30-year-old man 've never seen reinforcing rods that are completely smooth like the ones I saw here''?
What was Golcuk?
What did several survivors living in tents express?
What did Tuesday's tremor send people racing away from in Golcuk?
What are homeless as a result of that quake?
What were 166 people admitted to after being hit by debris?
When does the weather in this part of Turkey usually turn cold?
How many contractors were engineers and building owners?
What were charged with using low-quality concrete, weak reinforcing rods and shoddy construction techniques that led to the fatal collapses of their buildings in the Aug. 17 quake?
What are many homeless families living in?
What did I give the order to stop doing?
Who were engineers and building owners?
Who gave the order to stop doing such a disgusting thing?
What did J. Brady Anderson leave Golcuk after?
What did Gucer build in the seaside town of Yalova in which several hundred people are believed to have perished?
Who said, ``a 30-year-old man 've been a construction engineer for 30 years''?
What did the principal observatory in Istanbul say measured 5. 2 on the commonly used scale of magnitude?
What expressed gratitude for the American relief aid?
Where did Gucer build a large apartment complex in which several hundred people are believed to have perished?
What brought several buildings causing at least one death?
What is Istanbul?
How many people did the shattering earthquake of Aug. 17 kill?
What were admitted to hospitals and clinics after being hit by debris?
Who said, ``I 've never seen reinforcing rods that are completely smooth like the ones I saw here''?
What did she add Turkey to at the last moment?
What did a 30-year-old man not know much about?
What did they express?
Who will be in the region on a tour of Middle Eastern capitals?
What shook the Earth back and forth for about 10 seconds?
What did a man break in the town of Adapazari when he jumped from the third floor of a swaying building?
What did several survivors living in tents say now was housing?
What did Gucer build a large apartment complex in in which several hundred people are believed to have perished?
Who has Secretary of State Madeleine Albright announced that she will visit on Sunday?
What was Turkey _?
What was IZMIT?
What brought several buildings crashing down?
What usually turns cold around mid-October?
What did the architect tell me was completely normal?
What did the architect tell a 30-year-old man?
What did they say their greatest need now was?
Who expressed gratitude for the American relief aid?
What shook in one of the few schools where the academic year had already begun?
Who was a town on the Sea of Marmara that was one of the hardest hit by the Aug. 17 quake?
Who do a 30-year-old man 'm?
Who did a 30-year-old man see using beach sand to make concrete?
What do a 30-year-old man hate when the ground shakes?
Who was killed when masonry fell on him as he was fleeing a building that had been weakened in the Aug. 17 quake?
What did the principal observatory in Istanbul say on?
Who is the poet?
Who 'mes a poet?
What did the shattering earthquake of Aug. 17 kill?
How many miles from the apparent epicenter near Izmit is Istanbul?
What was it to hit the area since the shattering earthquake of Aug. 17?
Who began building the Bahcekent complex in Yalova about six years ago?
Who is a structural engineer?
Who sent aides into the streets with loudspeakers to urge residents not to panic?
What was J. Brady Anderson administrator of?
Who remembers visiting my first construction site?
Who did not know much about the business?
What did Tuesday's tremor strike shortly after?
What did I ask about?
What did the principal observatory in Istanbul say?
What said the aftershock measured 4. 6?
What was Veli Gucer?
What did a 30-year-old man begin building in Yalova about six years ago?
Where did a man break his leg when he jumped from the third floor of a swaying building?
Where did she add Turkey at the last moment?
What is about 65 miles from the apparent epicenter near Izmit?
What was the main effect psychological in?
Who issued warrants for the arrest of 33 contractors?
What did a 30-year-old man ask about?
What did Tuesday's tremor send racing away from blocks of already weakened buildings in Golcuk?
What shook?
Who was Yusuf Ozkul?
What did IZMIT A strong tremor bring several buildings causing?
What did a 30-year-old man see workers using to make concrete?
Who did the local governor send into the streets with loudspeakers to urge residents not to panic?
What did a man break his leg in when he jumped from the third floor of a swaying building?
Who has announced that she will visit Turkey on Sunday?
What did they say?
What was also felt in some parts of Istanbul?
What did I not know much about?
What did J. Brady Anderson leave after a tour of the devastated area?
Who said, ``I 've been a construction engineer for 30 years''?
What sent people racing away from blocks of already weakened buildings in Golcuk?
Who asked about beach sand?
When did IZMIT A strong tremor shake already devastated towns in northwestern Turkey?
Who were charged with using low-quality concrete, weak reinforcing rods and shoddy construction techniques that led to the fatal collapses of their buildings in the Aug. 17 quake?
Who was quoted as saying, ``There's no reason for me to have a guilty conscience''?
What did the principal observatory in Istanbul say the first tremor measured 5. 2 on?
Who built a large apartment complex in the seaside town of Yalova in which several hundred people are believed to have perished?
What did a 30-year-old man give the order to stop doing?
Who did he chat with?
What was IZMIT, Turkey _ A strong tremor to hit the area since the shattering earthquake of Aug. 17?
Who did I see using beach sand to make concrete?
What did Tuesday's tremor shake back and forth for about 10 seconds?
What did the Aug. 17 quake have?
What did I begin building in Yalova about six years ago?
What did I see workers using to make concrete?
What was a 30-year-old man fleeing?
Who spoke from an undisclosed location?
What did seismologists with the U. S. Geological Survey put the strength slightly higher at 5. 4 for for the aftershock?
Who did the local governor send aides into the streets with loudspeakers to urge not to panic?
What did the principal observatory in Istanbul say the aftershock measured?
What gave a telephone interview to the German newspaper Bild am Sonntag?
How many buildings were reported to have collapsed?
What did I give to stop doing such a disgusting thing?
What did Tuesday's tremor send people racing away from blocks of already weakened buildings in?
What did they say now was housing?
Who was administrator of the U. S. Agency for International Development?
When did she add Turkey to her itinerary?
What do I remember visiting?
Who asked about it?
Who hate the main effect when the ground shakes?
What did several survivors living in tents say their greatest need now was?
Who said their greatest need now was housing?
Who did the architect tell it was completely normal?
Who was a carpenter in Golcuk who is now living in a tent beside the Sea of Marmara?
When has Secretary of State Madeleine Albright announced that she will visit Turkey?
What do a 30-year-old man remember visiting?
What were reported to have collapsed?
What was Tuesday's tremor also felt in?
What did dishes rattled in some homes, and desks shake in?
What did prosecutors issue for the arrest of 33 contractors?
Who was a relief worker from Florida?
What had a magnitude measured at 7. 4?
What fell?
What did the principal observatory in Istanbul say measured 4. 6?
What was the strongest tremor to hit the area since the shattering earthquake of Aug. 17?
Who were 33 contractors?
What did I begin building the Bahcekent complex in about six years ago?
How many people were admitted to hospitals and clinics after being hit by debris?
When did Tuesday's tremor shake the Earth back and forth?
Where was the main effect psychological?
What struck shortly after 11 a. m.?
Who did a 30-year-old man chat with?
Who told a 30-year-old man beach sand was completely normal?
What are still missing?
What did a 30-year-old man study in school?
Who 'm a poet?
What did seismologists with the U. S. Geological Survey put the strength slightly higher at 5. 4 for Tuesday's initial tremor and 4. 7 for?
What did IZMIT A strong tremor bring causing at least one death?
What did the principal observatory in Istanbul say the first tremor measured on the commonly used scale of magnitude?
What did seismologists with the U. S. Geological Survey put the strength slightly higher at for Tuesday's initial tremor and 4. 7 for the aftershock?
What did Gucer speak from?
Who does not understand why I 'm being made a scapegoat?
Who studied literature in school?
What was Tuesday's tremor followed by about 20 minutes later?
What do a 30-year-old man 've seen?
What do I hate when the ground shakes?
Who 've seen what these things can do?
What said the first tremor measured 5. 2 on the commonly used scale of magnitude?
What are hundreds of thousands homeless as?
What did several survivors living in tents say?
What did a 30-year-old man give to stop doing such a disgusting thing?
What will she be in the region on?
What was followed by an aftershock about 20 minutes later?
Who 'ves seen what these things can do?
What was already finished by then?
What are living in tents and railway boxcars?
What was psychological in Istanbul?
Who chatted with several survivors living in tents?
What did I study literature in?
Who do I 'm?
Who told me it was completely normal?
What shook already devastated towns in northwestern Turkey on Tuesday?
What did an Istanbul observatory report that the quake registered 5. 8 on?
What did Ecevit say, ``I hope as''?
When killed more than 100 people?
What did it cause to collapse?
Who had criticized him for not responding quickly when the big quake struck last month?
Who is especially those in the devastated areas?
Who did some parents say would keep children at home indefinitely?
What continue to shake the political landscape here?
What has riveted the attention of the nation?
What did the willingness of people to jump from buildings at the first sign of a tremor reflect that many Turks feel?
What were towns near the reported epicenter of the tremor?
Who said, ``I hope they will not be as violent as the one today''?
What did some parents say they would keep children at indefinitely?
What caused dozens of buildings to collapse?
What did turkish television stations show racing through the streets of Izmit and Adapazari?
What did a new report by the country's largest business federation say?
What was felt in Turkey's three biggest cities _ Istanbul, Ankara and Izmir _ which are separated by hundreds of miles?
What do ISTANBUL _ died Monday?
What did a new report by the country's largest business federation say the economic cost may exceed?
When was Monday?
What were the three cities devastated by?
What do seismologists say can be classified as quakes in their own right?
How many cities were devastated by the Aug. 17 quake?
What did an Istanbul observatory send?
What shook the country's industrial heartland?
What did she rush from her home in?
What struck neighboring Greece?
Who have seen the damage a quake can do?
What do seismic movements in Turkey over recent weeks, and the government's widely perceived failure to respond to them, continue to shake here?
What is many Turks?
What did Prime Minister Bulent Ecevit order schools in the affected areas closed until?
What did a quake kill?
What reflected the new sense of vulnerability that many Turks feel?
What do seismologists say some can be classified as?
What move closer together?
Who had many Turks criticized for not responding quickly when the big quake struck last month?
What reported that the quake registered 5. 8 on the Richter scale?
What did the willingness of people to run reflect the new sense of that many Turks feel?
What made an accurate assessment of damage difficult?
How many people did last week kill?
Who said they would keep children at home indefinitely?
What did Prime Minister Bulent Ecevit order closed until further notice?
What do most say?
What did Ecevit also send a team of government officials to survey the damage by?
What came in mid-afternoon?
What were injured?
What did the willingness of people to run reflect the new sense of vulnerability?
What did it say may exceed $15 billion?
What did the Aug. 17 quake shake?
What did the willingness of people to jump from buildings at the first sign of a tremor reflect the new sense of that many Turks feel?
What killed more than 100 people?
What did an Istanbul observatory send thousands of?
Who say some can be classified as quakes in their own right?
Who did some parents say they would keep at home indefinitely?
What sent thousands of people racing from dozens of buildings's homes?
Who did Ecevit also send a team of to survey the damage by helicopter?
What did last week kill?
What describes that quake as ``the biggest one of the 20th century affecting a large, populated industrialized area?''
What were devastated by the Aug. 17 quake?
Who are evidently unwilling to take chances?
What is Turkey?
When was the first day of the school year for most Turkish children?
Who were crushed by debris near Izmit?
What did Ecevit also send a team of government officials to survey by helicopter?
What did it send thousands of?
Who died of a heart attack as she rushed from her home in Adapazari?
Who said, ``I hope these aftershocks will not be as violent as the one today''?
How many others were crushed by debris near Izmit?
What showed ambulances racing through the streets of Izmit and Adapazari?
What were the streets of Izmit and Adapazari?
What were reported to have collapsed in all three cities?
Who rushed from her home in Adapazari?
When have seismologists warned?
What had the index dropped?
What did the willingness of people to run reflect that many Turks feel?
What do most say there is anytime soon?
What did other scenes show?
Who also felt the tremor?
What did some parents say would keep children at home indefinitely?
Who also sent a team of government officials to survey the damage by helicopter?
What quickly began to fall?
What were three others crushed by?
What did Prime Minister Bulent Ecevit order until?
What have seismologists warned that aftershocks and tremors may shake for months and possibly years?
Who have warned that aftershocks and tremors may shake Turkey for months and possibly years?
What do seismologists say as?
What do seismic movements in Turkey over recent weeks, and the government's widely perceived failure to respond to the government, continue to shake here?
Who said, ``These aftershocks have created panic''?
What did domestic and international telephone service make difficult?
What have many Turks seen?
What did it say?
What have given Greeks and Turks a sense of shared destiny that is having important political implications as the countries ' governments move closer together?
Who ordered schools in the affected areas closed until further notice?
What said the economic cost may exceed $15 billion?
What had dropped more than 2 percent?
What does a new report by the country's largest business federation describe that quake as?''
What is ISTANBUL?
When was Monday the first day?
Who had criticized Prime Minister Bulent Ecevit for not responding quickly when the big quake struck last month?
When do ISTANBUL _ At least seven people died?
What did an Istanbul observatory report that the quake registered on the Richter scale?
How many people do ISTANBUL _ died Monday?
When have seismologists warned that aftershocks and tremors may shake Turkey?
What gathered in streets and in parks?
What did a quake strike?
What did domestic and international telephone service make an accurate assessment of difficult?
What did a woman die of as she rushed from her home in Adapazari?
What did she rush from in Adapazari?
What did it say the economic cost may exceed?
What were three of those killed Monday driving through Golcuk when a building fell onto their vehicle?
What sent thousands of people racing from their homes?
What showed people running through the streets of Golcuk?
How many people did a quake kill?
What did some parents say at?
What was domestic and international telephone service disrupted in?
What do most say there is little chance of anytime soon?
What did traders at the Istanbul stock exchange also feel?
What did Ecevit also send to survey the damage by helicopter?
What did a new report by the country's largest business federation say may exceed $15 billion?
What were driving a car through Golcuk when a building fell onto their vehicle?
What _ At least seven people died Monday?
What do ISTANBUL _?
What was the tremor felt in Turkey's three biggest cities?
What did an Istanbul observatory cause to collapse?
What was suspended?
What say there is little chance of another major disaster anytime soon?
What was disrupted in much of the region?
What was the tremor felt in _ Istanbul, Ankara and Izmir _ which are separated by hundreds of miles?
What did an Istanbul observatory report on?
What did it send?
Who were three of those killed Monday driving a car through when a building fell onto their vehicle?
What remain homeless after surviving the Aug. 17 quake?
What did the willingness of people to jump from buildings at the first sign of a tremor reflect the new sense of vulnerability?
What did a strong earthquake rock early in the day?
When did turkish news reports say mid Tuesday ANKARA have jolted western Turkey after a strong earthquake rocked the area early in the day?
What did turkish news reports say mid Tuesday ANKARA have jolted in the past several hours after a strong earthquake rocked the area early in the day?
How many people have been confirmed dead?
Where have turkish President Suleyman Demirel, Prime Minister Bulent Ecevit and Interior Minister Saadettin Tantan arrived to inspect the situation?
When did turkish news reports say ANKARA have jolted western Turkey in the past several hours after a strong earthquake rocked the area early in the day?
What occurred at 12:02 local time?
What have turkish President Suleyman Demirel, Prime Minister Bulent Ecevit and Interior Minister Saadettin Tantan arrived at the sites to inspect?
What are people driving cars to flee?
When did a strong earthquake rock the area early?
What did the Anatolia News Agency report were measured at over four degrees on the Richter scale?
What are people driving to flee the area?
Where did turkish media reports say Israel and Germany have announced to dispatch aid groups?
How many aftershocks did the Anatolia News Agency report were measured at over four degrees on the Richter scale?
What have rocketed along the highways near the quake-stricken area as people are driving cars to flee the area?
What are the rescue workers continuing through piles of rubble of the collapsed buildings in the tremor-hit cities in search for survivors and the bodies of the dead?
What were the aftershocks with?
When was ANKARA?
What has announced to send a 120-staff rescue group of medical workers and German?
When did the most powerful one of the aftershocks occur?
What reported another three aftershocks were measured at over four degrees on the Richter scale?
Who has Israel announced to send a 120-staff rescue group of?
What rocked the area early in the day?
What did turkish media reports say have announced to dispatch aid groups to the quake-stricken areas?
What were with a magnitude of five degrees?
What is the epicenter located at about 70 kilometers southeast in?
What did the Anatolia News Agency report another three aftershocks were measured at on the Richter scale?
What is the epicenter located at in north-western Turkey?
Who have arrived at the sites to inspect the situation?
What has Israel announced to send?
What said Israel and Germany have announced to dispatch aid groups to the quake-stricken areas?
What did turkish news reports say mid Tuesday have jolted western Turkey in the past several hours after a strong earthquake rocked the area early in the day?
What am?
What did turkish media reports say Israel and Germany have announced to dispatch to the quake-stricken areas?
Who are continuing sifting through piles of rubble of the collapsed buildings in the tremor-hit cities in search for survivors and the bodies of the dead?
What are the rescue workers continuing sifting through?
What did turkish media reports say Israel and Germany have announced to dispatch aid groups to?
What is located at about 70 kilometers southeast in north-western Turkey?
What did the Anatolia News Agency report another three aftershocks were measured at over four degrees on?
What said mid Tuesday ANKARA have jolted western Turkey in the past several hours after a strong earthquake rocked the area early in the day?
What have turkish President Suleyman Demirel, Prime Minister Bulent Ecevit and Interior Minister Saadettin Tantan arrived at to inspect the situation?
What have been confirmed dead?
What was August 17-- Some 27 aftershocks?
What have traffic jams and accidents rocketed along as people are driving cars to flee the area?
What are driving cars to flee the area?
What did David Leavy say Shelton had offered from U. S. bases there?
What did President Bill Clinton say Chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff Gen. Henry Shelton was in Ankara for?
What did President Bill Clinton say he offered?
What has military facilities in several parts of Turkey?
Who said Shelton had offered helicopters, tents and blankets from U. S. bases there?
When was WASHINGTON?
What was August 17-- The United States?
What does the United States have?
What did David Leavy say Shelton had offered helicopters, tents and blankets from?
What did Assistant Secretary of State for Europe Marc Grossman say for?
Who said another team of eight disaster experts was being sent to Istanbul to help the Turkish authorities coordinate rescue work?
Who did President Bill Clinton say offered military support for recovery efforts?
What did WASHINGTON offer help to Turkey on Tuesday after a severe earthquake there killed hundreds of?
What was the worst-hit city?
What did President Bill Clinton say in?
Who did President Bill Clinton say was in Ankara for military meetings?
Who said Chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff Gen. Henry Shelton offered military support for recovery efforts?
What was Izmit?
Who did WASHINGTON offer help to on Tuesday after a severe earthquake there killed hundreds of people?
Who did David Leavy say had offered helicopters, tents and blankets from U. S. bases there?
Where did President Bill Clinton say Chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff Gen. Henry Shelton was for military meetings?
What did Grossman say another team of eight disaster experts was being sent to to help the Turkish authorities coordinate rescue work?
What was Shelton in when the earthquake took place last night?
Who was in Turkey when the earthquake took place last night?
What did President Bill Clinton say?
Where did President Bill Clinton say?
What did WASHINGTON offer help to Turkey on Tuesday after a severe earthquake?
Who was southeast of Istanbul?
What did WASHINGTON offer to Turkey on Tuesday after a severe earthquake there killed hundreds of people?
What was Izmit southeast of?
What did President Bill Clinton say Chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff Gen. Henry Shelton was in for military meetings?
What did Assistant Secretary of State for Europe Marc Grossman say was expected to leave for the worst-hit city?
What did President Bill Clinton say Chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff Gen. Henry Shelton offered?
Who said he offered military support for recovery efforts?
What offered help to Turkey on Tuesday after a severe earthquake there killed hundreds of people?
Who said Chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff Gen. Henry Shelton was in Ankara for military meetings?
Where did Grossman say another team of eight disaster experts was being sent to help the Turkish authorities coordinate rescue work?
What did WASHINGTON offer help to Turkey on Tuesday after there killed hundreds of people?
What did David Leavy say from?
What did WASHINGTON offer help to Turkey on Tuesday after a severe earthquake there killed?
What did Grossman say was being sent to Istanbul to help the Turkish authorities coordinate rescue work?
When did WASHINGTON offer help to Turkey after a severe earthquake there killed hundreds of people?
Who said a 70-member search-and-rescue team was expected to leave for the worst-hit city?
What were killed?
What measured 7. 4 on the open-ended Richter scale?
When did the earthquake hit Turkey at 3:02 a. m.?
What did the earthquake measure on the open-ended Richter scale?
How many seconds did the earthquake last when people were sleeping in bed?
When was ANKARA?
What said early Friday?
What did the quake hit?
What lasted some 45 seconds when people were sleeping in bed?
When did the earthquake last when people were sleeping in bed?
Who did the earthquake hit at 3:02 a. m. on Tuesday?
What did the earthquake measure 7. 4 on?
When did the government crisis center say?
How many people were killed?
What did the quake hit the northwestern part of?
What hit Turkey at 3:02 a. m. on Tuesday?
What did the earthquake hit Turkey at on Tuesday?
What hit the northwestern part of the country?
What was August 20-- The death toll from the powerful earthquake in Turkey?
What has the Turkish government made for providing aid for the quake-hit areas?
What is caused by Tuesday's earthquake?
Who said the tremor also caused a loss of 15 billion dollars in the industrial production and bases in the stricken regions, and for trade economy?
How many people have been killed?
What are people estimated to be still trapped in the ruins of the destroyed buildings and houses in over 10,000?
What quoted the experts as saying that the economic loss caused by the killer earthquake also accounts for half of Turkey's domestic debt of 40 billion dollars?
What did the experts say the tremor also caused?
How many dollars did the experts say that the fire in the Izmit Refinery of the Turkish Petrol Company has cost?
When is ISTANBUL?
What is the fire caused by?
What did the experts say that the fire in the Izmit Refinery of the Turkish Petrol Company has cost?
What has the fire been taken under control with?
What was about 110 kilometers southeast of Istanbul?
What has made an urgent call for providing aid for the quake-hit areas?
What are active in donating money and materials for the victims?
What did the experts say?
What did the experts say also caused a loss of 15 billion dollars in the industrial production and bases in the stricken regions, and for trade economy?
What has been taken under control with the help of foreign rescue experts?
What has the fire been taken under with the help of foreign rescue experts?
What did the experts say the tremor also caused a loss of?
Who said that the fire in the Izmit Refinery of the Turkish Petrol Company has cost at least 5 billion dollars?
What is August 21-- Turkish monster earthquake measuring 7. 4 on the Richter scale?
What have been killed?
What did local private NTV Saturday quote the experts as saying for?
What was the Turkish Petrol Company about 110 kilometers southeast of?
Where are people estimated to be still trapped in the ruins of the destroyed buildings and houses over 10,000?
What was the Turkish Petrol Company?
What was Istanbul?
How many tons of the crude oil did Alakoc add that the fire has burnt in the Turkey's largest oil refinery?
What was the Izmit Refinery?
Who added that the fire has burnt 250,000 tons of the crude oil in the Turkey's largest oil refinery?
What was the Izmit Refinery about 110 kilometers southeast of?
What was Ismail Alakoc the chairman of?
What did the Izmit Refinery stop supplying petrol to?
What did Alakoc add that the fire has burnt in the Turkey's largest oil refinery?
What did a Turkish official say on Saturday ISTANBUL has been under control after?
What have Germany, Azerbaijan, Greece, France, the Netherlands, Kazakistan, Ukraine and Russia been participating in?
What did a Turkish official say on Saturday has been under control after the strong efforts made by foreign rescue experts?
Whose largest oil refinery did Alakoc add that the fire has burnt 250,000 tons of the crude oil in?
Where did the Izmit Refinery stop supplying petrol?
What dropped special chemical foam to control the flames in the Izmit Refinery?
What did Alakoc add that the fire has burnt 250,000 tons of the crude oil in?
Who did Ismail Alakoc say are expected to make research for the pollution caused by the burning?
What did the fire fighting aircraft drop to control the flames in the Izmit Refinery?
Who have been lining up for filling LPG as the Izmit Refinery stopped supplying petrol to the city?
What did the fire fighting aircraft drop special chemical foam to control?
What has the Turkish government made an urgent appeal for delivering crude oil to Turkey to?
Whose largest oil refinery did Alakoc add in?
What have been participating in the fight against the blaze that threatened to engulf the entire field of 30 storage tanks containing 1 million tons of crude oil?
What has made an urgent appeal for delivering crude oil to Turkey due to the devastating fire?
What did the Izmit Refinery stop supplying to the city?
What did a Turkish official say on Saturday ISTANBUL has been under after the strong efforts made by foreign rescue experts?
What did Ismail Alakoc say turkish experts are expected to make for the pollution caused by the burning?
When did a Turkish official say ISTANBUL has been under control after the strong efforts made by foreign rescue experts?
What has the Turkish government made for delivering crude oil to Turkey due to the devastating fire?
What did Alakoc add in?
What did turkish private NTV quote Ismail Alakoc as saying under?
What has the burning spread to large areas around?
What stopped supplying petrol to the city?
What did he say turkish experts are expected to make for the pollution caused by the burning?
What was about 110 kilometers southeast of Istanbul?
What was the largest city of Turkey?
When was ISTANBUL?
What did Ismail Alakoc say turkish experts are expected to make research for?
What has spread to large areas around the Izmit Refinery?
What was Istanbul the largest city of?
Who was Ismail Alakoc?
What did Alakoc add that the fire has burnt 250,000 tons of in the Turkey's largest oil refinery?
What did he say turkish experts are expected to make research for?
Who said on Saturday ISTANBUL has been under control after the strong efforts made by foreign rescue experts?
Who was the chairman of the boarding committee of Turkish Petrol Refineries Company?
Who did he say are expected to make research for the pollution caused by the burning?
What was August 21-- Blaze in a refinery in western Turkey?
What has the burning spread to around the Izmit Refinery?
Where has the burning spread around the Izmit Refinery?
Who said turkish experts are expected to make research for the pollution caused by the burning?
What have put direct economic loss of the quake at between 20 and 40 billion U. S. dollars?
Who posted the highest casualty as 5,179 bodies had been discovered?
What did the massive quake rock heavily-populated northwest Turkish provinces near the Marmara Sea at Tuesday?
What had been discovered?
How many bodies had been discovered?
What were still going on?
What was with a magnitude of 7. 4 degrees on the Richter scale?
What is dozens of which registered at four degrees or above?
What rocked heavily-populated northwest Turkish provinces near the Marmara Sea at 3:02 a. m. Tuesday?
How many people were injured?
What is the region?
What have preliminary estimates put direct economic loss of at between 20 and 40 billion U. S. dollars?
Who posted the highest casualty as 14,718 people were injured?
Who did Kocaeli province post as 5,179 bodies had been discovered?
What have preliminary estimates put direct economic loss of the quake at?
Who did Kocaeli province post as 14,718 people were injured?
What have preliminary estimates put at between 20 and 40 billion U. S. dollars?
What were injured?
What was the massive quake with?
What did the agency quote officials of Bogazici University Kandilli Observatory as saying as?
What was Istanbul?
When did the aftershock occur?
What was the epicenter of the aftershock about 130 kilometers about east of Istanbul Over?
What did the quake happen in?
What has killed over 12,000 people?
Who did the semi-official Anatolia News Agency report ANKARA struck on Sunday?
Who did the quake hit in the early hours of August 17?
What was the largest city of Turkey?
What was August 22-- Another strong earthquake with a magnitude of 5. 0?
What occurred at 17:30 local time?
What was Istanbul the largest city of?
What has the massive quake killed over?
Who has the massive quake injured over since then?
When was ANKARA?
What has injured over 33,000 others in the region since then?
Who did the agency quote as saying that the quake was confimed as an aftershock following the devastating earthquake measuring 7. 4 on the Richter scale on August 17?
When did the semi-official Anatolia News Agency report ANKARA struck western Turkey?
When did the quake hit western Turkey?
What did the semi-official Anatolia News Agency report struck western Turkey on Sunday?
What happened in Sakarya?
What reported ANKARA struck western Turkey on Sunday?
What have been reported?
What hit western Turkey in the early hours of August 17?
What are turkish experts expected to make research about?
Who said the blaze in the refinery was brought under control on Friday?
When did he say only one storage tank was burning?
What added that one chimney in the refinery had collapsed?
What hit the western Turkey?
What was Ismail Alakoc the chairman of?
What did Germany, Azerbaijan, Greece, France, the Netherlands, Kazakistan, Ukraine and Russia participate in?
What did Kocaeli say was burning at that time?
What is Kocaeli after the monster quake hit the western Turkey?
When did he say the blaze in the refinery was brought under control?
What did a Turkish official say on Sunday ANKARA has been put out?
Who is the most seriously devastated province after the monster quake hit the western Turkey?
What did he say the blaze in the refinery was brought under on Friday?
What did he say under?
What did Kocaeli say?
When was ANKARA?
Who said only one storage tank was burning at that time?
What was August 22-- Blaze in a refinery in western Turkey?
What did he say was brought under control on Friday?
When did Kocaeli say the blaze in the refinery was brought under control?
What did he say was burning at that time?
What did Kocaeli say under?
When did Kocaeli say?
What did the monster quake hit?
What did he say had destroyed seven storage tanks and damaged two other ones in the refinery which held 30 storage tanks containing 1 million tons of crude oil?
What did Kocaeli say had destroyed seven storage tanks and damaged two other ones in the refinery which held 30 storage tanks containing 1 million tons of crude oil?
What has the burning spread to large areas around?
What did Kocaeli say was brought under control on Friday?
What has spread to large areas around the Izmit Refinery?
What are turkish experts expected to make about the pollution caused by the burning?
Who was Ismail Alakoc?
What did Kocaeli say the blaze in the refinery was brought under on Friday?
When did a Turkish official say ANKARA has been put out thanks to the strong efforts made by foreign rescue experts?
What did Turkey's Anatolia News Agency quote Ismail Alakoc as saying with?
Who was the chairman of the boarding committee of Turkish Petrol Refineries Company?
What participated in the fight against the blaze that threatened to engulf the entire field of the 30 storage tanks?
Who said on Sunday ANKARA has been put out thanks to the strong efforts made by foreign rescue experts?
When did Kocaeli say only one storage tank was burning?
When did he say?
What did he say?
What has the burning spread to around the Izmit Refinery?
Where has the burning spread around the Izmit Refinery?
What did a Turkish official say on Sunday has been put out thanks to the strong efforts made by foreign rescue experts?
What did only one storage tank add?
Who are expected to make research about the pollution caused by the burning?
Who was epicenter of the devastating earthquake?
What were evacuated?
What are the survivors seized with depression in?
What has decided to urgently purchase 150 ambulances?
What struck western Turkey?
What did heavy rains lash for a second day?
What did the muddy quagmires left by the downpors increase from mosquitoes?
What did turkish officials broadcast appeals on Tuesday for everything from tents to?
What have been taken to prevent any kind of failure in telephone lines?
What began to emerge as the death toll reached some 18,000?
What are thousands of decaying bodies believed to be still buried under?
When did heavy rains lash the quake-stricken regions?
Who have turned into refugees?
Who are seized with depression in the face of threats ranging from a typhoid epidemic to lack of shelters under heavy rains?
When was ANKARA?
What did the death toll reach?
What was Izmit epicenter of?
What did ANKARA reach on Tuesday as the suffering of the survivors are mounting?
What did the Turkish military mark?
When did the Prime Ministry Crisis Administration Center state that the regional coordination center established in Izmit will start operations later Tuesday?
What did the Turkish military mark the Turkish expulsion of?
When did foreign rescue teams start leaving after the 7. 4 killer quake struck western Turkey?
What did the muddy quagmires left by the downpors increase fears of disease from?
What are believed to be still buried under the rubble?
What did the Prime Ministry Crisis Administration Center state Tuesday?
What was Izmit?
What did turkish officials broadcast appeals on Tuesday for to bulldozers to help begin rebuilding living shattered by the earthquake?
What did the muddy quagmires left by the downpors increase fears of from mosquitoes?
What has the government decided to urgently purchase?
What stated Tuesday that the regional coordination center established in Izmit will start operations later Tuesday?
What are mounting?
How many ambulances has the government decided to urgently purchase?
What lashed the quake-stricken regions for a second day?
What was August 24-- The death toll in the monster earthquake in western Turkey on August 17?
Who were education and entertainment facilities in the affected regions, and in neighboring provinces, prepared for?
What were prepared for the earthquake victims?
Who broadcast appeals on Tuesday for everything from tents to bulldozers to help begin rebuilding living shattered by the earthquake?
What did the Turkish military decide to cancel?
What decided to cancel the four-day Victory Day celebrations set to begin on Thursday?
What are the survivors seized with in the face of threats ranging from a typhoid epidemic to lack of shelters under heavy rains?
What marked the Turkish expulsion of other forces in 1922?
What flies attracted by the foul-smelling pools?
What reached 17,997 on Tuesday as the suffering of the survivors are mounting?
What reached some 18,000?
How many estimated survivors have turned into refugees?
Who did the 7. 4 killer quake strike?
What started leaving a week after the 7. 4 killer quake struck western Turkey?
What increased fears of disease from mosquitoes?
What did turkish officials broadcast on Tuesday for everything from tents to bulldozers to help begin rebuilding living shattered by the earthquake?
Who have the estimated 200,000 survivors turned into?
What does the muddy quagmires left by the downpors fly attracted by?
When did turkish officials broadcast appeals for everything from tents to bulldozers to help begin rebuilding living shattered by the earthquake?
When did ANKARA reach 17,997 as the suffering of the survivors are mounting?
What were some patients transferred to the nearby Israeli military field hospital which was better equipped to?
What did quake survivors with injured heads, broken arms and legs overfly?
What was people with quake-related injuries?
What were ISTANBUL-- More than a week after the August 17 killer earthquake in northwestern Turkey still flooding to?
What were thousands of people treated for?
Who did another doctor say had received over 70 patients since eight o'clock in the morning through afternoon?
Where did the number of people suffering from quake-related diseases surpass 4,100?
What were her colleges?
Who had developed kidney problems due to lack of water?
When did the personnel have to go without sleep in a number of state hospitals?
Who said she and her colleges were working here in clinic tents in groups of three persons in a field hospital by a busy intersection?
What were still flooding to hospitals?
What were tougher in other quake-stricken areas?
Who did another doctor say over?
When did another doctor say he and his two colleges in a tent had received over 70 patients since eight o'clock in the morning?
Who overflew the 120 private and 38 state hospitals in the metropolis?
Who said he and his two colleges in a tent had received over 70 patients since eight o'clock in the morning through afternoon?
When had the of the survivors been buried under rubble?
What did a woman doctor say in in a field hospital by a busy intersection?
When was ISTANBUL?
What did the number of people suffering from quake-related diseases surpass 4,100 in?
Who did another doctor say the patients in Istanbul's hospitals had received over since eight o'clock in the morning through afternoon?
When would about 130 kilometers east of Istanbul, several field hospitals be working non-stop before being replaced?
What did another doctor say the patients in Istanbul's hospitals had received over 70 patients since o'clock in the morning through afternoon?
What were the of the survivors?
What were treated for minor injuries?
Where were medical conditions tougher?
What did a woman doctor say she and her colleges were working here in clinic tents in groups of three persons in?
What did the personnel have to go without for 40 hours or more in a number of state hospitals?
What did the personnel have to go without sleep for 40 hours or more in?
What had to go without sleep for 40 hours or more in a number of state hospitals?
What was Istanbul?
Who said the patients in Istanbul's hospitals had received over 70 patients since eight o'clock in the morning through afternoon?
Where were those patients who were beyond the treatment sent?
What did the number of people suffering from quake-related diseases surpass in Istanbul?
What would be working for three-four days non-stop before being replaced?
What was Turkey's largest city?
What was August 25?
What had some of the survivors developed?
What had the of the survivors been buried under for days?
What had been buried under rubble for days?
What were all volunteer medical personnel from surrounding areas like Istanbul, Izmit, Bolu or Yalova?
How many kilometers east of Istanbul, several field hospitals would be working for three-four days non-stop before being replaced?
What were rescued recently?
Who did a woman doctor say were working here in clinic tents in groups of three persons in a field hospital by a busy intersection?
Who are suffering from bone fractures?
When would they be working non-stop before being replaced?
How many private and 38 state hospitals in the metropolis did quake survivors with injured heads, broken arms and legs overfly?
What were medical conditions tougher in?
What were set up by medical staff from internal or foreign countries?
What were about 130 kilometers east of Istanbul, several field hospitals operating along with lately in Adapazari?
Who did another doctor say he and his two colleges in a tent had received over since eight o'clock in the morning through afternoon?
What were some of them sent here by ambulances or helicopters from to deal with some serious injuries?
Who would be working for three-four days non-stop before being replaced?
What were operating along with a public hospital which was half-ruined in the quake but returned to partial functioning lately in Adapazari?
What surpassed 4,100 in Istanbul?
What were some patients transferred to due to limitations of medical facilities?
What were some of them sent here by from other quake-hit areas where public hospitals were demolished to deal with some serious injuries?
Who were sent here by ambulances or helicopters from other quake-hit areas where public hospitals were demolished to deal with some serious injuries?
Who were sent here by ambulances or helicopters from other quake-hit areas where the makeshift field hospitals did not have necessary facilities to deal with some serious injuries?
What were then discharged?
What were some of them sent here by from other quake-hit areas where the makeshift field hospitals did not have necessary facilities to deal with some serious injuries?
Who were sent to Istanbul or the Turkish capital of Ankara?
What were some of quake survivors with injured heads, broken arms and legs sent here by ambulances or helicopters from to deal with some serious injuries?
What were sent here by ambulances or helicopters from other quake-hit areas where the makeshift field hospitals did not have necessary facilities to deal with some serious injuries?
When did another doctor say he and his two colleges in a tent had received over 70 patients since eight through afternoon?
Who were transferred to the nearby Israeli military field hospital which was better equipped due to limitations of medical facilities?
What were those patients who were beyond the treatment sent to?
What were the makeshift field hospitals set up by?
What did a woman doctor say she and her colleges were working here in in a field hospital by a busy intersection?
What are nearly half of the patients in Istanbul's hospitals suffering from?
What were sent here by ambulances or helicopters from other quake-hit areas where public hospitals were demolished to deal with some serious injuries?
When did another doctor say the patients in Istanbul's hospitals had received over 70 patients since eight o'clock in the morning?
When did another doctor say the patients in Istanbul's hospitals had received over 70 patients since eight through afternoon?
Whose largest city was Istanbul?
What was ISTANBUL-- More than a week after the August 17 killer earthquake in northwestern Turkey?
What did another doctor say he and his two colleges in a tent had received over 70 patients since o'clock in the morning through afternoon?
What was Istanbul?
What was Izmit the epicenter of?
Who did the semi-official Anatolia News Agency report the Bogazici Kandilli Observatory reported that the quake hit at 11:11 local time?
What was August 31-- A 5. 2-magnitude earthquake?
When did the semi-official Anatolia News Agency report the Bogazici Kandilli Observatory reported that the quake hit Izmit, about 110 kilometers west of Istanbul?
When did the semi-official Anatolia News Agency report the Bogazici Kandilli Observatory reported?
What reported the Bogazici Kandilli Observatory reported that the quake hit Izmit, about 110 kilometers west of Istanbul at 11:11 local time?
What did the semi-official Anatolia News Agency report reported that the quake hit Izmit, about 110 kilometers west of Istanbul at 11:11 local time?
What did the quake drive into a panic?
What was the largest city of Turkey?
What drove people into a panic?
What was Izmit also called?
What did the semi-official Anatolia News Agency report the Bogazici Kandilli Observatory reported that the quake hit Izmit, about 110 kilometers west of at 11:11 local time?
Who was the epicenter of the 7. 4-magnitude killer quake that hit western Turkey on August 17?
What was Istanbul the largest city of?
Who are not immediately known?
What rocked western Turkey Tuesday?
When was ANKARA?
What did the quake drive people into?
What was the 5. 2-magnitude earthquake followed by?
What was Izmit?
What was followed by another one of magnitude 4. 6?
Who was also called Kocaeli province?
What was 000?
What are ANKARA still living in one year after the quake?
What is a bitterness that was widely felt after the 7. 4-magnitude earthquake destroyed jerry-built apartment buildings as they slept?
What is it as they slept?
What does the government expect?
What is August 17-- Some 26,000 survivors of the August 17,1999 earthquake that devastated Izmit in Marmara region?
What do seismologists warn could take place at any time?
What is a bitterness that was widely felt after the 7. 4-magnitude earthquake destroyed jerry-built apartment buildings as some victims who survived the disaster slept?
Who is Turkey's western industrial heartland?
What has the number of people in tents fallen from some 120,000 immediately after to 26,000 at present?
Who slept?
Who said that ``the state does not care about us''?
What has the government done?
What did Turkey's Daily News report on Thursday that an additional 150 people live in in winter?
When did Turkey's Daily News report that an additional 150 people live in cramped prefabricated homes that are extremely hot in summer and bitterly cold in winter?
What has the government also taken?
How many people does the 7. 4-magnitude earthquake crush?
What slept?
Who complained about their grievance?
When did Turkey's Daily News report on Thursday that an additional 150 people live in cramped prefabricated homes that are extremely hot in summer and bitterly cold?
What has it also taken?
When do seismologists warn the new quake could take place?
What crushes some 17,000 people?
What reported on Thursday that an additional 150 people live in cramped prefabricated homes that are extremely hot in summer and bitterly cold in winter?
What did the 7. 4-magnitude earthquake destroy?
What did Turkey's Daily News report on Thursday in?
What also has taken extensive measures to prepare for a new quake?
What destroyed jerry-built apartment buildings?
What did the quake almost level?
What are still living in tents one year after the quake?
What is Turkey's Daily News as some victims who survived the disaster slept?
What does the 7. 4-magnitude earthquake crush?
What has the number of people in tents fallen from some 120,000 immediately after the quake to at present?
What almost leveled parts of Izmit, 60 miles east of Istanbul, as well as other towns in western Turkey?
What expects that number to decline sharply in the coming months?
What has done a lot to handle the post-quake cleanup?
What was 150?
When are ANKARA still living in tents after the quake?
When is ANKARA?
What did some victims who survived the disaster complain about?
What are ANKARA still living in tents one year after?
What do seismologists warn the new quake could take at any time?
What has the number of people in tents fallen from immediately after the quake to 26,000 at present?
Whose western industrial heartland is Izmit?
What has fallen from some 120,000 immediately after the quake to 26,000 at present?
What is Izmit?
Who warn the new quake could take place at any time?
