Who sent more than 280,000 protest letters?
What did he hold a hand-drawn paper target to?
When is this a continuation, ``For many of farmers''?
Who shared key details of the department's latest proposals Thursday with the nation's largest gathering of organic farmers at the Ecological Farming Conference?
Who was a coalition of organic farmers?
Who was Bob Anderson a coalition of?
What did Keith Jones of the Department of Agriculture's National Organic Program get?
Who hope their own informal guidelines for what they call organic will be adopted by the government?
What should be raised in open-air environments?
What does this's?
Who was Penn? ?
Who defeated USDA proposals to allow irradiation in organic production?
What is a continuation of a lifetime of work, ``For many of farmers''?
What did Keith Jones of the Department of Agriculture's National Organic Program hold a hand-drawn paper target to?
What was Bob Anderson?
What would the original rules also have permitted applications of?
What does the new labeling plan respond to the farmers considered too permissive?
How many protest letters did Organic farmers, marketers and consumers send?
What does the new labeling plan respond to an outcry from farmers last year against an earlier set of rules?
What did Jones share key details of the department's latest proposals Thursday with the nation's largest gathering of organic farmers at?
What should Livestock be raised in?
When is this a continuation, ``For many of us''?
What said once a small minority, now there are more than 10,000 U. S. farms trying to raise organic crops and livestock?
Where does Bob Anderson the coalition of organic farmers run Walnut Acres?
What is this, ``For many of us''?
What do farmers hope their own informal guidelines for what they call organic will be adopted by?
What was anti-war?
Who did Keith Jones of the Department of Agriculture's National Organic Program concede that the federal agency has failed in the past?
When did he concede?
What hope their own informal guidelines for what they call organic will be adopted by the government?
What exceeded $3. 5 billion in 1996?
Who said, ``Keith Jones of the Department of Agriculture's National Organic Program 'm very encouraged'' by the government's promises''?
When did Keith Jones of the Department of Agriculture's National Organic Program concede?
What was this?
What is a continuation of a lifetime of work, ``For many of us''?
What was it?
When have U. S. sales of organic foods grown by 20 percent annually?
What are published again?
Who said, ``It seems that in the current environment the USDA cannot do anything right''?
How many U. S. farms did the Organic Farming Research Foundation say once a small minority, now there are trying to raise organic crops and livestock?
Who runs Walnut Acres in Penn Creek?
Who were skeptical that Bob Anderson's verbal assurances may not hold once rules are published again?
What do they hope their own informal guidelines for what they call organic will be adopted by?
Who got a generally sympathetic reception?
What do farmers hope will be adopted by the government?
What did U. S. sales of organic foods exceed in 1996?
What did Keith Jones of the Department of Agriculture's National Organic Program say, ``a hand-drawn paper target seems in''?
What do farmers have?
What did he get?
What did the Organic Farming Research Foundation say once a small minority, now there are more than 10,000 U. S. farms trying to raise?
Who conceded that the federal agency has failed the organic farmers in the past?
Who is on the National Organic Standards Board?
What should fruits and vegetables not have for instance?
What was genetic engineering and sewage sludge?
What did he hold to his chest?
Who was Penn Creek?
What responds to an outcry from farmers last year against an earlier set of rules the farmers considered too permissive?
Who said, ``I 'm very encouraged'' by the government's promises''?
What is planning to issue rules prohibiting the label ``organic'' for any food that is irradiated, genetically engineered or treated with antibiotics In a reversal?
What is developing the first national standards on organic food labeling to replace a hodgepodge of state rules and industry guidelines?
What should not have pesticides, herbicides or preservatives for instance?
What does Bob Anderson the coalition of organic farmers run Walnut Acres in?
What did Organic farmers, marketers and consumers prompt Agriculture Secretary Dan Glickman to withdraw?
Who have their own informal guidelines for what they call organic?
What's food security?
What is the department developing on organic food labeling to replace a hodgepodge of state rules and industry guidelines?
What does it's?
Who did Organic farmers, marketers and consumers prompt to try again?
What have U. S. sales of organic foods grown by annually for the last seven years?
Who held a hand-drawn paper target to his chest?
What was civil rights?
Who did he concede that the federal agency has failed in the past?
When did they exceed $3. 5 billion?
When did U. S. sales of organic foods exceed $3. 5 billion?
Who said, ``a hand-drawn paper target seems that in the current environment the USDA cannot do anything right''?
Who said, ``I 'm telling you we are looking at every possible way to protect the integrity of your industry''?
Who prompted Agriculture Secretary Dan Glickman to withdraw the proposal?
Who did Organic farmers, marketers and consumers prompt to withdraw the proposal?
What do they hope will be adopted by the government?
Who were skeptical that his verbal assurances may not hold once rules are published again?
What would the original rules also have permitted?
What should fruits and vegetables not have pesticides, herbicides or preservatives for?
What did Jones share key details of the department's latest proposals Thursday with at the Ecological Farming Conference?
What is the department developing the first national standards on labeling to replace a hodgepodge of state rules and industry guidelines?
What was irradiation?
What did Organic farmers, marketers and consumers send?
What is the government planning to issue rules prohibiting the label ``organic'' for any food that is irradiated, genetically engineered or treated with antibiotics In?
Who exceeded $3. 5 billion in 1996?
What did the organic farmers defeat USDA proposals to allow irradiation in?
What did Keith Jones of the Department of Agriculture's National Organic Program say, ``I 'm telling you at''?
What have grown by 20 percent annually for the last seven years?
What did he say, ``It seems in''?
When did Keith Jones of the Department of Agriculture's National Organic Program concede that the federal agency has failed the organic farmers?
Who does the new labeling plan respond to an outcry from farmers last year against an earlier set of rules considered too permissive?
What did they exceed in 1996?
What did the organic farmers defeat in organic production?
What is this, ``For many of farmers''?
What is Bob Anderson the coalition of organic farmers on?
When did he concede that the federal agency has failed the organic farmers?
What did Keith Jones of the Department of Agriculture's National Organic Program hold to his chest?
What did the Organic Farming Research Foundation say once a small minority, now there are trying to raise organic crops and livestock?
What also would have permitted applications of chemical sprays currently prohibited by industry groups?
Who prompted Agriculture Secretary Dan Glickman to try again?
Who does Bob Anderson the coalition of organic farmers run in Penn Creek?
Who sent more than 280,000 protest letters?
Who is a member of the National Organic Standards Board?
Who was a coalition of organic farmers?
Who was Bob Anderson a coalition of?
What would the rules also have permitted?
Who hope their own informal guidelines for what they call organic will be adopted by the government?
What should be raised in open-air environments?
Who remained skeptical that Agriculture Secretary Dan Glickman's verbal assurances may not hold once rules are published again?
What does this's?
What would the rules also have permitted applications of?
Who was Penn? ?
What was Bob Anderson?
What does the new labeling plan respond to the farmers considered too permissive?
How many protest letters did Organic farmers, marketers and consumers send?
What does the new labeling plan respond to an outcry from farmers last year against an earlier set of rules?
What should Livestock be raised in?
What is a continuation of a lifetime of work, ``For many of farmers upset by the overly broad label of ``organic'' foods''?
When is this a continuation, ``For many of us''?
What do farmers upset by the overly broad label of ``organic'' foods hope will be adopted by the government?
What said once a small minority, now there are more than 10,000 U. S. farms trying to raise organic crops and livestock?
Where does Bob Anderson the coalition of organic farmers run Walnut Acres?
What is this, ``For many of us''?
What do farmers upset by the overly broad label of ``organic'' foods hope their own informal guidelines for what they call organic will be adopted by?
What was anti-war?
What hope their own informal guidelines for what they call organic will be adopted by the government?
What exceeded $3. 5 billion in 1996?
When is this a continuation, ``For many of farmers upset by the overly broad label of ``organic'' foods''?
What was this?
What is a continuation of a lifetime of work, ``For many of us''?
What was it?
When have U. S. sales of organic foods grown by 20 percent annually?
What are published again?
How many U. S. farms did the Organic Farming Research Foundation say once a small minority, now there are trying to raise organic crops and livestock?
Who runs Walnut Acres in Penn Creek?
What do they hope their own informal guidelines for what they call organic will be adopted by?
Who-- may find relief later this year with an expected government ruling that will limit the kinds of foods receiving that definition?
What did U. S. sales of organic foods exceed in 1996?
What do farmers have?
What did the Organic Farming Research Foundation say once a small minority, now there are more than 10,000 U. S. farms trying to raise?
What should fruits and vegetables not have for instance?
Who was Penn Creek?
What responds to an outcry from farmers last year against an earlier set of rules the farmers considered too permissive?
Who said, ``I 'm very encouraged'' by the government's promises''?
What is Bob Anderson the coalition of organic farmers?
Who remained skeptical that his verbal assurances may not hold once rules are published again?
What may-- Farmers upset by the overly broad label of ``organic'' foods find relief later this year with?
What is developing the first national standards on organic food labeling to replace a hodgepodge of state rules and industry guidelines?
What does Bob Anderson the coalition of organic farmers run Walnut Acres in?
What should not have pesticides, herbicides or preservatives for instance?
What did Organic farmers, marketers and consumers prompt Agriculture Secretary Dan Glickman to withdraw?
Who have their own informal guidelines for what they call organic?
What's food security?
What is the department developing on organic food labeling to replace a hodgepodge of state rules and industry guidelines?
What does it's?
Who did Organic farmers, marketers and consumers prompt to try again?
What have U. S. sales of organic foods grown by annually for the last seven years?
What was civil rights?
When did they exceed $3. 5 billion?
When did U. S. sales of organic foods exceed $3. 5 billion?
Who prompted Agriculture Secretary Dan Glickman to withdraw the proposal?
Who did Organic farmers, marketers and consumers prompt to withdraw the proposal?
What did the USDA propose allowing to be labeled ``organic'' even if it was irradiated to kill germs or subjected to sewage sludge?
What do they hope will be adopted by the government?
What should fruits and vegetables not have pesticides, herbicides or preservatives for?
What is the department developing the first national standards on labeling to replace a hodgepodge of state rules and industry guidelines?
What is this, ``For many of farmers upset by the overly broad label of ``organic'' foods''?
What did Organic farmers, marketers and consumers send?
Who exceeded $3. 5 billion in 1996?
What is Bob Anderson the coalition of organic farmers a member of?
What proposed allowing food to be labeled ``organic'' even if it was irradiated to kill germs or subjected to sewage sludge?
What have grown by 20 percent annually for the last seven years?
Who does the new labeling plan respond to an outcry from farmers last year against an earlier set of rules considered too permissive?
What did they exceed in 1996?
What did the Organic Farming Research Foundation say once a small minority, now there are trying to raise organic crops and livestock?
What also would have permitted applications of chemical sprays currently prohibited by industry groups?
Who prompted Agriculture Secretary Dan Glickman to try again?
What is planning to issue rules prohibiting the label ``organic'' for any food that is irradiated, genetically engineered or treated with antibiotics?
Who does Bob Anderson the coalition of organic farmers run in Penn Creek?
What are the complainants concerned that using the pesticide in genetically altered plants poses?
What do they complain?
Who was a senior scientist with the Union of Concerned Scientists?
What want to force the government to end its approval of what are known as Bt crops?
What do some organic farmers say?
What did spokesman Dave Cohen say, ``EPA carefully makes sure that the biotech products we review fully comply with all legal requirements designed to ensure''?
What produces toxins to kill insects?
Who was Jane Rissler?
Who are now able to develop plants that contain a gene for Bt toxin?
What did Charles Walker say?
What has EPA since agreed to?
What did EPA approve the use of in potatoes in 1995?
What does the soil bacterium produce?
Who want to force the government to end its approval of what are known as Bt crops?
Who was Kalee Kreider?
What does Charles Walker blame?
What did an EPA spokesman defend?
What do some organic farmers say is pollination from the genetically-altered plant seeping from conventional farms to organic farms?
Who defended the agency's decision?
What is the soil bacterium?
What has since agreed to its use in corn and cotton?
What approved the use of Bt in potatoes in 1995?
What are the complainants concerned?
What do they complain that EPA has failed to address since approving the product?
Who was legal director for the Center for Food Safety?
What was Charles Walker?
What did spokesman Dave Cohen say, ``EPA carefully makes sure that the biotech products the complainants review fully comply with all legal requirements designed to ensure''?
Who would Bt seriously hurt?
What do crops want to force to end its approval of what are known as Bt crops?
What is too risky for the environment?
When has it been used as a spray by farmers and gardeners who like the fact that it kills insects while remaining nontoxic to mammals?
Who was president of Terra Firma Inc. -- an organic food company in Hudson?
When has the use of Bt changed with advances in genetic engineering?
What does the lawsuit demand?
What do they want to force the government to end?
What did EPA approve the use of Bt in in 1995?
What is Bt actually?
Who was Joseph Mendelson?
What has it been used for years as?
What has changed in recent years with advances in genetic engineering?
What was Charles Walker president of?
Who said, ``This is just another short term fix that industry is willing to use up''?
What is a coalition of environmentalists and organic farmers charged in a lawsuit Thursday?
What is withdrawn?
Who was Jane Rissler a senior scientist with the Union of?
What do crops want to force the government to end?
What is actually a soil bacterium?
What has Bt been used for years as?
Who would seriously hurt organic farmers who are permitted to use Bt insecticides as their only emergency pest?
When has Bt been used as a spray by farmers and gardeners who like the fact that it kills insects while remaining nontoxic to mammals?
Who is the environment a coalition of?
Who said he was forced to recall over $100,000 worth of organic tortilla chips that had been contaminated with genetically-engineered corn?
What is WASHINGTON-- A growing trend of genetically altering crops with an ingrown biological pesticide too risky for?
What complain that EPA has failed to address their concerns since approving the product?
What is Bacillus thuringiensis?
Who was Charles Walker?
What does he blame?
What do some organic farmers say an even bigger threat is?
When did EPA approve the use of Bt in potatoes?
What do the complainants complain that EPA has failed to address since approving the product?
Who complain that EPA has failed to address their concerns since approving the product?
What has the use of Bt changed in recent years with?
Who say an even bigger threat is pollination from the genetically-altered plant seeping from conventional farms to organic farms?
Who did Charles Walker say was forced to recall over $100,000 worth of organic tortilla chips that had been contaminated with genetically-engineered corn?
What is the environment?
What did EPA approve in potatoes in 1995?
What do the complainants complain?
What do they want to force to end its approval of what are known as Bt crops?
What has been used for years as a spray by farmers and gardeners who like the fact that it kills insects while remaining nontoxic to mammals?
Who was Wis.?
Who was a Greenpeace spokeswoman?
What demands that EPA cancel registration of all genetically engineered Bt plants; cease approval of any new Bt plants and immediately perform an environmental impact assessment?
Who give the crops built-in protection?
Who blames pollination from another farm?
What 'll we see?
What is Organic Valley?
What now are being used in a variety of products?
Who said the increased demand has caught the attention of the estimated 5,300 farmers growing organic products?
Who said, ``One of the bigger challenges was to make sure there was an ample supply of organic grains and organic sugar''?
What are the animals also to?
What were fruits and milk?
Who were Organic vegetables and fruits already well known to?
What does it's the ad in?
Who devotes your life to this?
Who does free range mean are able to?
What hears from dozens of farmers wanting information about making the transition to organic?
Who does california-based Petaluma Poultry plan to introduce antibiotic-free chicken's Rosie the Organic Chicken next week to?
Who was executive director of the Organic Farming Research Foundation?
What did Scowcroft say the increased demand has caught growing organic products?
Who said, ``We 've seen the reaction to our antibiotic free business become bigger and bigger''?
What does his office hear from?
What do you hear?
What's just hard to envision?
Who introduced last month's organic cereal?
Whose office hears from dozens of farmers wanting information about making the transition to organic?
What could WASHINGTON-- Consumers once find organic food products only in?
Who 've been hearing from consumers for quite some time that they wanted another choice?
What did Scott Lutz say contains organic whole wheat, corn, oats and barley as well as organic sugar?
Who does Organic Valley already offer?
Who was Scott Lutz?
Who do food giant General Mills 've been hearing from for quite some time that they wanted another choice?
What do you devote your life to?
What did Agriculture Secretary Dan Glickman in January say in a much-anticipated announcement?
Who was Organic Valley's marketing director?
What does Bob Scowcroft's office hear from?
What did Allen Shainsky say?
What means animals that have been fed vegetarian diets free of pesticides, fertilizers and antibiotics are able to?
What was vegetables?
What are also free range roam and are not confined to small pens that sometimes house hundreds of animals?
What did food giant General Mills introduce?
What did Agriculture Secretary Dan Glickman in January say would allow meat to be certified and labeled as organic in a much-anticipated announcement?
When is a line of sausage products expected?
What are the animals also roam and are not confined to small pens that sometimes house hundreds of animals?
Who hears how everyone wants organic?
When did the Agriculture Department approve organic labels?
What once could find organic food products only in specialty stores?
Who hear how everyone wants organic?
What does free range mean are able to?
What is expected in the fall?
What 'll food giant General Mills see?
Who 'll see how well we 're received?
What is going mainstream with more organic choices than ever?
What did the company spend about four years developing?
What spent about four years developing the product?
What were vegetables?
Who was Bob Scowcroft?
What has california-based Petaluma Poultry marketed for several years?
Who said the agency would allow meat to be certified and labeled as organic in a much-anticipated announcement?
What did Agriculture Secretary Dan Glickman in January say the agency would allow to be certified and labeled as organic in a much-anticipated announcement?
What are Organic vegetables and fruits now being used in?
When do analysts say the organic industry is growing at least 20 percent each year?
What did Allen Shainsky say if the growth of his company's antibiotic-free chicken line is any indication of what is in store for organic, should do well?
When did Bob Scowcroft say ``In the last few years, when you talk about organic it's lettuce''?
When has california-based Petaluma Poultry marketed antibiotic-free chicken?
Who was Allen Shainsky president of?
Who talks about organic?
What did the Agriculture Department approve in January?
What was Bob Scowcroft executive director of?
What does the growing number of organic offerings show?
Whose marketing director was Theresa Marquez?
What are Stores selling carrying organic labels?
Who are merchants and consumers?
Who introduced its organic cereal?
What is a Wisconsin-based company that has marketed vegetables and milk?
Who did Scowcroft say the increased demand has caught the attention of growing organic products?
Who plans to introduce its Rosie the Organic Chicken next week to consumers in California Washington, Nevada, Arizona, New Mexico and Utah?
What typically comes from animals that have been fed vegetarian diets free of pesticides, fertilizers and antibiotics?
When do we 've been hearing from consumers?
What could WASHINGTON-- Consumers once find only in specialty stores?
What did Scott Lutz say the new Sunrise cereal contains organic whole wheat, corn, oats and barley as well as?
Who are farmers?
What is organic going with more organic choices than ever?
What means they are able to?
What did Scott Lutz say the new Sunrise cereal contains as well as organic sugar?
Where does it's the ad?
What is organic going mainstream with?
How many years did the company spend developing the product?
Who were organic foods for years?
What do you devote to this?
Who do we 've been hearing from for quite some time that they wanted another choice?
What did food giant General Mills try to make accessible to the mainstream?
What did food giant General Mills try to make organic cereals accessible to?
Who say the organic industry is growing at least 20 percent each year in the last five years?
What had many in the industry complained?
Who has marketed antibiotic-free chicken for several years?
What do Allen Shainsky hear?
What do analysts say is growing at least 20 percent each year in the last five years?
Who said the new Sunrise cereal contains organic whole wheat, corn, oats and barley as well as organic sugar?
What approved organic labels in January?
What does it's in the middle of the evening news?
Who plans to introduce antibiotic-free chicken's Rosie the Organic Chicken next week to consumers in California Washington, Nevada, Arizona, New Mexico and Utah?
Who was president of Petaluma Poultry?
What does free range mean?
What already offers frozen hot dogs and hamburger patties?
When were organic foods bit players in the food industry?
What plans to introduce the first organic bacon and ham as well as whole organic chicken and chicken breasts in June?
Who are selling meats and poultry products carrying organic labels?
What was Sunrise?
What are Stores selling meats and poultry products?
What was lettuce?
When do analysts say?
When do food giant General Mills 've been hearing from consumers?
What does organically-grown meat typically come from?
Who was vice president for new enterprises at General Mills?
When was its organic cereal?
When did Bob Scowcroft say ``In the last few years, when you talk about organic it's lettuce'' ?
What did Scowcroft say has caught the attention of the estimated 5,300 farmers growing organic products?
When does Organic Valley plan to introduce the first organic bacon and ham as well as whole organic chicken and chicken breasts?
Who said, ``The reaction has been very positive''?
What will be distributed nationally?
Who said, ``The quantity that General Mills is buying and their projected expansion. . . shows up on the radar screen''?
Who said, ``food giant General Mills 've seen the reaction to our antibiotic free business become bigger and bigger''?
What were already well known to consumers?
Who was Allen Shainsky?
What did Scowcroft say the increased demand has caught the attention of the estimated 5,300 farmers growing?
When did the company spend developing the product?
Who said if the growth of his company's antibiotic-free chicken line is any indication of what is in store for organic, the industry should do well?
What did we try to make accessible to the mainstream?
What's the ad in the middle of the evening news?
What were fruit?
What did Agriculture Secretary Dan Glickman in January say the agency would allow meat to be certified and labeled as organic in?
Who does california-based Petaluma Poultry plan to introduce its Rosie the Organic Chicken next week to?
Who say?
Who tried to make organic cereals accessible to the mainstream?
What does Organic Valley plan to introduce in June?
What shows a mainstream acceptance-- and a victory for farmers?
Who was Theresa Marquez?
What did we try to make organic cereals accessible to?
What had complained that it was unfair to allow vegetables to be labeled organic?
When was last month's organic cereal?
What were bit players in the food industry for years?
Who has 92 stores around the country?
Who has it consulted around the world to come up with a global standard for fisheries that will augment existing local, national and international laws?
What will the council accredit specialist organizations or commercial companies to independently certify that fisheries meet?
What did Gummer say the council hopes the seal will bolster?
What will the council accredit to ensure that they continue to do so?
What are either depleted?
Who said the council hopes the seal will bolster consumer demand for fish that are being replenished?
What will the council accredit specialist organizations or commercial companies to ensure?
What can go for the $60,000 at the Tsukigi fish market in Japan?
Who said, ``We 're in the business of saving fish so we can eat them''?
What have been fished to the brink of extinction?
Who was the company's president and chief executive officer?
What has consulted fishermen and experts around the world to come up with a global standard for fisheries that will augment existing local, national and international laws?
Where was whole Foods Market Inc. based selling gourmet and organic food?
What are standards and agreements?
What did the council say the spawning of bluefin tuna in the western Atlantic has fallen by since 1975?
What added?
Who was chairman of the Marine Stewardship Council?
Who can eat them?
What has it consulted fishermen and experts around to come up with a global standard for fisheries that will augment existing local, national and international laws?
What said the spawning of bluefin tuna in the western Atlantic has fallen by nearly 90 percent since 1975?
What has the council's campaign backing from more than 200 corporate, government and voluntary organizations around?
What was british lawmaker John Gummer chairman of?
What was the London-based council?
What must fisheries be well-managed, replenish?
What's rich and poor for generations to come?
What did Gummer say the council hopes?
Who said the aim of the council's campaign is to get ``market power behind the battle to save forces's fishing stocks''?
Who was Roger Berkowitz?
What did Nature want to bring together to reverse the crisis from overfishing and pollution?
What must be well-managed, preserve the surrounding ecosystem?
Who said, ``forces 're in the business of saving fish so we can eat them''?
What did Gummer say the council hopes will bolster consumer demand for fish that are being replenished?
What must be well-managed, replenish healthy fish stocks?
What has it consulted fishermen and experts around the world to come up with?
What also signed?
What will accredit specialist organizations or commercial companies to independently certify that fisheries meet their standards?
What did Nature want to bring together public and private-sector efforts to reverse the crisis from?
Who can forces eat?
What did Gummer say is to get ``market power behind the battle to save our fishing stocks''?
What does Austin have?
When was the council established?
What was the Marine Stewardship Council?
What are such as the Atlantic halibut and the bluefin tuna?
Who wanted to bring together public and private-sector efforts to reverse the crisis from overfishing and pollution?
What will accredit specialist organizations or commercial companies to ensure that fisheries continue to do so?
What can cost $200 a plate at the sushi bar at the Tsukigi fish market in Japan?
What was an international nonprofit organization which unveiled the seal and announced the first independent global standard to certify fisheries on Tuesday?
What is no longer sustainable?
When did the council say the spawning of bluefin tuna in the western Atlantic has fallen by nearly 90 percent?
Who has the Marine Stewardship Council consulted around the world to come up with a global standard for fisheries that will augment existing local, national and international laws?
How many stores around the country does Austin have?
What will the turquoise-and-white logo begin to appear later this year in Europe and North America on?
Who can we eat?
What will the turquoise-and-white logo begin to appear later this year in on fish products, restaurant menus, and advertisements?
What did Gummer say hopes the seal will bolster consumer demand for fish that are being replenished?
What did the council say has fallen by nearly 90 percent since 1975?
What was Austin?
Who said the aim of the council's campaign is to get ``market power behind the battle to save our fishing stocks''?
What are local, national and international laws?
What can the bluefin cost $200 a plate at the sushi bar at?
What are business and industry joining forces with environmental groups to back a new seal of approval-- for with research showing that global fish stocks are vanishing?
What will the council accredit to ensure that fisheries continue to do so?
What will the council accredit specialist organizations or commercial companies to independently certify?
What are business and industry joining forces with environmental groups to back a new seal of approval-- for fish caught from waters where they will be replenished with?
Who was the London-based council the brainchild of?
What was established in 1997?
Who was british lawmaker John Gummer?
What has backing from more than 200 corporate, government and voluntary organizations around the world?
When will the turquoise-and-white logo begin to appear in Europe and North America on fish products, restaurant menus, and advertisements?
What must be well-managed, maintain?
What must fisheries be well-managed, preserve?
What have some species been fished to?
What can forces eat?
What are the species as?
What can we eat?
What can the bluefin go for the $60,000 at?
What was Texas?
What can the bluefin cost $200 a plate at at the Tsukigi fish market in Japan?
What was the brainchild of Unilever, one of the world's largest buyers of frozen fish, and the World Wide Fund for Nature?
What did Gummer say is to get ``market power behind the battle to save forces's fishing stocks''?
What will begin to appear later this year in Europe and North America on fish products, restaurant menus, and advertisements?
What did Nature want to bring together public and private-sector efforts to reverse from overfishing and pollution?
What will accredit specialist organizations or commercial companies to ensure that they continue to do so?
What has the Marine Stewardship Council consulted fishermen and experts around the world to come up with?
What does NEW YORK's rich and poor for to come?
What was based in Austin selling gourmet and organic food?
What did Gummer announce the first American companies to sign on?
What will the council accredit to independently certify that fisheries meet their standards?
What can the bluefin go for at the Tsukigi fish market in Japan?
What can eat them?
What has the council's campaign backing from around the world?
What can the bluefin cost at the sushi bar at the Tsukigi fish market in Japan?
What was whole Foods Market Inc. based in selling gourmet and organic food?
What do growers have to pay-- from $25 for under $10,000 in sales to $2,000 for $5 million or more?
Who did vegetable grower Dick Peixoto of Watsonville say come out?
What do sellers of processed foods also have to keep extensive paperwork showing from?
Who said and believe me?
What have acted on their own?
What do sellers of processed foods pay?
What will require certification as early as this fall?
Who was an executive at Whole Foods?
Who still do not require certification for processed food?
What says grown?
What do they believe to be?
What are packers and shippers?
What have most major supermarkets acted on?
Who are farmers?
Who have to register with the state?
Who said they come out?
What does?
What does a label say processed in accordance with?
What did vegetable grower Dick Peixoto of Watsonville say say ` yup, you 're organic, '?
What does Green avoid?
What did one such incident involve?
Who did vegetable grower Dick Peixoto of Watsonville say say ` yup, you 're organic, '?
Who was Margaret Wittenberg?
Unless the food also has been independently certified what does it's likely no one has checked to ensure meets minimum state standards?
Unless the food also has been independently certified what does it's likely no one has checked to ensure the food meets?
What inspects processed food?
Unless the food also has been independently certified what does it's likely?
Who are inspectors and others?
What has not done much more than look into complaints?
What do growers have to pay an annual fee-- from?
What was caught selling olive oil as organic when some of the olives were actually harvested from a golf course?
What does it not necessarily mean is truly organic?
What is based mostly on trust?
Who have most major supermarkets acted on?
Unless the food also has been independently certified what's likely no one has checked to ensure the food meets minimum state standards?
What does Health Services inspect?
What did vegetable grower Dick Peixoto of Watsonville say come out?
Who avoids fines or criminal charges?
Who did Margaret Wittenberg say and believe?
Who pay just $100 for an entire line of products?
What involved San Diego-based Petrou Foods Inc.?
Unless the food also has been independently certified what does it's likely has checked to ensure the food meets minimum state standards?
What did that investigation result in?
What was San Diego-based Petrou Foods Inc. caught selling as organic when some of the olives were actually harvested from a golf course?
Who is the organic foods industry?
What is the growth of organic food from a fringe movement to a $5 billion nationwide industry based mostly on?
What do consumers believe to be?
What is farmers?
What also have to keep extensive paperwork showing the food is free from pesticides and synthetic chemicals?
Who said they say ` yup, you 're organic, '?
What was the first time?
What do they also have to keep?
If someone's doing something that's not right, what does the whole industry learn about?
Who does the industry remain small enough for to be easily discovered?
What does the Department of Health Services have yet to set up?
What was random, unannounced soil and tissue samplings?
What resulted in a felony conviction and $10,000 in fines?
Who's doing something that's not right?
Who have to pay an annual fee-- from $25 for under $10,000 in sales to $2,000 for $5 million or more?
Who also have to keep extensive paperwork showing the food is free from pesticides and synthetic chemicals?
What do growers have to register with?
What says processed in accordance with the California Organic Foods Act of 1990?
What have acted on most customers?
What there are basically no on-site inspections?
What did program director Ray Green say with the industry growing by 20 percent a year, for the first time?
What are when you register with the state there basically?
What do they also have to keep extensive paperwork showing from?
Who said there come out?
What does a label say processed in with the California Organic Foods Act of 1990?
What does it not necessarily mean?
Who said with the industry growing by 20 percent a year, the state agriculture department's budget for the first time?
What did program director Ray Green say with the industry growing by 20 percent a year, the state agriculture department's budget has grown to this year?
What does a label not necessarily mean?
What has yet to set up an organic compliance program?
What does fraud occur by?
What occurs by all accounts?
What do sellers of processed foods also have to keep?
What is now certified?
What does someone's doing right?
If someone's doing something that's not right, what learns about it?
Unless the food also has been independently certified what does it's likely no one has checked to ensure?
What did program director Ray Green say with the industry growing by 20 percent a year, has grown to $350,000-- enough for 500 inspections this year?
When did program director Ray Green say with the industry growing by 20 percent a year, the state agriculture department's budget?
What do most national retailers still not require?
What remains small enough for organic violators to be easily discovered?
What have been rare?
What believe to be free of pesticides and grown in an a way that protects the environment?
Who are the fruits and vegetables sold by California's 2500 registered organic growers?
What did Margaret Wittenberg say believe me?
What does not necessarily mean the food is truly organic?
Who believe to be free of pesticides and grown in an a way that protects the environment?
What does a label not necessarily mean is truly organic?
What are labeled in many different in the absence of national standards?
Who will Banned be additives like?
What are expected to reach $6 billion this year?
What did he say rapidly growing?
What will that certainly encourage?
What are foods claiming to be organic labeled in in the absence of national standards?
Who did she say hope they will understand what organic means and make this an informed choice?
What did she say I hope will understand what organic means and make this an informed choice?
When will the rules spell out what it means for foods to be labeled organic?
What do nineteen states have for organic farming?
What will the rules also bar?
What does General Mills have?
When has the industry been growing at a rate of 20 percent annually?
What are only 6,600 approved by around the country?
What will that build?
What are consumers buying food less as a staple or basic fuel and more as?
What do critics of the organic industry say the rules could lead consumers into thinking are safer or more nutritious than conventional food?
What will the rules also bar the use of?
Who will be additives like sulfites, nitrates or nitrite?
What did David Nelson say any food's certainly?
What did WASHINGTON-- Americans hunger for any food consume?
What-- can use?
What will build consumer confidence in the label?
What do critics of the organic industry say the rules could lead consumers into thinking?
What certainly will encourage sales?
Who was Christine Bruhn?
What do others do not some list?
Who are getting into the natural-foods business?
What did he say's a niche market certainly?
Who also will bar the use of genetically engineered crops or irradiated ingredients in organic foods?
What did David Nelson say's a niche market certainly?
What do critics of the organic industry say into?
Who is Small Planet Foods?
How many others have production standards but no certification process for ensuring that farmers comply with them?
What is left to states and private agencies approved by USDA?
Who said I hope they will understand what organic means and make this an informed choice?
What will spell out for the first time what it means for foods to be labeled organic?
What should that change with?
What did WASHINGTON-- Americans hunger for any food consume $6 billion worth of?
Who do critics of the organic industry say the rules could lead into thinking organic products are safer or more nutritious than conventional food?
Who was Andy Solomon?
Who did she say I hope will understand what organic means and make this an informed choice?
What do others do not list a certifying agency?
Who said any food's a niche market certainly?
What did they leave open as fertilizer?
What ordered national organic standards in 1990?
Who are expected to have 18 months to comply?
Who has a new organic cereal?
What will they also bar?
Who do critics of the organic industry say the rules could lead consumers into thinking organic products are?
Who was director of the Center for Consumer Research at the University of California-Davis?
When has the industry been growing annually over the past decade?
What is enforcement left to?
What did David Nelson say rapidly growing?
Who do not some list a certifying agency?
Who say the rules could lead consumers into thinking organic products are safer or more nutritious than conventional food?
Who have production standards but no certification process for ensuring that farmers comply with them?
What is Small Planet Foods a leading producer of?
What are some of the nation's biggest food manufacturers getting into?
When are producers and processors expected to have to comply?
What did he say it's certainly?
Who said it's a niche market certainly?
What are consumers buying as an expression of lifestyle?
What promoted as natural?
Who was a food industry analyst with CS First Boston?
What are foods claiming to be organic labeled in many different in?
What did the rules leave open the possibility of allowing irradiated and genetically engineered food and the use of sewage sludge as?
Who said it rapidly growing?
Who are buying food less as a staple or basic fuel and more as an expression of lifestyle?
What are approved by the 88 different state or private certifying agencies around the country?
What are only 6,600 approved by the 88 different state or private certifying agencies around?
What were rejected by the industry because they left open the possibility of allowing irradiated and genetically engineered food and the use of sewage sludge as fertilizer?
What did Andy Solomon say have been ruled out in the new proposals?
What did Christine Bruhn say there is?
What did she say I hope?
What should change with the release, as early as Tuesday, of the first national standards for organic food?
Who said any food rapidly growing?
What will they also bar the use of?
Who said there is no evidence that is true?
What will the rules spell out for the first time for?
Who said the organic market is likely to continue growing at a double-digit pace for years to come?
How many months are producers and processors expected to have to comply?
What left open the possibility of allowing irradiated and genetically engineered food and the use of sewage sludge as fertilizer?
What was Christine Bruhn director of at the University of California-Davis?
What will Banned be like sulfites, nitrates or nitrite?
What were rules proposed by USDA rejected by because they left open the possibility of allowing irradiated and genetically engineered food and the use of sewage sludge as fertilizer?
What also will bar the use of genetically engineered crops or irradiated ingredients in organic foods?
What do nineteen states have no regulations for?
What did Congress order?
What do eleven others have?
What did a recent ABC News Poll find eats organic products at least occasionally?
Who left open the possibility of allowing irradiated and genetically engineered food and the use of sewage sludge as fertilizer?
Who say?
What has been growing at a rate of 20 percent annually over the past decade?
Where is enforcement left?
What did they leave open the possibility of allowing irradiated and genetically engineered food and the use of sewage sludge as?
What did a recent ABC News Poll find nearly half the population eats at least occasionally?
What have no regulations for organic farming?
Who was David Nelson?
Who said those possibilities have been ruled out in the new proposals?
What do critics of the organic industry say the rules could lead consumers into organic products are safer or more nutritious than conventional food?
What did Andy Solomon say those possibilities have been ruled out in?
What found nearly half the population eats organic products at least occasionally?
Who was a spokesman for Agriculture Secretary Dan Glickman?
What did David Nelson say is likely to continue growing at a double-digit pace for years to come?
What do critics of the organic industry say could lead consumers into thinking organic products are safer or more nutritious than conventional food?
What consumed $6 billion worth of products labeled organic?
Who is a leading producer of organic food products?
What did the rules leave open as fertilizer?
When are the standards expected to go into effect?
Who said the standards will be the most comprehensive, strictest organic rules in the world?
What did USDA first propose in 1997?
What are the standards expected to go into later this year?
What will the new rules replace a hodgepodge of?
Who have production standards but no certification process for ensuring that farmers comply with them?
What will allow products that meet the standards to carry a seal of approval that says, USDA Certified Organic?
What will Enforcement of the standards be left up to?
What did Agriculture Secretary Dan Glickman say the standards will be the most comprehensive, strictest?
What are expected to go into effect later this year?
What will the rules allow?
What also would require the use of organic feed?
What also would prohibit the use of antibiotics in livestock production?
What do nineteen states have for organic farming?
When released new national standards for processing organic food that will bar the use of genetic engineering or irradiation?
What will be left up to states and private certifying agencies?
What would the new rules also prohibit the use of?
What first proposed a set of national organic standards in 1997?
Where will Enforcement of the standards be left up?
What would the new rules also prohibit?
What are certified by a state or private agency?
What did Agriculture Secretary Dan Glickman say will be the most comprehensive, strictest organic rules in the world?
What did Agriculture Secretary Dan Glickman say the standards will be most comprehensive, strictest organic rules in the world?
What would the new rules also require the use of?
What will the new rules replace?
What did farmers and others in the organic industry strongly object to?
What would the new rules also require?
What are only 6,600 certified by?
What do nineteen states have no regulations for?
How many others have production standards but no certification process for ensuring that farmers comply with them?
What do eleven others have?
Who strongly objected to provisions that could have allowed the use of sewage sludge as fertilizer, as well as genetically engineered and irradiated ingredients?
When released new national standards for growing that will bar the use of genetic engineering or irradiation?
When did USDA first propose a set of national organic standards?
What did Agriculture Secretary Dan Glickman say?
What will replace a hodgepodge of state and private standards?
What have no regulations for organic farming?
What did USDA first propose a set of in 1997?
What did today release?
What did the National Food Processors Association say?
What would the new standards also require?
What would not be allowed with a few exceptions?
What did the Agriculture Department first propose a set of in 1997?
What also would require the use of organic feed?
What also would prohibit the use of antibiotics in livestock production?
What has the organic industry already been growing by a year?
What would the new standards also prohibit the use of?
What are fertilizers?
Who will then be given 18 months to get into compliance?
What is labeled organic?
Where will Enforcement of the rules be left?
When has the organic industry already been growing by 20 percent?
What are certified by a state or private agency?
What were biotech crops?
What were irradiation and sewage sludge?
Who will be allowed to carry a seal of approval that says, USDA Certified Organic?
What said USDA ignored scientific evidence in deciding to block the use of genetically engineered crops or irradiation?
What did the Vermont Democrat say without such standards there are?
What did Sen. Patrick Leahy say to?
What will take public comment on the rules from March 13 through June 14 before putting them into effect?
How many months will farmers and processors then be given to get into compliance?
What will WASHINGTON-- New federal rules for organic food assure consumers to?
What are only 6,600 certified by?
What did Sen. Patrick Leahy write?
What did Agriculture Secretary Dan Glickman say does not mean?
What did the Agriculture Department first propose in 1997?
What would the rules bar the use of as a fertilizer?
What will be allowed to carry a seal of approval that says, USDA Certified Organic?
What did the Vermont Democrat say without there are limits to consumer acceptance and export potential?
When did the Agriculture Department first withdraw after farmers and others in the $6 billion-a-year organic industry strongly objected to allowing biotech crops?
What would the rules bar the use of genetically engineered crops as?
Who did the Agriculture Department first withdraw after farmers and others in the $6 billion-a-year organic industry strongly objected to allowing biotech crops?
Who said without such standards there are limits to consumer acceptance and export potential?
What will be left to states and private certifying agencies?
What did Sen. Patrick Leahy say they should provide a boost to?
What did Sen. Patrick Leahy say they should provide to the organic industry?
What has already been growing by 20 percent a year?
Who said conventional meat and produce should provide a boost to the organic industry?
Who said in releasing the proposed rules Tuesday?
What first withdrew them after farmers and others in the $6 billion-a-year organic industry strongly objected to allowing biotech crops?
When will USDA take public comment on the rules from March 13 before putting them into effect?
What did Sen. Patrick Leahy say should provide a boost to the organic industry?
Who strongly objected to allowing biotech crops?
What would the new standards also prohibit?
What can be irradiated to kill harmful bacteria?
What are pesticides and food additives?
Who wrote a 1990 law that required USDA to develop the rules?
What first proposed a set of national organic standards in 1997?
What do the rules also restrict the kind of that can be used?
When will USDA take public comment on the rules through June 14 before putting them into effect?
Who could be labeled made with organic ingredients?
What do the rules also restrict?
When did the Agriculture Department first propose a set of national organic standards?
What would the new standards also require the use of?
What would bar the use of genetically engineered crops as a fertilizer?
What also restrict the kind of fertilizers that can be used?
Who runs organic vegetable farms in the Washington area?
Who said they should provide a boost to the organic industry?
What will Enforcement of the rules be left to?
When will farmers and processors then be given to get into compliance?
What first withdrew 1997 after farmers and others in the $6 billion-a-year organic industry strongly objected to allowing biotech crops?
Who will WASHINGTON-- New federal rules for organic food assure that the products are grown and processed to the same standards nationwide?
What did the National Food Processors Association say ignored scientific evidence in deciding to block the use of genetically engineered crops or irradiation?
What did Sen. Patrick Leahy say conventional meat and produce should provide to the organic industry?
What did Sen. Patrick Leahy say conventional meat and produce should provide a boost to?
What did the National Food Processors Association say USDA ignored in deciding to block the use of genetically engineered crops or irradiation?
Who said that does not mean?
Who did Sen. Patrick Leahy say should provide a boost to the organic industry?
What will assure consumers that the products are grown and processed to the same standards nationwide?
What does Hiu Newcomb run?
What would synthetic chemicals not be allowed with?
What would the rules bar as a fertilizer?
What will USDA take from March 13 through June 14 before putting them into effect?
What did the Agriculture Department first withdraw after farmers and others in the $6 billion-a-year organic industry strongly objected to allowing biotech crops?
What did Idaho estimate at 85,061 acres, up 55 percent from 1997?
What was released Thursday?
What grew from 403,000 acres in 1992 to 850,000 in 1997?
When did the amount of organic pasture and rangeland actually decline from 1992?
What can farmers not sell as organic during the three-year conversion period required to be certified?
What were insufficient numbers of processors and distributors, and limited access to capital?
What was California Certified Organic Farmers?
Who was one of the top certifying agencies in the state?
When did the amount of organic pasture and rangeland actually decline to 1997?
When could they not be labeled as organic?
Who cannot sell their crops as organic during the three-year conversion period required to be certified?
Who are offered government aid to convert to organic agriculture at Europe?
When was about 0. 2 percent of U. S. cropland certified organic?
What said it remains difficult for farmers to switch to organic practices for a number of reasons: the cost and risk involved in shifting to the new methods?
What are farmers offered to convert to organic agriculture at Europe?
What are expected to stimulate growth in the industry by bolstering consumer confidence?
What did the number of organic milk cows grow from 2,265 to?
What is still a very small part of U. S. agriculture?
Who could not be labeled as organic until February 1999?
What did California Certified Organic Farmers estimate its 1999 acreage at?
What are expected to stimulate growth in the industry by making consumer confidence easier to export the products?
What prohibit the use of synthetic fertilizers and pesticides for crops or antibiotics or hormones in livestock?
What jumped from 43,981 to 537,826 during the same period?
What estimated its 1999 organic cropland at 85,061 acres, up 55 percent from 1997?
When did the amount of certified organic cropland grow from 403,000 acres in 1992 to 850,000?
What are farmers offered government aid to convert to at Europe?
What did the number of organic milk cows grow from to 12,897?
What was certified organic in 1997?
What do Organic farming practices prohibit the use of for crops or antibiotics or hormones in livestock?
When was the same period?
What did the amount of certified organic cropland grow from to 850,000 in 1997?
What actually declined from 1992 to 1997?
When do economists say organic production of meat and poultry lagged because they could not be labeled as organic until February 1999?
What did California Certified Organic Farmers estimate at 96,878?
What did the study say to?
Who say organic production of meat and poultry lagged during the decade because they could not be labeled as organic until February 1999?
What did the number of organic laying hens jump from 43,981 to during the same period?
What do economists say lagged during the decade because they could not be labeled as organic until February 1999?
What were the new methods?
What was organic in 1997?
When do economists say?
What are New national standards for organic food that the department announced earlier this month expected to stimulate by making it easier to export the products?
What did the amount of certified organic cropland grow from 403,000 acres in 1992 to in 1997?
When can farmers not sell their crops as organic?
What can organic products fetch significantly higher prices than?
Who estimated its 1999 acreage at 96,878?
What do Organic farming practices prohibit?
What did the number of organic laying hens jump from to 537,826 during the same period?
What can fetch significantly higher prices than conventional ones?
What are farmers offered government aid to convert to organic agriculture at?
What are New national standards for organic food that the department announced earlier this month expected to stimulate by making consumer confidence easier to export the products?
What says?
What are expected to stimulate growth in the industry by making it easier to export the products?
What are New national standards for organic food that the department announced earlier this month expected to stimulate by bolstering consumer confidence?
When was 2 percent of apple, grape, lettuce and carrot acreage organic?
When did the number of organic laying hens jump from 43,981 to 537,826?
What is Organic farming still?
What is Organic farming still a very small part of?
What did Idaho estimate its 1999 organic cropland at?
What grew from 2,265 to 12,897?
When could meat and poultry not be labeled as organic?
When was a time when public concern about bacterial contamination of eggs was on the rise?
What can organic products fetch than conventional ones?
What was California Certified Organic Farmers one of?
What could not be labeled as organic until February 1999?
When was a summary of the USDA study released?
Who a summary of the poll's findings said are less inclined to purchase these products than they were in 1996?
What have a few food processors stopped buying?
What said nearly four in 10 had heard nothing about biotech food?
What do a few food processors cite?
What do a few food processors cite fears about?
What focuses on natural foods?
When did fifty-four percent say that were very or somewhat likely to buy produce that was modified to taste better or stay fresh longer?
Who manages a Marsh store in Indianapolis?
What does Organic food usually cost more than?
What's a non-issue?
Who fear such labels would scare away consumers?
What did the January poll say they had heard nothing about?
What did the new survey have?
What have rejected them?
Who did last week say was not warranted?
What will more than half of this year's soybean crop and 20 percent of this year's corn plantings be of?
What has the government approved approximately 50 varieties of?
What cite fears about consumer resistance?
What can gene-altered soybeans and corn be found in foods throughout?
Who say there is not enough known about the possible environmental or health risks from genetically altered plants and animals?
What do Food manufacturers fear would scare away consumers?
What did nearly four in 10 question in the January poll said?
Who was James Hopper?
What did last week announce several steps meant to assure the public?
Who was Fla.?
Who designs supermarkets for the 97-store Save Mart chain in northern California?
How many varieties of genetically engineered crops has the government approved?
What will be of biotech varieties that are resistant to a popular herbicide or insect pests?
What do Food manufacturers fear?
Who did fifty-four percent say in January were very or somewhat likely to buy produce that was modified to taste better or stay fresh longer?
What is frito-Lay?
What did Thomas Hoban say do not realize how widely used these so-called biotech ingredients have become?
What did fifty-four percent say in January were very or somewhat likely to buy produce that was modified to taste better or stay fresh longer?
What does Ray Agah design?
What did the January poll say nearly four in 10 had heard nothing about?
What do CHICAGO-- Europeans and Japanese not want?
What opened Sunday?
What does whole Foods Market focus on?
Who was James Hopper senior vice president of natural food group operations for Tree of?
When did fifty-four percent say they were very or somewhat likely to buy produce that was modified to taste better or stay fresh longer?
What did Ray Agah say what matters most to consumers is the price and appearance of?
What usually costs more than the conventional variety?
What do critics of the biotech industry say about?
What do not want gene-altered crops?
Who say American consumers do not seem to care one way or the other-- at least not yet?
Who were in 1996?
When did the supermarket industry's annual convention open?
Who said they 're not even thinking about it, said Richard Ramsey I 've not heard anything?
What does Richard Ramsey run?
Who do Food manufacturers fear such labels would scare away?
Who did it say was not warranted?
What do critics of the biotech industry say there is not enough known about the possible environmental or health risks from?
What will become?
What did it say?
What was James Hopper senior vice president of for Tree of Life Inc. of St. Augustine?
What did Dave Eber say 're not even thinking about it, said Richard Ramsey I 've not heard anything?
What did fifty-four percent say in January that were very or somewhat likely to buy produce?
What do grocers say?
When announced several steps meant to assure the public that biotech food is safe?
What said mandatory labeling was not warranted?
Who said what matters most to consumers is the price and appearance of their food?
What did Thomas Hoban say most people do not realize?
What did Ray Agah say what matters most to consumers is?
What has approved approximately 50 varieties of genetically engineered crops?
Who said?
What does that's down four years ago from?
What is McDonald's and Gerber?
Who have been demanding tougher testing standards and mandatory labeling of the products?
What did he say what matters most to consumers is the price and appearance of?
Who do grocers say do not seem to care one way or the other-- at least not yet?
What did he say what matters most to consumers is?
What were in 1996?
Who was Thomas Hoban?
What are biotech animals in?
Who said they would be very or somewhat likely to buy a new variety of produce that had been genetically engineered to resist insect damage?
What does it's?
What have been demanding tougher testing standards and mandatory labeling of the products?
Who are expected to provide a boost to the $6 billion-a-year organic industry?
What did the January poll say they had heard?
What are consumers who do not want to eat biotech food expected to provide to the $6 billion-a-year organic industry?
What did Dave Eber say they 're not even thinking about, said Richard Ramsey I 've not heard anything?
What do critics of the biotech industry say there is not enough known about from genetically altered plants and animals?
What did the new survey have a margin of?
What did fifty-four percent say in January they were very or somewhat likely to buy produce?
Who have frito-Lay rejected?
What did fifty-four percent say in January?
What can gene-altered soybeans and corn be found in throughout the supermarket?
What was Blountstown?
What did last week say?
What did sixty-three percent of shoppers surveyed in January say?
What questioned in the January poll said they had heard nothing about biotech food?
What have frito-Lay rejected?
What was the new survey conducted by Research International USA for?
What said in January that were very or somewhat likely to buy produce that was modified to taste better or stay fresh longer?
Who said most people do not realize how widely used these so-called biotech ingredients have become?
What said they had heard nothing about biotech food?
Who did Dave Eber say 're not even thinking about it, said Richard Ramsey I 've not heard anything?
Who was senior vice president of natural food group operations for Tree of Life Inc. of St. Augustine?
What is the lone major grocery chain to reject biotech food so far?
What. . . is maybe overly positive?
What said in January they were very or somewhat likely to buy produce that was modified to taste better or stay fresh longer?
What was the new survey conducted by for the Food Marketing Institute?
What was St. Augustine?
What did last week announce?
What was conducted by Research International USA for the Food Marketing Institute?
What is Whole Foods Market?
What had a margin of error of plus or minus 3 percentage points?
What does Dave Eber manage?
What's down from 77 percent in a similar poll four years ago?
When were american consumers?
What did the January poll say nearly four in 10 had heard?
What do grocers say American consumers do not seem to care not yet?
What has the government approved?
What stands to gain if consumers turn away from gene-altered products?
What are in development?
Who did Dave Eber say they 're not even thinking about it, said I 've not heard anything?
Who runs a Piggly Wiggly supermarket in Blountstown?
What is slipping?
What are consumers who do not want to eat biotech food expected to provide a boost to?
What does McDonald's and Gerber's?
What are said consumers less inclined to purchase these products than they were in 1996?
What will definitely go to organic?
Who did the January poll say had heard nothing about biotech food?
What did the January poll say had heard nothing about biotech food?
When said mandatory labeling was not warranted?
When were they?
What did the January poll say?
What have stopped buying genetically engineered ingredients?
Who is not so sure?
What can be found in foods throughout the supermarket?
Who was a North Carolina State University sociologist who tracks consumer attitudes about food?
What did the government granted go on sale?
What capitulated?
What is Texas?
What did a senior scientist at the Environmental Defense Fund say because of?
What does rBGH increase?
What was the inclusion of genetically modified food?
What can they not tell unlike?
What cannot tell just how much unlike many other countries, does not require the labeling of gene-modified food?
What does a crop have?
What was rBGH?
Who was the Environmental Defense Fund?
What did the government give to genetically modified soybeans?
What are a number of dairy products now labeled to show that they do not contain?
Who are unaware of the amount of genetically engineered food that is available?
What did some states and several dairies try to label their products as?
What are quite likely to be available within a year?
What are genetically modified soybeans?
What do most consumers make difficult to judge their resistance to such products?
What are Norway and India leading?
Who make it difficult to judge their resistance to such products?
What did Monsanto threaten to take them to?
What did Monsanto threaten to take the United States to?
Who threatened to take them to court?
What went on sale?
What does whole Foods Market Inc. of Austin require its suppliers to guarantee that none of the products they sell to the company have?
What is 58 percent?
What are cotton and corn on the market?
What requires its suppliers to guarantee that none of the products they sell to the company have gene-altered ingredients?
How many supermarkets in 18 states does whole Foods Market Inc. of Austin have?
What did a senior scientist at the Environmental Defense Fund say might be forced to require some labeling because of international trade?
What can american shoppers not tell unlike?
What are most consumers unaware of?
What did the government give the green light to?
What are among those pushing for labeling?
What is significant?
What increases cows ' milk production, and milk containing a gene-altered hormone?
How many such crops are quite likely to be available within a year?
What was withdrawn?
What did the Agriculture Department propose?
What does the greatest awareness of genetically engineered food come from with only a few consumer groups seeking wider labeling?
What did some states and several dairies try to label as free of the hormone?
What proposed national standards for organic food that included genetically altered food?
What was one of the reasons most often cited?
Who cannot tell just how much unlike many other countries, does not require the labeling of gene-modified food?
Who said the United States might be forced to require some labeling because of international trade?
What is the total for?
What has 91 supermarkets in 18 states?
What is Canada?
What do all European Union countries want?
What comes from the organic-food industry with only a few consumer groups seeking wider labeling?
What does whole Foods Market Inc. of Austin have?
Who did Monsanto threaten to take to court?
What has approval?
What was recombinant bovine growth hormone?
Who would be surprised to know that much of the food they buy has genetically engineered ingredients?
What did Monsanto threaten to take to court?
What did the government granted Monsanto Co. permission to sell rBGH go on?
What is estimated to be 32 percent of the total 38 percent and for canola oil?
What are now labeled to show that they do not contain rBGH?
When are or two such crops quite likely to be available?
What want some labeling for gene-altered food?
Who does whole Foods Market Inc. of Austin require to guarantee that none of the products they sell to the company have gene-altered ingredients?
What does the greatest awareness of genetically engineered food come from the organic-food industry with?
What are leading the fight to require the strictest labeling on all foods?
What is Austin?
What are most consumers?
What was Rebecca Goldberg?
What tried to label their products as free of the hormone?
What does whole Foods Market Inc. of Austin require its suppliers to guarantee?
What are a number of dairy products now labeled to show?
What was the inclusion of genetically modified food one of?
What is for soybeans?
What were received protesting the proposed regulations?
Who threatened to take the United States to court?
How many comments were received protesting the proposed regulations?
What gave the green light to genetically modified soybeans?
What did Alisa Harrison say the association was ``generally supportive of marketing and giving consumers a choice?''
What did many foods label organic sell for 10 percent to?
What are compared with 35 cents last year?
What was quite mild?
What did he say he expected to sell for 60 to 70 cents a pound?
When did Glickman act after a letter-writing campaign?
What did Secretary of Agriculture Dan Glickman say he hoped would also help the meat industry?
Who said, ``This is a boon for small companies like the federal rules''?
What did WASHINGTON The Department of Agriculture announce Thursday that it would allow farmers who raise meat and poultry without pesticide-treated feed to label?''
Where would they lower the state standards already?
Who did he say hoped to be selling 15,000 organic birds a week within a few months?
What have State regulations for years allowed on many other foods?
Who does it allow to use the organic label?
What do those standards require that there is a manure management plan?
What announced Thursday that it would allow farmers who raise meat and poultry without pesticide-treated feed to label their meat ``certified organic?''
What does Shainsky's company sell?
What are the federal rules welcomed by?
Who did Allen Shainsky say hoped to be selling 15,000 organic birds a week within a few months?
What withdrew the proposal in an unusual move?
What would they lower already in place?
What do those standards require third-party certification that meat and poultry have?
Who was Calif.?
What did the agency propose?
What was Allen Shainsky owner of in Petaluma?
What did WASHINGTON The Department of Agriculture announce Thursday?''
What treated the organic food industry as if it did not exist for decades?
Whose company sells around 120,000 birds per week?
What would they lower the state standards already in?
How many cents the pound are compared with 35 cents last year?
What will rely on state and industry certifiers as it allows producers to use the organic label?
Who did he say expected to sell organic pork for 60 to 70 cents a pound?
Who said he hoped Thursday's announcement would also help the meat industry?
Who said, ``In terms of going out with a national marketing program, it has been impossible''?
Who did Secretary of Agriculture Dan Glickman say hoped Thursday's announcement would also help the meat industry?
What require third-party certification that there is a manure management plan?
What is 28 cents a pound for live hogs?
What labeled organic sell for 10 percent to 50 percent above the price of similar nonorganic foods?
What was Petaluma?
What do those standards require third-party certification that they have?
What do those standards require that the meat and poultry are raised on organic feed?
What may come next year?
When did WASHINGTON The Department of Agriculture announce that it would allow farmers who raise meat and poultry without pesticide-treated feed to label their meat ``certified organic?''
What are 28 cents the pound compared with last year?
What does WASHINGTON The Department of Agriculture allow producers to use?
What do the federal rules go into immediately?
How many birds per week does Shainsky's company sell?
Who said, ``we have not been able to realize the true value of our animal production''?
Who sells its products under the Organic Valley label?
What does LaFarge sell its products under?
What have meat and poultry always been in?
What was hog farmers who have seen prices for pork as low as 9 cents a pound?
What did the proposal meet with from more than 275,000 people who said sales opposed the federal standards because they would lower the state standards already in place?
What did the agency withdraw the proposal in?
Who are welcomed by companies that grow organic meat?
Who said: ``This means a lot to the federal rules''?
What was pesticide-treated feed?
What would sales lower already in place?
What have always been in a different category, subject to more stringent federal labeling regulations?
What did an Agriculture Department spokesman describe as ``an interim step,'' until national standards exist?
What sells around 120,000 birds per week?
Who did WASHINGTON The Department of Agriculture announce Thursday that it would allow to label their meat ``certified organic?''
What does LaFarge sell under the Organic Valley label?
What did Alisa Harrison say?''
What will be the only organic food with a certification process approved by the federal government?
What are our dairy cattle?
When did Allen Shainsky say he hoped to be selling 15,000 organic birds within a few months?
What did organic food come to account for?
What would lower the state standards already in place?
What require third-party certification that the meat and poultry are raised on organic feed?
What grew more than 20 percent a year through the 1990s?
Who was owner of Petaluma Poultry Processors in Petaluma?
When may ``the interim step,'' until national standards exist come?
What do those standards require third-party certification that there is?
What do those standards require third-party certification?
What have allowed organic labels on many other foods?
What did many foods label organic sell for to 50 percent above the price of similar nonorganic foods?
Who has the secretary seen that this will create new opportunities to help?
What does it allow producers to use?
What are the federal rules's beef cattle?
What require third-party certification that meat and poultry have access to the outside?
What has the secretary seen that this will create to help small farmers?
What have been frustrated in attempts to market a premium product?
Who said, ``This is a boon for small companies like us''?
What did Glickman act after in the fall from small meat and poultry producers?
What are they welcomed by?
What did Alisa Harrison say the association was ``marketing and giving consumers a choice?''
Who was a spokeswoman for the National Cattlemen's Association?
Where would sales lower the state standards already?
What allows producers to use the organic label?
Who was Allen Moody?
Who said he expected to sell organic pork for 60 to 70 cents a pound?
What has the secretary seen?
Who said, ``the federal rules have not been able to realize the true value of our animal production''?
What require third-party certification that they have access to the outside?
What proposed national organic standards for all food?
What did Allen Moody say: ``means a lot to us''?
What did sales grow more than 20 percent a year through?
What did the proposal meet with from more than 275,000 people who said they opposed the federal standards because they would lower the state standards already in place?
What did the agency withdraw in an unusual move?
Who have not been able to get full value out of our beef cattle?
What do those standards require third-party certification on?
What did Secretary of Agriculture Dan Glickman say he hoped Thursday's announcement would also help?
What did he say he expected to sell organic pork for?
Who was Alisa Harrison?
What came to account for $1 of every $100 spent on food?
What would sales lower the state standards already in?
Who acted after a letter-writing campaign in the fall from small meat and poultry producers?
What have not been able to get full value out of our beef cattle?
What will that meat be the only organic food with?
What did the Agriculture Department treat as if it did not exist for decades?
What did an Agriculture Department spokesman describe the new meat and poultry policy as?
How many cents a pound for live hogs is the current price?
What did Secretary of Agriculture Dan Glickman say?
What was growth hormones or antibiotics?
What will that meat be with a certification process approved by the federal government?
What do those standards require that meat and poultry have access to the outside?
What are welcomed by companies that grow organic meat?
What met with stiff resistance from more than 275,000 people who said sales opposed the federal standards because they would lower the state standards already in place?
Who would lower the state standards already in place?
What have companies that grow organic meat been frustrated in?
What did Alisa Harrison say was ``generally supportive of niche marketing and giving consumers a choice?''
What go into effect immediately?
What did the proposal meet with stiff resistance from?
Who said, ``In terms of going out with a national marketing program, this has been impossible''?
Who was the meat industry?
When did he say he hoped to be selling 15,000 organic birds within a few months?
If an animal becomes ill and must be given antibiotics what can no longer be sold as organic?
Who said the association was ``generally supportive of niche marketing and giving consumers a choice?''
When did the Agriculture Department treat the organic food industry as if it did not exist?
What did Allen Moody say: ``means a lot to the federal rules''?
When are 28 cents the pound compared with 35 cents?
What was LaFarge?
What do those standards require third-party certification that the meat and poultry are raised on?
Who was a feed coordinator for the Coulee Region Organic Produce Pool, or Cropp, in LaFarge?
Who has seen that this will create new opportunities to help small farmers?
Who will the Agriculture Department rely on as it allows producers to use the organic label?
Who was Allen Shainsky?
Who said he hoped to be selling 15,000 organic birds a week within a few months?
What did Secretary of Agriculture Dan Glickman say he hoped?
What met with stiff resistance from more than 275,000 people who said they opposed the federal standards because they would lower the state standards already in place?
Who does WASHINGTON The Department of Agriculture allow to use the organic label?
Who described the new meat and poultry policy as ``an interim step,'' until national standards exist?
Who said: ``This means a lot to us''?
Who was Wis.?
When did Allen Shainsky say he hoped to be selling 15,000 organic birds a week?
What do those standards require that they have access to the outside?
When did Allen Shainsky say?
What did he say for?
When did he say he hoped to be selling 15,000 organic birds a week?
When did he say?
What are our beef cattle?
What did Allen Moody say: ``This means''?
What is the current price?
What have State regulations for years allowed organic labels on?
Who was the Hudson Institute?
What does organic food account for?
What did Avery say until?''
Who says it's lethal?
What did Katherine DiMatteo say that manure is not the major source of?
What does Dennis T. Avery say's lethal?
What were not?
What did Katherine DiMatteo say for?
What did Avery say he had never ``bothered until O157: H7?''
What was his employer?
Where do Dennis T. Avery not think?
What accounts for only 1 percent of food sales in the country?
What are hormones?
What is to prevent organic agriculture from becoming the norm?
Who was American Outlook magazine published by?
What are the terms without significant difference in terms of public health to Dennis T. Avery?
What did Avery say he had never ``bothered that much about consumer safety aspects of until O157: H7?''
What use animal manure?
Who do I not think are in a position to say anything one way or another about it?
What do I not think in?
Who was Dr. Robert Lake?
Whose real goal is to prevent organic agriculture from becoming the norm?
What did Avery say he had never ``bothered that much about consumer safety aspects of organic food until?''
What do Dennis T. Avery not think the Food and Drug Administration are in?
What might have gone unnoticed?
Whose employer was the Hudson Institute?
What does Dennis T. Avery not care?
What does Dennis T. Avery say?
What was published by Dennis T. Avery's employer?
Who wrote, ``Organic foods have clearly become the deadliest food choice in an article in the fall issue of American Outlook magazine''?
What does the attack on organic food by a well-financed research organization suggest?
What did he say, ``My big concern is''?
Who said he had never ``bothered that much about consumer safety aspects of organic food until O157: H7?''
Who used the terms ``organic''?
What did he call organic?
Who was the executive director of the Organic Trade Association?
Who said, ``the Food and Drug Administration do not go out of our way to sample organic food''?
What was published by his employer?
What did Katherine DiMatteo say that certain rules must be followed for?
What do Dennis T. Avery not think in?
What do not use chemicals or permit pasteurization?
Who are distinctions without significant difference in terms of public health to me?
Who called the outbreak organic?
Who do not think the Food and Drug Administration are in a position to say anything one way or another about it?
What did Avery write as?
When did Avery say in an interview, ``I grant you that I 've mixed together natural and organic''?
What does he say's lethal?
Who said, ``My big concern is that we do not have room on the planet to feed ourselves organically''?
What do their researchers find in organic foods in?
What was Dennis T. Avery's employer?
What did he say?
Who said, ``We do not go out of our way to sample organic food''?
Who said?
What are pesticides or synthetic fertilizers?
What do their researchers find in in the article?
What did Katherine DiMatteo say?
What do Dennis T. Avery not think are in a position to say anything one way or another about it?
Whose employer was American Outlook magazine published by?
What was the Hudson Institute?
What did he say that that assertion was based on in the interview?
Who said, ``My big concern is that the Food and Drug Administration do not have room on the planet to feed ourselves organically''?
Who said in an interview last week, ``I grant you that I 've mixed together natural and organic''?
Who does not care what it takes?
Who said that organic food could not feed the world without destroying the environment?
What was a conservative research group?
What did Dennis T. Avery say, ``My big concern is''?
What did Avery write, ``Organic foods have clearly become the deadliest food choice in''?
Where were excerpts from the article published?
Who are they distinctions without significant difference in terms of public health to?
What did Dennis T. Avery say that organic food could not feed without destroying the environment?
What do organic farms use?
What are they distinctions without to me?
What does he not care?
Who was Katherine DiMatteo?
What did Lake deny making?
What does he say?
What were published in The Wall Street Journal?
What were excerpts from the article published in?
Who does not think we are in a position to say anything one way or another about it?
What did Dennis T. Avery call organic?
What do I not think we are in?
Who said that manure is not the major source of fertilizer on organic farms?
What does Dennis T. Avery want to go away?
What did Avery say in last week, ``I grant you that I 've mixed together natural and organic''?
Where do Dennis T. Avery not think the Food and Drug Administration are?
What do the Food and Drug Administration's researchers find in in the article?
What was Katherine DiMatteo the executive director of?
What did Avery write that because ``organic farmers use animal manure as the major source of fertilizer,'' there are?
Who did Avery say had never ``bothered that much about consumer safety aspects of organic food until O157: H7?''
What do the Food and Drug Administration's researchers find in organic foods in?
What did Dennis T. Avery say that that assertion was based on a statement by Dr. Robert Lake in?
What did Avery say in an interview last week, ``I grant you''?
What are they without significant difference in terms of public health to me?
Who are the terms distinctions without significant difference in terms of public health to?
Who wrote that because ``organic farmers use animal manure as the major source of fertilizer,'' there are higher levels of harmful bacteria in organic food?
Who does not care what organic food takes?
Who said that that assertion was based on a statement by Dr. Robert Lake in the interview?
What suggests that the conventional food industry is worried?
What were continue to be picked up around the country?
Who find in organic foods in the article?
What did Katherine DiMatteo say that manure is not?
Who says organic food's lethal?
What were not organic?
What did Dennis T. Avery say?
What are distinctions without significant difference in terms of public health to me?
What did he say on in the interview?
What did Avery write that because ``organic farmers use animal manure as the major source of fertilizer,'' there are higher levels of?
Who was Avery?
What did he say that organic food could not feed without destroying the environment?
Who was the author of ``Saving the Planet With Pesticides and Plastic''?
What are the terms distinctions without to Dennis T. Avery?
What did Dennis T. Avery say on in the interview?
Where do I not think?
What did he say that that assertion was based on a statement by Dr. Robert Lake in?
Who was an official in the agency's Center for Food Safety and Nutrition?
What denied making such a statement?
Who wants organic food to go away?
What is the simplest definition of ``organic'' food grown without?
Where do I not think we are?
What is untrue?
What is used?
What is food grown without hormones?
What did Dennis T. Avery say that that assertion was based on in the interview?
Who said that certain rules must be followed for safety?
What are distinctions without significant difference in terms of public health to Dennis T. Avery?
What was Avery the author of?
What can be devastating?
What does the genetically modified corn cost American farmers about a year?
What did more than 500,000 people sign a petition to the FDA demanding in addition?
What are shopping for sources of products that have not been genetically modified?
What did Glickman acknowledge that none of the agencies responsible for the safety of genetically modified foods _ had enough staff or resources to conduct such testing?
What has the Center for Food Safety filed a lawsuit against to reclassify genetic modification as an additive that would require labeling?
What did Glickman say in his speech Tuesday?''
What did we do in the late '70s when we embraced nuclear power as the primary source of our energy needs?
What is genetic modification the insertion of from one species of animal or plant or from microbes into another?
What happened?
What did he say ?
What is still part of our energy grid?
What did Glickman say ?
Who is Britain?
What is nuclear power 20 years ago a comparison?
What does nuclear power 20 years ago's not?
What are harmful to the environment?
Who did Glickman say in Tuesday that it was important to ``encourage the development of these new food production systems?''
What can the genetically modified corn not be separated from?
Who made his remarks at the National Press Club in Washington?
What is nuclear power still?
Who said he had spoken to ``White House people'' before he made his remarks at the National Press Club in Washington?
What did Glickman acknowledge?
What can it confer resistance on to certain insects and diseases that would in some cases require the use of pesticides?
Who believe is valid?
What did one other administration official say the speech had taken them by?
When did we do that when we embraced nuclear power as the primary source of our energy needs?
What filed comments protesting the inclusion of genetically modified foods as organic?
What is nuclear power still part of?
What is nuclear power 20 years ago that the biotech industry considers invidious?
What did the Agriculture Department propose?
Who believe that such products should be labeled?
What are those who oppose genetic modification of food do so on two grounds: The safety of these foods harmful to?
What has the Center for Food Safety filed against the FDA to reclassify genetic modification as an additive that would require labeling?
Who have said american farmers will no longer accept altered corn for export and have let farmers know they want conventionally grown corn?
Where did Glickman make his remarks at the National Press Club?
What does genetic modification alter?
What did Glickman seek to tone down to genetically modified foods?
What is Carrefour?
What is the Center for Food Safety?
What was the Environmental Defense Fund?
What did Glickman say to'' before he made his remarks at the National Press Club in Washington?
What did Glickman compare biotechnology today to?
What have to ensure public confidence in general, consumer confidence in particular?
Who are harmful to the environment?
What can confer resistance on plants to certain insects and diseases that would in some cases require the use of pesticides?
What is Switzerland?
Who said ``We have a way in this country of latching on to solutions''?
What did Glickman say in Tuesday that it was important to ``encourage the development of these new food production systems?''
What did Glickman say ``those who oppose genetic modification of food do so on two grounds: The safety of these foods have''?
What does it's not?
What is a comparison that the biotech industry considers invidious?
Who compared biotechnology today to nuclear power 20 years ago?
What are more problematic?
Who have to ensure public confidence in general, consumer confidence in particular?
What did more than 280,000 people file as organic?
What can genetic modification confer resistance on plants to?
Who sought to tone down the administration's rhetoric to genetically modified foods?
What are american farmers already in?
What is it a comparison?
What has never been tested?
What can it confer resistance on plants to?
Who have some of the largest exporters said will no longer accept altered corn for export and have let farmers know they want conventionally grown corn?
Who was Glickman known as?
Who did Glickman say had spoken to ``White House people'' before he made his remarks at the National Press Club in Washington?
What did more than 500,000 people sign a petition to the FDA demanding mandatory labeling of such foods in?
What called for labeling in a survey conducted by the European company Novartis?
What have some of the largest exporters said for?
What do we have to ensure public confidence in general, ?
What does not require testing that it is safe?
Who said in his speech Tuesday that it was important to ``encourage the development of these new food production systems?''
How many people signed a petition to the FDA demanding mandatory labeling of such foods in addition?
Who did that in the late '70s when we embraced nuclear power as the primary source of our energy needs?
What has filed a lawsuit against the FDA to reclassify genetic modification as an additive that would require labeling?
Who are already in deep financial trouble?
What signed a petition to the FDA demanding mandatory labeling of such foods in addition?
What has the Center for Food Safety filed a lawsuit against the FDA to reclassify as an additive that would require labeling?
When did Glickman say in a strong supporter of biotechnology that it was important to ``encourage the development of these new food production systems?''
What did he say, We also cannot force these new genetically engineered food products down consumers ' throats in?
What did more than 500,000 people sign a petition to demanding mandatory labeling of such foods in addition?
What does the Food and Drug Administration not require testing?
What can genetic modification confer resistance on to certain insects and diseases that would in some cases require the use of pesticides?
What did he make his remarks at in Washington?
What are they harmful to?
Who said the speech had taken them by surprise?
Where did he make his remarks at the National Press Club?
What did Glickman say ``have a way in this country of latching on to solutions''?
Who did one other administration official say the speech had taken by surprise?
What did he make at the National Press Club in Washington?
What did he compare biotechnology today to?
What can genetic modification confer on plants to certain insects and diseases that would in some cases require the use of pesticides?
What is assurances from the company that manufactures the genetically modified food?
Who was known as a strong supporter of biotechnology?
What did more than 500,000 people sign a petition to the FDA demanding mandatory labeling of in addition?
Who did he say ``have a way in this country of latching on to solutions''?
What did the Environmental Defense Fund file a petition with the EPA Tuesday asking it to require farmers to plant conventional corn around?
What did one other administration official say had taken them by surprise?
What proposed organic food regulations?
What did he make his remarks at the National Press Club in?
What do we have to ensure, consumer confidence in particular?
What is Migros from Switzerland?
What did Glickman make at the National Press Club in Washington?
What have some of the largest exporters said will no longer accept altered corn for export and have let farmers know they want conventionally grown corn?
What is genetic modification from one species of animal or plant or from microbes into another?
When did Glickman say in his speech that it was important to ``encourage the development of these new food production systems?''
Who said, We also cannot force these new genetically engineered food products down consumers ' throats in a speech earlier this year at Purdue University?
What's not the only part?
What did Glickman make his remarks at the National Press Club in?
What is the insertion of genes from one species of animal or plant or from microbes into another?
What did that in the late '70s when we embraced nuclear power as the primary source of our energy needs?
What did more than 500,000 people sign to the FDA demanding mandatory labeling of such foods in addition?
What did Glickman make his remarks at in Washington?
What is testing?
What can it confer on plants to certain insects and diseases that would in some cases require the use of pesticides?
What did Glickman say he had spoken to'' before he made his remarks at the National Press Club in Washington?
What costs American farmers about $200 million a year?
What did Glickman acknowledge that none of the agencies responsible for the safety of genetically modified foods _?
What do those who oppose genetic modification of food do so on two grounds: The safety of these foods have to ensure, consumer confidence in particular?
What has the Center for Food Safety filed a lawsuit against the FDA to reclassify genetic modification as?
What is still part of those who oppose genetic modification of food do so on two grounds: The safety of these foods's energy grid?
What is it that the biotech industry considers invidious?
What cannot be separated from the rest of the crop?
What did one other administration official say by?
What did more than 90 percent call for labeling in?
What are a consortium of major European retailers shopping for?
What did Glickman seek to tone down the administration's rhetoric to?
How many people filed comments protesting the inclusion of genetically modified foods as organic?
What did Glickman say in a strong supporter of biotechnology Tuesday?''
What does the Food and Drug Administration not require that it is safe?
What do those who oppose genetic modification of food do so on two grounds: The safety of these foods have to ensure public confidence in general, ?
What did he say ``We have''?
Who said in a strong supporter of biotechnology Tuesday that it was important to ``encourage the development of these new food production systems?''
What do Americans who do not necessarily oppose genetic engineering believe?
What did one other administration official say the speech had taken by surprise?
What have been genetically altered so that they can tolerate applications of an herbicide that kills the weeds in the same field?
What was a public interest lobbying group?
What alteres its genetic code?
What is a nonprofit advocacy group?
Who have said they will no longer accept altered corn for export and have let farmers know they want conventionally grown corn?
What did Glickman seek to down the administration's rhetoric to genetically modified foods?
What did Gary Barnett say today, each Albertson's store _ including 113 in its North Texas Division _ carries?
What's a health statement?
What has Albertson's more recently taken for adding varieties?
What do you know organic groceries are going?
What does Minyard's White note that his stores are just beginning to show a similar burgeoning variety of?
What is Kroger also carrying ``additive-free'' or ``all-natural'' lines of like an increasing number of competitors?
What are those items dispersed throughout rather than being relegated to a solitary corner?
Who said today, each Albertson's store _ including 113 in its North Texas Division _ carries a minimum of 25 certified organic produce items?
What are 45 and older?
What will it not be in marketing trials?
Who said ``older, more sophisticated shoppers's organic baby foods is one category doing extremely well''?
What also want to buy triple cream St. Andre cheese?
Who notes that his stores are just beginning to show a similar burgeoning variety of whole foods?
What does Middle age and affluence benefit?
What can mORE nn The surge of organic foods into mainstream markets in North Texas be explained in because of increasing numbers of suppliers: more demand?
What did Yates say has continued to expand?
What are all of Albertson's organic items scattered throughout rather than being segregated into an organics section in fact?
When did Sunrise Cereal slip into the General Mills tide?
What will not be the last of its kind, at least in marketing trials?
What do you know?
What does Cheerios maker General Mills roll out?
What do boomers remember from their college hippie days?
What led to near disaster for the apple industry?
What do more than 10,000 U. S. farms produce?
Who was once the Metroplex leader for certified organic produce and all-natural alternatives?
What amounted to a few selected stores featuring maybe three to eight certified organic items in 4-foot spaces dwarfed by the produce departments?
What is Coppell?
What was Fort Worth for?
What did Albertson's ``organic'' merchandising amount to?
What did that event lead to near disaster for?
Who remember granola and yogurt and herbal teas from their college hippie days?
When are hitting baby boomers at the same time?
Who said Dallas's storewide organics variety has continued to expand?
What did Jeff Lang say overall, are becoming widely available?
Who did Pat West say is stocking New Organics mustards, preserves and other canned and packaged foods in 45 of its 73 Texas and Oklahoma stores?
What is a ripening agent?
What has more recently taken the mainstream lead for adding varieties?
What are organic products projected to command 5 percent of total food sales in by the year 2001?
What has more recently taken the mainstream lead for carrying consistent supplies?
How many U. S. farms produce organic\/natural crops and livestock?
Who have whole foods long had a place with?
Who said in a prepared statement, ``In the last two to three years, momentum has begun to build in the organic food area''?
What are sales of organic foods in all categories definitely on?
What have grown by 15 percent to 25 percent annually for the past seven years?
What will it not be the last of its kind, at least in?
What was for example?
Who was Albertson's North Texas Division grocery sales manager?
Who also want to buy triple cream St. Andre cheese?
Who are Middle age and affluence hitting at the same time?
What did Huddleston say ?
What are an independent natural-products information source?
Who do older, more sophisticated shoppers want to buy?
What are being snapped up by consumers who make more than $50,000 a year?
Who see a gradual greening in the diet of the American consumer?
What are definitely on the increase?
What do you know are going mainstream?
What do supply and demand vary widely from?
What do some locations in the Minyard chain carry as many as 30 to 40 certified organic produce?
What was the organics section flagged by?
What did Huddleston say ``Our organic baby foods is''?
Who has the meaning of ``natural'' morphed to include exotics: cheeses, butters and fish and varieties of vegetables only read about 30 years ago?
What did White say of, ``older, more sophisticated shoppers 're looking toward the future''?
What are Middle age and affluence hitting baby boomers at?
What was flagged by signs identifying them as organic?
Whose organic baby foods did Huddleston say ?
Whose regional marketing director was Pat West?
Whose ``organic'' merchandising amounted to a few selected stores featuring maybe three to eight certified organic items in 4-foot spaces dwarfed by the produce departments?
What is the steady growth of the organic market not?
Who is Texas?
When benefits the all-natural-food industry?
What did Pat West say Winn-Dixie Texas based in Fort Worth is stocking New Organics mustards, preserves and other canned and packaged foods in?
What has also been gradually capturing space on the canned and packaged grocery aisles of many area supermarkets?
What are dispersed throughout the produce department rather than being relegated to a solitary corner?
What was Minyard?
What did Gary Barnett say offer 38 to 45?
Who was Jeff Lang?
What do grocers see?
What does Minyard's White note that his stores are just beginning to show?
What did Gary Barnett say today, each Albertson's store _ including 113 in its North Texas Division _ carries a minimum of?
Who slipped into the General Mills tide this summer?
What has the meaning of ``natural'' morphed to include exotics: cheeses, butters and fish and varieties of vegetables?
What is the grocer based in?
What has morphed to include exotics: cheeses, butters and fish and varieties of vegetables we only read about 30 years ago?
Who is based in Coppell?
What will it not be the last of in marketing trials?
Who said of the chain's commitment to organic growth, ``We 're looking toward the future''?
What will this summer not be in marketing trials?
What was flagged by signs identifying all of Albertson's organic items as organic?
What are organic products projected to command in the United States by the year 2001?
What does Minyard's White note?
What are these products?
Who said its storewide organics variety has continued to expand?
What have U. S. sales of organic and all-natural foods grown by annually for the past seven years?
Who said many locations offer 38 to 45?
What has the meaning of ``natural'' morphed to include exotics: cheeses, butters and fish and varieties of vegetables only read about 30 years ago?
What did Huddleston say ``is one category doing extremely well''?
Who has the meaning of ``natural'' morphed to include we only read about 30 years ago?
What is Albertson's?
Who also want it both ways: hip and healthful?
What is Kroger also carrying ``additive-free'' or ``all-natural'' lines of beef, chicken and pork like?
When are these products being snapped up by consumers who make more than $50,000?
What did Yates say?
What are organic products projected to command 5 percent of in the United States by the year 2001?
Who said overall, more and more categories of organic and natural foods are becoming widely available?
Where are organic products projected to command 5 percent of total food sales by the year 2001?
What is the grocer even stocking?
Who knows organic groceries are going mainstream?
Who is even stocking some organic produce that has yet to turn a profit?
Who want to buy Saint Johnswort?
What can be explained in large part because of increasing numbers of suppliers: more demand?
What was it?
What vary widely from store to store?
Who is also carrying ``additive-free'' or ``all-natural'' lines of beef, chicken and pork like an increasing number of competitors?
What is Kroger also carrying like an increasing number of competitors?
Who said of the chain's commitment to organic growth, ``older, more sophisticated shoppers 're looking toward the future''?
Who was the division's produce sales manager?
What is alar?
What do some locations in the Minyard chain carry as many as certified organic produce items?
Who is more likely to drive a Suburban than a VW bus?
Who was Gary Barnett?
What did Sunrise Cereal slip into this summer?
When are organic products projected to command 5 percent of total food sales in the United States?
What are flowing into mainstream supermarkets?
Who cited both nonrefrigerated versions and a new frozen line of certified organic baby foods?
Who rolls out an organic option to all those sugar-pumped floaters?
What was a political statement?
When have U. S. sales of organic and all-natural foods grown by 15 percent to 25 percent annually?
Whose organic baby foods did Huddleston say ``is one category doing extremely well''?
What did Pat West say Winn-Dixie Texas based in Fort Worth is stocking in 45 of its 73 Texas and Oklahoma stores?
What seems fairly natural?
What are all of Albertson's organic items scattered throughout the store rather than being segregated into an organics section in?
What have long had a place with the Birkenstocks and mantra crowd?
Who was Pat West?
What did that event lead to for the apple industry?
What can mORE nn The surge of organic foods into mainstream markets in North Texas be explained in large part because of?
What does it's?
Who was Winn-Dixie's regional marketing director?
What has Albertson's more recently taken for carrying consistent supplies?
Who was Tom Thumb based in Dallas once?
When do boomers remember granola and yogurt and herbal teas?
What will this summer not be the last of its kind, at least in?
What has morphed to include exotics: cheeses, butters and fish and varieties of vegetables granola and yogurt and herbal teas only read about 30 years ago?
What are sPINS?
What did Huddleston cite?
What will this summer not be the last of in marketing trials?
What did White say of, ``We 're looking toward the future''?
What are organics and natural foods flowing into?
What produce organic\/natural crops and livestock?
What are projected to command 5 percent of total food sales in the United States by the year 2001?
Who has the meaning of ``natural'' morphed to include granola and yogurt and herbal teas only read about 30 years ago?
Whose White notes that his stores are just beginning to show a similar burgeoning variety of whole foods?
What is already the Metroplex leader in overall grocery market share?
Who was Carnival and Sack ` N Save?
Who are these products being snapped up by a year?
What have whole foods long had with the Birkenstocks and mantra crowd?
When will not be the last of its kind, at least in marketing trials?
What are scattered throughout the store rather than being segregated into an organics section in fact?
What carry as many as 30 to 40 certified organic produce items?
What did Huddleston say ``older, more sophisticated shoppers's organic baby foods is''?
Who said ``Our organic baby foods is one category doing extremely well''?
What do that restaurant, and Waters ' muselike persona, influence?
Who is 51?
What does the USDA continue to work on to have a national standard for ``organic'' food?
What does Deaf Smith County farmer Frank Ford avoid using?
What will he go on to develop?
What does Gibbons promote the possibilities of nutrition through?
What Horace Fletcher chews?''
What does the USDA continue to work on guidelines to have?
Who is Gibbons?
Who do that restaurant, and Waters ' muselike persona, influence an entire generation of?
What he chews?''
What does Gibbons promote through wild foods?
What continues to work on guidelines to have a national standard for ``organic'' food?
What does Gibbons promote the possibilities of through wild foods?
What Horace Fletcher chews every bite of 32 times to ``reduce his intake of protein?''
Who avoids using synthetic fertilizers, herbicides and pesticides?
Who is a Texas native?
What he chews every bite of 32 times to ``reduce his intake of protein?''
What influence an entire generation of chefs who search out and promote food that is local and all-natural?
Who will go on to develop forms of peanut butter and dried cereals that fit into a vegetarian diet?
Who promotes the possibilities of nutrition through wild foods?
What will Seventh-day Adventist John Harvey Kellogg go on to develop?
What does he avoid using?
What is Euell Gibbons?
Who chews every bite of food 32 times to ``reduce his intake of protein?''
What could be labeled ``made with organic ingredients''?
What was Katherine DiMatteo executive director of?
What is one way to do this?
What had he followed?
What can the public send comments to by mail or on the Internet at www. ams. usda. gov/nop?
What passed the Organic Foods Production Act in 1990?
What could processed food that is made from at least 95 percent organic ingredients also carry?
What has never before been responsive to consumers ' desires or demands?
What could raw products carry the federal agency's organic seal on if they were 100 percent organic under the new rules?
What had a farmer followed?
Whose desires or demands has the agency never before been responsive to?
What had the Agriculture Department considered allowing?
When did Agriculture Secretary Dan Glickman say in an interview?
What is this?
What has a pilot project for crop insurance for organic farmers?
What did virtually all of them oppose those three processes of?
What does the agency enact?
What could raw products carry on the front of packaging if they were 100 percent organic under the new rules?
What would be prohibited not only in the organic ingredients but in the conventional ingredients in foods made partly with organic ingredients?
What could also carry the seal?
Who said, ``The document is certainly much closer to meeting industry expectations than the first one''?
How many processes did virtually all of them oppose of the more than 275,000 comments received in response to the original proposal in 1997?
What is how to treat organic crops that have been contaminated with drift from nearby genetically engineered crops?
What opposed those three processes of the more than 275,000 comments received in response to the original proposal in 1997?
What could the rules take by the end of the year?
Who said that a farmer would not be penalized if some low level of contamination occurred as long as he had followed all of the organic procedures required?
What did virtually all of them oppose of the more than 275,000 comments received in response to the original proposal in 1997?
What have sales of organic food been a year?
What is the agency clearly moving towards?
What is studying other things that might help the small- and medium-sized farmers who have mainly been ignored or even discriminated against by the agency for decades?
What is a way farmers can make more money?
What are supplies?
What is it also?
What is clearly moving towards stricter definitions of what constitutes organic food?
What is organic agriculture?
What is the Agriculture Department studying?
What could take effect by the end of the year?
What had the three processes considered allowing?
What does the administration's budget for the first time include as part of a larger effort to help the more than 12,000 organic farmers?
How many processes had the Agriculture Department considered allowing?
What may Products made with less than 50 percent organic ingredients use the word organic only in the list of ingredients on?
What could raw products carry on the front of packaging if the agency were 100 percent organic under the new rules?
What failed to win public approval?
What does the administration's budget for the first time include a $5. 5 million request for organic research as?
What do processed food containing at least 50 percent organic ingredients list up to?
What is one of the areas of concern that has been left vague in the new rules?
Who could the national standards help sell organic food abroad?
What could carry the federal agency's organic seal on the front of packaging if they were 100 percent organic under the new rules?
What list up to three of them?
What could the national standards help U. S. producers sell abroad?
What do the small- and medium-sized farmers who have mainly been ignored or even discriminated against by the agency for decades need?
What did the federal government's first effort to define fail to win?
Who may use the word organic only in the list of ingredients on the side panel?
What would the prohibition against those three processes not apply in?
What may Products made with less than 50 percent organic ingredients use the word organic only in on the side panel?
When have sales of organic food been increasing about 20 percent?
What would not apply in this case?
Who is afraid that some people are not going to bother to be organic anymore?
What can the public send to the Agriculture Department by mail or on the Internet at www. ams. usda. gov/nop?
What discourage rather than encouraging them to grow organic crops?
Who said, ``Frankly, I want to preserve family farming''?
What enacts the final rules?
What do the new rules represent one of several steps?
What are ingredients and production materials?
What could carry the federal agency's organic seal on the front of packaging if the agency were 100 percent organic under the new rules?
What do the new rules indicate?
What did the federal government's first effort to regulate organic food fail to win?
Who was Katherine DiMatteo?
When did Congress pass the Organic Foods Production Act?
What is the Department of Agriculture also?
What can the public send comments to the Agriculture Department by mail or on the Internet at?
Who said, ``The Agriculture Department's policies have made small farmers an endangered species''?
What has the agency never before been responsive to?
Who was executive director of the Organic Trade Association?
What is studying other things that might help them?
What had a farmer followed all of?
What could help U. S. producers sell organic food abroad?
What do we need?
What also prohibit the use of irradiation to decontaminate the products and the application of sewage sludge as fertilizer?
What did Congress pass in 1990?
What did virtually all of the more than 275,000 comments received in response to the original proposal in 1997 oppose those three processes of?
What could raw products carry the federal agency's organic seal on if the agency were 100 percent organic under the new rules?
What indicate an about-face in the department's attitude toward organic farming?
What could raw products carry the federal agency's organic seal on the front of packaging if the agency were 100 percent organic under?
What may Products made with less than 50 percent organic ingredients use only in the list of ingredients on the side panel?
What can send comments to the Agriculture Department by mail or on the Internet at www. ams. usda. gov/nop?
What do the rules also prohibit the use of to decontaminate the products and the application of sewage sludge as fertilizer?
What had he followed all of?
Who had followed all of the organic procedures required?
What could raw products carry the federal agency's organic seal on the front of packaging if they were 100 percent organic under?
What does the Agriculture Department have?
What do the rules also prohibit?
Who said that no level for drift had been set?
What did an Agriculture Department official say?
What is also a turning point in its relationship to consumers?
What could the rules take effect by?
What have been increasing about 20 percent a year?
Who need economic avenues for small- and medium-size farms?
What includes a $5. 5 million request for organic research as part of a larger effort to help the more than 12,000 organic farmers?
What should the Agriculture Department apply to other programs that affect small farmers?
What should consumers and farmers recognize they wield when they work together for their part?
What is the agency?
What must they be grown or manufactured without added hormones for raw products to be deemed 100 percent organic for?
What are they?''
What now needs to approve a final rule before it leaves office?
What may the department's response to the community of organic farmers herald to a sector of the farming world that has suffered from official neglect?
What do rules that would have established a nationwide certification program for organic foods govern?
What would have allowed the use of irradiation, sewage sludge and genetically modified organisms in the growing and preparation of foods to be called organic?
When was the editorial for the New York Times's editions of Thursday?
Who leaves office?
When did the agency release a Revised Proposed Rule?
What did the agency release on Tuesday?
What should the Agriculture Department apply it to?
What did it become clear during the 90-day comment period that followed?
What did the outcry from consumers and organic farmers force?
What does it leave?
What should consumers and farmers recognize the power they wield when they work together for?
What does irradiation also offer?
What does a Revised Proposed Rule leave?
What forced reconsideration?
What was March 9?
Who should consumers and farmers recognize the power wield when they work together for their part?
What govern marketing claims?
What must sewage sludge be grown or manufactured without added hormones for for example?
What should consumers and farmers recognize the power for their part?
What does the Clinton administration now need to approve before it leaves office?
Who are hardly what most people would consider ``organic?''
What should consumers and farmers recognize the power for rules that would have established a nationwide certification program for organic foods's part?
When did the Department of Agriculture become clear just how badly the department had stumbled?
What labeled ` organic to quote the department's own press release, the new rule ``specifically prohibits the use of genetic engineering''?
What must be grown or manufactured without added hormones for raw products to be deemed 100 percent organic for example?
Who should consumers and farmers recognize the power wield when they work together for rules that would have established a nationwide certification program for organic foods's part?
What would the agency have allowed to be called organic?
Who should recognize the power they wield when they work together for their part?
What is a dramatically improved document that may signal a significant new direction at Agriculture?
What may the department's response to the community of organic farmers herald a welcome new sensitivity to?
What should take what it has learned in developing these regulations _ especially the act of listening intently to farmers _?
What are hardly what most people would consider ``organic?''
What are those particular practices?''
What must they be grown or manufactured without added hormones for for example?
What should apply it to other programs that affect small farmers?
What does one think of?
What do not reflect a judgment on the relative safety or quality of organic foods as compared with conventional foods?
What released a Revised Proposed Rule on Tuesday?
What leaves office?
When was the editorial for its editions of Thursday?
What may herald a welcome new sensitivity to a sector of the farming world that has suffered from official neglect?
What should consumers and farmers recognize they wield when they work together for rules that would have established a nationwide certification program for organic foods's part?
What thinks of those particular practices?
What do they govern?
When did it become clear just how badly the department had stumbled?
What does the agency think of?
Who must be grown or manufactured without added hormones for raw products to be deemed 100 percent organic for example?
Who should recognize the power they wield when they work together for rules that would have established a nationwide certification program for organic foods's part?
What is it?
What does it also offer?
What also offers a strict standard defining what constitutes an organic food?
What should consumers and farmers recognize the power wield when they work together for rules that would have established a nationwide certification program for organic foods's part?
What became clear just how badly the department had stumbled during the 90-day comment period that followed?
What do the new rules not reflect?
What should consumers and farmers recognize the power wield when they work together for their part?
What should the Agriculture Department take?
What must sewage sludge be grown or manufactured without added hormones for raw products to be deemed 100 percent organic for?
Who govern marketing claims?
What did the Department of Agriculture become clear during the 90-day comment period that followed?
What carry advocates for natural pets?
What carry them?
What does Shapiro say is healthier and happier?
What did she start studying in?
So what are inventing new products and gadgets?
What is difficult to digest?
What now have online outlets?
What costs 69 cents at RiteAid?
What did we see?
What is Whiskers Holistic Pet Care?
Who says, ``Supermarket pet food is full of crap''?
Who is not persuaded?
What can pets and owners visit on their walks?
Who said, ``It's been worth it because no one's been really sick in my cat family''?
What are even using pet-facilitated therapies?
What does that consider all-natural?
What sells organic, all-natural pet foods?
What switch to those premium brands after having their cat on organic food?
What do recent studies say?
Who also have an array of pet vitamins and food supplements to improve the health of skin and fur?
What can see how certain products go over with their pets before buying?
What has shopped for her seven cats at Whiskers ever since it opened?
Who started studying what was in the food and switched to organic?
What does that have?
What should the pet owner of today provide?
What does Valentine say there is to say that cats on organic food are actually living longer?
Who was maker of Science Diet?
What say pets lower stress and blood pressure?
What do owners also have an array of to choose from?
Who should provide organic food, nutritional supplements, interactive toys and videos, and holistic remedies such as acupuncture, massage and aromatherapy?
What may be the Internet?
Who is a 13-year-old store in the East Village?
What costs more than twice as much as the more mainstream Fresh Step at the Barking Zoos?
What can visit many pet stores on their walks?
What do many pet stores now have?
What has the Internet helped build?
What admits, ``It's a big expense''?
What does no one's been really sick in?
What have pet owners also educated about pet-care options on hundreds of informational Web sites?
What is recommended because the cat will digest it easily if it licks the litter off its paws?
Who see a downside?
What can visit them on their walks?
What does Otero say?
What see pets as benefits to their own health?
What do owners also have an array of pet vitamins and food supplements to improve?
What admits, ``a 13-ounce can of organic dog food's a big expense''?
Who says, ``barking Zoos have not seen any studies that show organic foods are better than non-organic''?
What does not?
Who did see that?
Who have also educated themselves about pet-care options on hundreds of informational Web sites?
What is World's Best, made from 100 percent kernel corn?
What did officials at Hill's Pet Nutrition not return?
What did she lose to cancer?
What considers itself all-natural?
Who do barking Zoos carry?
What has sprung up to supply organic nutrition and holistic care to pets over the past 15 years or so?
What are processed?
What do owners also have to prevent urinary, kidney and liver problems?
What do people switch to after having their cat on organic food?
What is flushable?
What is braced by the strong economy in part?
What does Shapiro own?
What did she use to buy?
Who is money spent on pets really spent on after all?
Who is Lara Strazdin?
Who is the manager at Whiskers Holistic Pet Care?
Who lost a cat to cancer?
What do some store owners see?
Who says there is not enough data to say that cats on organic food are actually living longer?
How many cents at RiteAid does a same-sized can of Friskies ' Alpo cost?
What has helped build awareness and a customer base for natural pet supplies?
What can a human eat?
Who would border on negligence?
Who 'mes being a good parent?
Who is manager of public relations for Iams Co.?
What did Lara Strazdin start studying in?
What do barking Zoos carry?
What is the success of this market braced by in part?
What have one important advantage?
Who can pets and owners visit on their walks?
What do owners also have to repel pests?
Who says a 13-ounce can of organic dog food's pet is healthier and happier?
What smells better?
Who did not return calls seeking comment?
Who also have an array of pet vitamins and food supplements to repel pests?
Who feels like I 'm being a good parent?
What will the cat digest easily if it licks the litter off its paws?
Who is a Los Angeles veterinarian?
Who used to buy processed cat food?
What do owners also have an array of to prevent urinary, kidney and liver problems?
What is money spent on pets really spent on owners after?
What will digest there easily if it licks the litter off its paws?
What has an entire industry sprung up to supply to pets over the past 15 years or so?
Who says your pet is healthier and happier?
What has an entire industry sprung up to supply organic nutrition and holistic care to over the past 15 years or so?
What do owners also have an array of to improve the health of skin and fur?
What has Noel Canfield shopped for ever since it opened?
What's been really sick in my cat family?
Who have pet owners also educated about pet-care options on hundreds of informational Web sites?
Who says, ``barking Zoos do OK with that food''?
What does it boost?
What is Lara Strazdin manager of?
What did barking Zoos see?
Who says, ``They do OK with that food''?
What are finding that the pet market is a viable marketplace?
What does Whiskers sell?
What has Noel Canfield shopped for ever since a 13-ounce can of organic dog food opened?
What does a same-sized can of Friskies ' Alpo cost?
What has no artificial preservatives, no color or flavor enhancers, and no salt or sugar?
What opened?
What was Hill's Pet Nutrition maker of?
Who do I 'm being?
What does Valentine say?
Who says rawhide?
What does a seven-pound bag of World's Best cat litter cost as much as the more mainstream Fresh Step at the Barking Zoos?
So what are many people inventing?
What does an alternative to rawhide contain?
Who was Hill's Pet Nutrition?
What have people grown more knowledgeable and open to healthy living and alternative medicine in general in?
What do owners also have an array of pet vitamins and food supplements to prevent?
What may the biggest boon to the pet industry be?
What did she lose a cat to?
Who are processed?
Who says, ``There's been tremendous growth in the industry in the last 10-15 years''?
What can people see with before buying?
Who is Norma Otero?
What are more people finding that the pet market is?
What is the success of this market braced by the strong economy in?
Who can more Americans than ever afford for their pets?
Who can eat my food?
What do advocates for natural pets disagree about?
What says, ``People are valuing animals more than ever, and want to take care of them''?
What looks?
Who has to consider much more than food?
What boosts their immune system?
What does it consider all-natural?
Who do owners also have an array of pet vitamins and food supplements to repel?
What has shopped for Lara Strazdin's seven cats at Whiskers ever since a 13-ounce can of organic dog food opened?
What does it have?
Whose seven cats at Whiskers has Noel Canfield shopped for ever since a 13-ounce can of organic dog food opened?
What are more people finding?
What does a 13-ounce can of organic dog food cost up to?
Who agree?
What do owners also have an array of pet vitamins and food supplements to improve the health of?
What have gone online to research their own health and alternative medicines in particular?
What have pet owners also educated themselves about?
What does a seven-pound bag of World's Best cat litter cost more than twice as much as?
What have grown more knowledgeable and open to healthy living and alternative medicine in general in addition?
What are some hospitals even using?
What did see that?
What you would?
Who says, ``The Net has done wonders''?
What did Lara Strazdin lose a cat to?
When has an entire industry sprung up to supply organic nutrition and holistic care to pets?
Who is Dr. Roger Valentine?
What did Lara Strazdin lose to cancer?
What can more Americans than ever afford extras for?
What do owners also have to improve the health of skin and fur?
Who disagree about premium brands such as Iams and Hill's Science Diet?
Who 'mes a nurse?
What is recommended because it is flushable?
What does the conscientious pet owner have to consider much more than?
What do owners also have to choose from?
What do owners also have an array of to repel pests?
What is the cat litter?
Who does Shapiro say from?
Who can afford extras for their pets?
What contains bleach and glue?
What did Lara Strazdin use to buy?
What is really spent on owners after all?
Who says, ``We have not seen any studies that show organic foods are better than non-organic''?
Who is processed?
What do the local stores have?
What do people see as benefits to their own health?
Who owns a greyhound?
What costs up to $3. 99 at Whiskers?
Who also have an array of pet vitamins and food supplements to prevent urinary, kidney and liver problems?
What will digest it easily if it licks the litter off its paws?
What do people see pets as?
Who do I 'm?
Who also have an array of pet vitamins and food supplements to choose from?
What were pears?
What did I check the most recent ranking of by the Environmental Working Group?
What might the best source of that kind of information not be able to tell in?
What are systemic?
What did a reader explain that her husband called soup because they are cooked so long?
What might you not be able to tell in?
What are insoluble fibers?
What is Harold McGee the author of?
What has such a strong flavor?
What were at the top?
What is the Environmental Working Group at?
What is it suspended in?
What do the rankings reflect?
What is the safest alternative for those who are truly concerned about pesticides in conventional food?
Who wanted to know how pineapple juice and carrot juice can still have fiber in water-soluble vitamins B and C after they have been processed?
What was one reader anxious about?
What is at www. foodnews. org?
Who had a more pressing question: Can you make a low-fat blue cheese dressing like the bottled kind at home?
What will reduce the level?
What is the sediment?
What are cellulose and lignin?
What falls to the bottom of the glass?
What were peaches?
What is Pectin?
What did a reader wonder about in soup?
What does?
What depends on the type of fruit or vegetable and on how long it is cooked?
What did another reader have?
What can the best source of that kind of information make a low-fat blue cheese dressing in?
What does not appear to have any texture?
What were potatoes?
What was the top followed by?
What reflect the number of pesticides in various fruits and vegetables, and the percentage of each category that is cantaminated with pesticides?
Who did another reader want to know in?
What is Pectin suspended in?
Who wondered if peeling vegetables reduced the pesticide level?
Who explained that her husband called soup ``dead vegetables'' because they are cooked so long?
What do water-soluble vitamins B and C leach out of when in this case they go directly into the soup?
Who have been processed?
Who can make a low-fat blue cheese dressing in the bottle?
What did another reader want to know in?
Who checked the most recent ranking of produce by the Environmental Working Group?
What do they have?
What was a nonprofit research organization in Washington?
Where were apples?
What did I check by the Environmental Working Group?
What do leach out of vegetables when in this case they go directly into the soup?
What does Pectin not appear to have?
What _ Readers often send me questions that are of interest to more than an audience of one?
What can you make a low-fat blue cheese dressing in?
What is given below?
Who explains?
What is the guar gum used as?
What did a reader wonder about the nutritional value of vegetables in?
What were celery and green beans?
Who wondered about the nutritional value of vegetables in soup?
What is Pectin used to?
What is organic food for those who are truly concerned about pesticides in conventional food?
What no.?
What was peaches?
What were strawberries?
What can the best source of that kind of information make dressing in the bottle?
Who have almost all involved fruits and vegetables?
What was followed by spinach?
What was spinach?
What was the Environmental Working Group?
Who is the best source of that kind of information?
What did a reader explain that her husband called ``dead vegetables'' because they are cooked so long?
What is soluble fiber?
What does blue cheese have?
What will the dressing keep for a week or two in?
What can make a low-fat blue cheese dressing in the bottle?
Who was anxious about the pesticides in strawberries?
What is the safest alternative organic food for?
What are cooked so long?
Who can log on to the Web site of the Environmental Working Group?
What is Harold McGee?
Who might not be able to tell it was in the juice?
What explains?
What is insoluble fiber?
What do leach out of vegetables when they are cooked in liquid?
What will keep for a week or two in the refrigerator, tightly covered?
What does the sediment fall to?
What is suspended in the liquid?
What is delicious on ripe tomatoes or Belgian endive and as an alternative to the usual dressing for coleslaw or potato salad?
What is soluble?
What might not be able to tell Pectin was in the juice?
Who had a more pressing question: Can the best source of that kind of information make a low-fat blue cheese dressing like the bottled kind at home?
Where does the sediment fall?
What did I check the most recent ranking of produce by?
What does it not appear to have?
What will peeling fruits and vegetables reduce?
When will the dressing keep in the refrigerator, tightly covered?
What cannot be seen because it is suspended in the liquid?
Who is Harold McGee?
What have almost all involved fruits and vegetables?
What is used to gel jellies?
What do questions that are of interest have?
What were red raspberries?
What were Chilean grapes?
What did a reader explain?
What can readers interested in more data on pesticides in food log on to?
What can you make dressing in the bottle?
Who are cooked so long?
What were apples at?
What do water-soluble vitamins B and C leach out of when they are cooked in liquid?
What do the rankings reflect the number of?
What do NEW YORK _ Readers often send me questions that are of interest to?
What have been processed?
Who is the author of ``On Food and Cooking''?
What is used as a thickener?
Who wanted to know how pineapple juice and carrot juice can still have fiber in them after they have been processed?
What knew what vegetarians were until the 1960s?
What was the admission followed by?
How many false charges were these?
Who did Alan Wilson continue: ``Any science that comes to market has to benefit''?
What refers to mad cow disease or bovine spongiform encephalopathy?
Who continued: ``the presentation of GM foods here was very, very poor''?
What have had a much higher profile in England than in this country for generations?
What are clearly marked?
What did everyone know?
What does Sainsbury have?
What were cited for the findings?
What did Alan Wilson cite organophosphates in?
What was for Britons that apparently was the last straw?
What did the ``agri-industrial food establishment'' mount?
What do the reader learn not until the fifth paragraph?
What is a series of food scares there that have made consumers uneasy?
What was followed by the appearance of genetically modified foods?
When did the country know?
Who said the furor last year over genetically modified foods occurred because ``it threatened to take away choice from British consumers?''
What do trends spread more rapidly there because of?
What comes to sales of organic food?
Who has developed a line of organic foods under the Duchy label?
What does organic mean?
What do Sams not have the same sense of?
What are also making a point of stocking organic ingredients?
What are in natural food stores?
What are mainstream in Britain?
What did Alan Wilson cite in carrots?
What did it threaten to take away from British consumers?
Who do not have the same sense of the country?
Who added, ``organic seems to answer these kinds of emotional concerns and issues''?
What are supermarket magazines?
What are the bulk of organic sales in?
What does it come to?
What are found in newspapers and in supermarket magazines?
Where did Sams say, the press has been very supportive of organics?
Who are supermarket magazines particularly those of?
What did the government acknowledge in 1997?
What must have agribusiness and biotech industry worried?
What does Waitrose have?
What did Sams say in England, the press has been very supportive of?
What has no national organic standards which ``undermines the market and deters big companies from going in?''
What is deadly?
What do you not have the same sense of?
What must the thriving organic movement in Britain have worried?
Who said in England, the press has been very supportive of organics?
Who was Mass.?
Who was an agronomist and organic food consultant for Waitrose?
What are the British leaving the Americans in?
What were salmonella in eggs and BSE in cattle?
Who believes that the British are more connected to their environment?
What spread more rapidly there because of Britain's size?
What are in conventional supermarkets unlike the United States?
Who said, ``The English love to go for long rambling walks in the countryside''?
What does Sams believe that the British are more connected to?
What are other supermarket chains also making?
What account for the differences between the two countries?
What is a nationwide organic certifier?
What do a number of factors account for?
Who did he continue: ``Any science that comes to market has to benefit''?
What insisted that it could not be passed from cattle to humans for several years?
What did the British government insist that it could not be passed from to humans for several years?
What did the European Union's organic rules take in 1993?
Who did it threaten to take away choice from?
What were no sources cited for?
When did the European Union's organic rules take effect?
What were these?
What does the latter refer to?
What were carrots?
Who was the baker?
What did the furor last year over genetically modified foods threaten to take away from British consumers?
What does the United States have?''
When are sales?
Who the admission was for?
What did Sams say in England, the press has been?
Who was the butcher?
What has Prince Charles developed a line of under the Duchy label?
What are organics?
Who are the British leaving in the dust?
What are years?
Who did the British government insist that it could not be passed from cattle to for several years?
What did he continue: ``has to benefit consumers''?
Who was the country's largest organic organization?
What repeated any part of the story?
What does organic mean free of?
What was GM just?
What is the simple answer?
What destroys the brain?
What did Alan Wilson continue: ``has to benefit consumers''?
When did the British government insist that it could not be passed from cattle to humans?
What has as much clout as all of this country's organic institutions combined?
How many chains leading the organic charge are supermarket magazines?
What was Katherine DiMatteo executive director of?
Who are leaving the Americans in the dust?
What does Sams believe to?
What was Katherine DiMatteo?
What did Alan Wilson continue: ``here was very, very poor''?
What is stronger than ever?
What are listeria in ready-to-eat meats and E. coli O157?
What did Wilson say occurred because ``it threatened to take away choice from British consumers?''
Who was executive director of the Organic Trade Association in Greenfield?
Who was coming out of the underground when I was confronted by a front-page headline in The Daily Mail on my visit to London in May?
What warned, ``Organic Mushrooms Were Contaminated With Deadly Bacteria?''
Who learn that the headline was false not until the fifth paragraph?
Who was Alan Wilson?
What did Sams say in, the press has been very supportive of organics?
What acknowledged that BSE could be transmitted in 1997?
What was just another gift to the organic movement?
Who could have added vegetarianism?
What are particularly those of Waitrose and Sainsbury?
What took effect in 1993?
What were not the first false charges?
What did the British government insist from for several years?
Who said, because everyone knew what organic meant when the European Union's organic rules took effect in 1993, it improved credibility?
What means free of genetically modified ingredients?
What has Prince Charles developed a line of organic foods under?
What do the reader learn that the headline was false not until?
What has also not been lost on his subjects?
What has since died down?
What did only one of Britain's many newspapers repeat any part of?
What was Prince Charles coming out of the underground when I was confronted by a front-page headline in The Daily Mail on?
What has Prince Charles developed under the Duchy label?
What was I coming out of the underground when I was confronted by a front-page headline in The Daily Mail on?
What knew what organic meant?
Who does not have the same sense of the country?
Who said?
What did only one of Britain's many newspapers repeat?
What has the deep involvement of Prince Charles in organics and genetic engineering issues also not been lost on?
How many stores does Sainsbury have?
What has he developed under the Duchy label?
What has he developed a line of organic foods under?
What was Prince Charles coming out of when I was confronted by a front-page headline in The Daily Mail on my visit to London in May?
What have meatless diets had a much higher profile in England than in this country for?
Who was Katherine DiMatteo?
What have meatless diets had than in this country for generations?
Who was neighborhood green grocer?
What has he developed a line of under the Duchy label?
What did he say, because everyone knew when the European Union's organic rules took effect in 1993, it improved credibility?
What do Sams not have?
What is not?
What could Alan Wilson have added?
What did Alan Wilson say, because everyone knew when the European Union's organic rules took effect in 1993, it improved credibility?
What are chickens and eggs?
Whose assessment did Katherine DiMatteo agree with?
What did Katherine DiMatteo agree with?
What mounted ``an ill-informed and unjustified smear campaign'' that tried to link organic food to the hazardous form of E. coli?
What did he continue: ``here was very, very poor''?
What has the Soil Association as much clout as combined?
What are the two chains leading the organic charge?
What do you not have?
What was I coming out of when I was confronted by a front-page headline in The Daily Mail on my visit to London in May?
Who did the furor last year over genetically modified foods threaten to take away choice from?
When did the government acknowledge that BSE could be transmitted?
What did Sams say in England, has been very supportive of organics?
What threatened to take away choice from British consumers?
What are 70 percent to 80 percent of the sales in England in conventional supermarkets unlike?
What is the simple answer a series of?
Who did Wilson say from?''
Who are clearly marked?
Who has more than 120?
Who is the Soil Association?
What could he have added?
Who has about 440 stores?
What are 70 percent to 80 percent of the sales in England in unlike the United States?
Who agreed with Sams ' assessment?
Who continued: ``Any science that comes to market has to benefit consumers''?
What does bovine spongiform encephalopathy destroy?
Who cited organophosphates in carrots?
What lurch toward a national standard for organic food?
What rose by about 30 percent last year?
What do french officials expect that figure to rise to this year?
What has Agriculture Secretary Dan Glickman said?''
When did production of organic milk in France rise 77 percent to about 25 million gallons?
What do &UR; &QL; &LR; &UR; SAN FRANCISCO _ &LR; Like much of the rest of the world, the United States continues to lurch toward?
Who prefer to deal with one national standard rather than multiple state and private standards?
What did &LR; The sale of organics rise by last year?
What is certified by various private and state organizations that each use their own standards for the term?
What do international trade officials prefer to deal with?
Who to export their products because international trade officials prefer to deal with one national standard rather than multiple state and private standards?
What are going wild for organic milk?
What will also be banned?
What is still relatively small?
What will the national standard establish clear labeling criteria so consumers know?
What _ New Zealand?
What has Agriculture Secretary Dan Glickman said that the pending national organic program will be?''
What will the national standard establish so consumers know exactly what they are buying?
How many estimated countries are producing significant amounts of certified organic food?
What are average organic-food sales expected to grow by a year for the next decade?
Who know exactly what they are buying?
What are expected to grow by almost 25 percent a year for the next decade?
What is organic food certified by?
What is not alone in the organic revolution?
What will establish clear labeling criteria so consumers know exactly what they are buying?
What will exports focus on?
What does only a limited amount of food meet?
What are an estimated 130 countries producing?
When should a final version of the regulations be ready for adoption?
When do french officials expect that figure to rise to 40 million gallons?
When did &LR; The sale of organics rise by about 30 percent?
What _ Australia?
What did sewage sludge and irradiation in the production of food products label ``organic'' among?
What labeled ``organic'' among other rules?
When are average organic-food sales expected to grow by almost 25 percent for the next decade?
What gathered the last of some 41,000 public comments on the proposed national organic standard in June?
What do &UR; _?
What do consumers know?
What rose 77 percent to about 25 million gallons in 1999?
What offer a national definition of the term ``organic?''
What are an estimated 130 countries producing significant amounts of?
What continues to see unprecedented growth?
What will focus on produce?
What did the Department of Agriculture gather the last of on the proposed national organic standard in June?
What did the Department of Agriculture gather the last of some 41,000 public comments on?
What did production of organic milk in France rise 77 percent to in 1999?
What is set to take effect in April?
What meets the new standards?
What did &UR; _?
What are producing significant amounts of certified organic food?
What do french officials expect to rise to 40 million gallons this year?
What is the United States not alone in?
What does the U. S. organic industry continue to see?
When are average organic-food sales expected to grow by almost 25 percent a year?
What are the French going wild for?
What do &UR; &QL; &LR; &UR; SAN FRANCISCO _ &LR; Like lurch toward a national standard for organic food?
What did production of organic milk in France rise to about 25 million gallons in 1999?
What organic farmers to export because international trade officials prefer to deal with one national standard rather than multiple state and private standards?
What did the Department of Agriculture gather on the proposed national organic standard in June?
What should be ready for adoption by fall?
Who expect that figure to rise to 40 million gallons this year?
Who has said that the pending national organic program will be ``the most comprehensive and strongest organic standard in the world?''
What should a final version of the regulations be ready for by fall?
What _ France?
Who are likely to use alternative labels like ``reduced chemical?''
Who estimate?
What was Cynthia McFadden?
What did it say it would make a correction on?
Who said they were trying to determine why the group's assertion about the supposed pesticide tests was not properly addressed when it was first raised?
What had potential problems with the report learned in?
What said Monday that a report challenging the assumed benefits of organic food was partly based on research that did not exist?
When was it not the issue had been raised with ABC News?
What did the New York Times address two weeks in?
Who were potential problems with the report answered by?
What did executives say David Fitzpatrick was responsible for?
What did Stossel re-emphasize in an on-the-air conversation with Cynthia McFadden anchor?
What believed it was an honest mistake?
Who was a ``20\/20''?
When was the New York Times not the issue had been raised with ABC News?
What will Stossel make?
Who were they answered by?
Who believed it was an honest mistake?
What was it not the first time with?
Who was David Fitzpatrick?
Who said they were still looking into that accusation?
What said, ``In making that statement, Mr. Stossel was relying on inaccurate information that had been provided to him''?
Whose assertion about the pesticide tests had potential problems with the report learned in?
What did they believe it was?
What did ABC confirm that pesticide tests were never performed on in a statement released Monday?
Whose assertion about the pesticide tests had they learned in?
What was the New York Times not the first time had been raised with ABC News?
What were problems with the report first brought to by the members of the Environmental Working Group?
What was David Fitzpatrick producer of?
What do they apprise Stossel of their findings in?
What was ABC?
What did executives say were trying to determine how the error appeared?
What did ABC confirm that pesticide tests were never performed on produce in?
What do potential problems with the report apprise Stossel of in a letter dated Feb. 8?
What did they not think?
Who will make the correction?
What had potential problems with the report learned that Stossel's assertion about the pesticide tests was in after speaking with the researchers?
What did NEW YORK _ ABC News say Monday on?
What was not the first time the issue had been raised with ABC News?
What supports the consumption of organic food?
When did NEW YORK _ ABC News say that a report challenging the assumed benefits of organic food was partly based on research that did not exist?
Who were problems with the report first brought to light by?
What confirmed that pesticide tests were never performed on produce in a statement released Monday?
Who was producer of the segment?
What did it say it would make on Friday night's ``20\/20'' program?
What did the Environmental Working Group also contend that Stossel's report had inappropriately implied?
What said it would make a correction on Friday night's ``20\/20'' program?
What did not think Fitzpatrick would be disciplined?
What did the New York Times address in an article?
Who did executives at ABC say were trying to determine why the group's assertion about the supposed pesticide tests was not properly addressed when it was first raised?
Who did executives not think would be disciplined?
Whose report did the Environmental Working Group also contend?
Who did ABC steer blame away from?
What did the correspondent John Stossel say in the report?
What did it say would make a correction on Friday night's ``20\/20'' program?
When did the New York Times address in an article?
What did the correspondent John Stossel say showed that conventional produce did not necessarily have more pesticide residue than did organic produce in the report?
What did Fitzpatrick assert that ABC did in?
What did ABC confirm on in a statement released Monday?
What does the Environmental Working Group support the consumption of?
What did it say on?
What did the correspondent John Stossel say research commissioned by ABC News showed in the report?
What did they believe?
What steered blame away from Stossel?
What addressed them in an article?
Who began looking into potential problems with the report two weeks ago?
Who re-emphasized the pesticide assertion in an on-the-air conversation with Cynthia McFadden anchor?
What did NEW YORK _ ABC News say it would make a correction on?
What was rerun?
Who did the New York Times address in an article?
Who did it steer blame away from?
Who do they apprise in a letter dated Feb. 8?
Who said research commissioned by ABC News showed that conventional produce did not necessarily have more pesticide residue than did organic produce in the report?
What was the New York Times not the first time the issue had been raised with?
What did the correspondent John Stossel say research commissioned by ABC News showed that conventional produce did not necessarily have more pesticide residue than did organic produce in?
What does the Environmental Working Group support?
What did executives say were trying to determine how it appeared?
What apprised Stossel of their findings in a letter dated Feb. 8?
What had they learned in?
What did executives say into?
What did NEW YORK _ ABC News say on?
What had they learned that Stossel's assertion about the pesticide tests was in after speaking with the researchers?
Who did they not think would be disciplined?
Who said David Fitzpatrick was responsible for the error?
What was a unit of Walt Disney?
Who did executives say were still looking into that accusation?
What was the report?
Who were answered by Fitzpatrick?
What was the New York Times not the first time with?
What were first brought to light by the members of the Environmental Working Group?
Who had learned that Stossel's assertion about the pesticide tests was in error after speaking with the researchers?
What did executives at ABC say were trying to determine why the group's assertion about the supposed pesticide tests was not properly addressed when it was first raised?
Who asserted that ABC did in a letter?
What did Stossel re-emphasize the pesticide assertion in anchor?
What did the correspondent John Stossel say research commissioned by ABC News showed that conventional produce did not necessarily have in the report?
Who do potential problems with the report apprise in a letter dated Feb. 8?
What do they apprise Stossel of in a letter dated Feb. 8?
What did executives say for?
Who said they were trying to determine how the error appeared?
What did the New York Times address them in?
What did NEW YORK _ ABC News say it would make on Friday night's ``20\/20'' program?
What did they believe was an honest mistake?
What did NEW YORK _ ABC News say would make a correction on Friday night's ``20\/20'' program?
What did Fitzpatrick assert in a letter?
What did executives not think?
Who did executives say were trying to determine how the error appeared?
Who said they were trying to determine how it appeared?
What was it not the first time had been raised with ABC News?
Who apprised Stossel of their findings in a letter dated Feb. 8?
Who was ABC a unit of?
What was it not the first time the issue had been raised with?
Who did executives say was responsible for the error?
What do potential problems with the report apprise Stossel of their findings in?
What did he say in, ``Our tests found no pesticide residue on the conventional samples or the organic''?
Who did executives say were trying to determine how it appeared?
What did executives at ABC say?
What did executives say they were still looking into?
How many weeks did the New York Times address in an article?
What did NEW YORK _ ABC News say Monday that a report challenging the assumed benefits of organic food was partly based on?
What were answered by Fitzpatrick?
What had learned that Stossel's assertion about the pesticide tests was in error after speaking with the researchers?
Who did not think Fitzpatrick would be disciplined?
What did executives say were still looking into that accusation?
What did the Environmental Working Group also contend?
What did executives say?
What addressed two weeks in an article?
Where did the concept of organic food first appear ten years ago?
What has Organic food become?
What is the future of the organic food industry estimated that in the coming years, the scale of the world's organic food market will reach?
What emphasized China's experiences of development and management of organic food in the Asia-Pacific region in 1998?
Where did the Economic and Social Commission for Asia and the Pacific of the United Nations emphasize China's experiences of development and management of organic food in 1998?
When did Liu Lianfu talk?
When is it estimated?
What is the future of the organic food industry estimated?
Who do Products and processes trademark to protect?
What has attracted the international attention?
What was up to 8. 4 million tons by the end of 1998?
What did the Economic and Social Commission for Asia and the Pacific of the United Nations emphasize in the Asia-Pacific region in 1998?
What did Liu Lianfu say?
When is estimated that Europe, the United States and Japan will take the lead?
What has Organic food become an area of?
When was the total output of China's organic food up to 8. 4 million tons?
What was about 28. 5 billion yuan?
What did the concept of organic food first appear in ten years ago?
What is it estimated that Europe, the United States and Japan will take?
When is estimated that in the coming years, the scale of the world's organic food market will reach 100 billion US dollars?
Who trademarked to protect consumers?
When is the future of the organic food industry estimated that, the scale of the world's organic food market will reach 100 billion US dollars?
What is it estimated that in the coming years, the scale of the world's organic food market will reach?
Who talked about the future of the organic food industry?
Who said organic food has already become a rising market with great potential?
When is the future of the organic food industry estimated?
What did the Economic and Social Commission for Asia and the Pacific of the United Nations emphasize China's experiences of in the Asia-Pacific region in 1998?
What first appeared in China ten years ago?
Who are standardized?
What is estimated that Europe, the United States and Japan will take the lead?
What is it estimated?
What did Liu Lianfu say organic food has already become?
What was the total output of China's organic food up to by the end of 1998?
How many yuan was the sales volume of last year?
What was the sales volume of last year?
What is the future of the organic food industry estimated that Europe, the United States and Japan will take?
How many US dollars is it estimated that in the coming years, the scale of the world's organic food market will reach?
What did Liu Lianfu say has already become a rising market with great potential?
What is estimated that in the coming years, the scale of the world's organic food market will reach 100 billion US dollars?
When is it estimated that, the scale of the world's organic food market will reach 100 billion US dollars?
What has become an area of vigorous development in China's agriculture and food production?
Who said?
What has the rapid development of China's organic food industry attracted?
