What has ex-football star O. J. Simpson ``not paid one penny'' of?
Who said you 're nuts?
Who was ordered to pay dlrs 33. 5 million to the estates and heirs of Ms. Simpson and her friend Ronald Goldman?
When were the two knifed to death?
What did Brown say Wednesday?
What did Brown say Wednesday he is appealing?
Who did Louis H. Brown and administrator of her trust say 're nuts?
Who said the estate petitioned the U. S. Tax Court in Washington last week to intervene after failing to reach an agreement with IRS officials?
What did IRS spokeswoman Laurie Kellerman say in?
What has ex-football star O. J. Simpson ``not paid?
Whose families did a civil jury award dlrs 33. 5 million in damages?
What was Simpson acquitted of?
Who declined to comment further?
What did a civil jury find him liable for?
What did lawyers for Simpson also decline?
What were the two knifed to June 12,1994?
What did Louis H. Brown and administrator of her trust say you 're?
What did a civil jury award the victims ' families dlrs?
What awarded the victims ' families dlrs 33. 5 million in damages?
Who was Ms. Simpson's father?
What found ex-football star O. J. Simpson liable for the deaths?
What was made in September?
Who has ``not paid one penny'' of the dlrs 12 million wrongful-death judgment against him?
Who was acquitted of murder?
What found him liable for the deaths?
Who said Wednesday he is appealing the Internal Revenue Service demand?
What did a civil jury award?
What did a civil jury award dlrs 33. 5 million in damages?
Who was Louis H. Brown?
What did Brown say petitioned the U. S. Tax Court in Washington last week to intervene after failing to reach an agreement with IRS officials?
Whose families did a civil jury award?
Who also declined comment?
What did IRS spokeswoman Laurie Kellerman say is seeking to collect dlrs 6. 5 million in estate taxes?
What were knifed to death June 12,1994?
Who did Brown say Wednesday is appealing the Internal Revenue Service demand?
What did a civil jury find ex-football star O. J. Simpson liable for?
What was created to support the Simpsons ' two children?
Who did a civil jury find liable for the deaths?
When was the Internal Revenue Service demand made?
Whose father was Louis H. Brown?
When did Brown say he is appealing the Internal Revenue Service demand?
Who said the agency is seeking to collect dlrs 6. 5 million in estate taxes?
Who was ordered to pay dlrs 33. 5 million to the estates and heirs of Ms. Simpson and IRS spokeswoman Laurie Kellerman Ronald Goldman?
What was Michael Schwartz director of for the Butterfield and Butterfield auction house?
What do I think?
What were the trophy and other possessions seized from at the behest of lawyers representing the families of Michael Schwartz's slain ex-wife?
What did they view in advance of Tuesday night's auction?
What is the most valuable item to be auctioned?
Who 'mes paying a ransom?
Who was his slain ex-wife?
Who was Nicole Brown Simpson, and her friend, Ronald Goldman?
What did they view the collection in?
Who was director of entertainment memorabilia for the Butterfield and Butterfield auction house?
What were seized from Simpson's home at the behest of lawyers representing the families of his slain ex-wife?
Who were I?
What were I a friend of?
Who believes he's not responsible for this crime?
What did Gary Nickerson of Los Angeles say ?
What were cups and bowls awarded to Simpson during his athletic career; golf clubs and bags; three of his No.?
Who said ``I find the whole thing a little bit sad''?
What did Gary Nickerson of Los Angeles say ``I find''?
What was Simpson acquitted of the murders in?
What do I think there are a lot of?
When did Gary Nickerson of Los Angeles stop by the Simpson display?
What did they win after Simpson was acquitted of the murders in criminal court?
What do I believe for?
What did qualms view in advance of Tuesday night's auction?
Whose 1968 trophy is the most valuable item to be auctioned?
Who did Gary Nickerson of Los Angeles say ``find the whole thing a little bit sad''?
What were the trophy and other possessions seized from at the behest of lawyers representing the families of his slain ex-wife?
What won a civil wrongful death suit after Simpson was acquitted of the murders in criminal court?
Who stopped by the Simpson display on Friday?
Who came to view another auction lot?
Who won a civil wrongful death suit after Simpson was acquitted of the murders in criminal court?
What did he say to?
Who did Alfred Beardsley say would be bidding even though, I feel like I 'm paying a ransom?
What did Beardsley say, ``It bothers me in''?
Who were a friend of his?
Who thinks there are a lot of people who believe that?
Who-- expressed qualms about buying O. J. Simpson's seized possessions as they viewed the collection in advance of Tuesday night's auction?
Who said, ``the catalog's the only Heisman ever to be offered at auction''?
What did Alfred Beardsley say?
What do I believe he's not responsible for?
What were numerous engraved plaques among?
Who was Simpson's first wife?
Who was Alfred Beardsley?
Who said he would be bidding even though, I feel like I 'm paying a ransom?
What did-- Potential bidders express about buying O. J. Simpson's seized possessions as they viewed the collection in advance of Tuesday night's auction?
What is the most prestigious award in college football?
What were the trophy and other possessions seized from Simpson's home at?
Who was acquitted of the murders in criminal court?
What did Gary Nickerson of Los Angeles stop by on Friday?
What was Simpson acquitted of in criminal court?
Who said, ``It's the only Heisman ever to be offered at auction''?
What is Simpson's 1968 trophy?
Who did he say objects to the auction of Simpson's possessions to help satisfy the $33. 5 million civil court judgment against him?
Who viewed the collection in advance of Tuesday night's auction?
Who was among viewers who showed up for the preview?
What did the catalog note on?
What did the catalog note that the word ``athletic'' is misspelled as ``atletic'' on?
Who was Alfred Beardsley among?
What were seized from Simpson's home at the behest of lawyers representing the families of Michael Schwartz's slain ex-wife?
Whose home were the trophy and other possessions seized from at the behest of lawyers representing the families of Michael Schwartz's slain ex-wife?
Who was Michael Schwartz?
Who said, ``It bothers me that I 'm putting money in the Goldman and Brown pockets''?
Who were unwilling to predict a price on the trophy?
What was a fox fur coat once owned by Simpson's first wife?
What did Gary Nickerson of Los Angeles come to view?
What do I think there are?
What viewed the collection in advance of Tuesday night's auction?
Who will be taking bids on site and via the Internet?
What do I 'm paying?
What were numerous engraved plaques?
Who was Marguerite?
Who do I believe's not responsible for this crime?
What was Alfred Beardsley a longtime collector of?
Whose 1968 trophy is the most prestigious award in college football?
Who said he objects to the auction of Simpson's possessions to help satisfy the $33. 5 million civil court judgment against him?
What noted that the word ``athletic'' is misspelled as ``atletic'' on the trophy's plaque?
What were among items displayed in a small corner of the auction gallery?
What did the Heisman Trophy win after Simpson was acquitted of the murders in criminal court?
What did he say he objects to?
Who was a longtime collector of Simpson memorabilia?
What did qualms view the collection in?
Whose home were the trophy and other possessions seized from at the behest of lawyers representing the families of his slain ex-wife?
Whose first wife was Marguerite?
Who did the winning bid of $255,500 come from?
Who was the destruction criticized by at the downtown courthouse and by Simpson?
Who said it was a waste?
What is Simpson appealing?
What goes to the estate of Ms. Simpson and Ronald Goldman's family?
What is the criminal justice system destroying justice before?
What did a jury make the award in in the 1994 killings?
What did Simpson say?
What was the Heisman not part of?
What was Scott Welkowsky owner of of This World Memorabilia in Orange County?
What did auction off were fur coat that belonged to Simpson's first wife?
Who was the auction's big item?
What did the auction Tuesday raise?
Who were two trophies smashed outside the Criminal Courts Building in?
What were smashed outside the Criminal Courts Building in a protest organized by a Christian radio talk show host who purchased $16,000 worth of items?
What auctioned off were football awards, artwork, Tiffany-style lamps and a fox?
When was sold at auction to help pay off the $33. 5 million judgment?
Who is appealing the judgment?
What does he owe in the deaths of ex-wife Nicole Brown Simpson and her friend LOS ANGELES-- O. J. Simpson memorabilia went up in flames to Wednesday?
What is the criminal justice system destroying before our very eyes?
Who did the prices surprise because Simpson sports memorabilia has not been selling well?
What did Simpson say it was?
What did a jury make in a wrongful death lawsuit that followed Simpson's acquittal on criminal charges in the 1994 killings?
Who said there's a real sour taste in their mouths?
What has not been selling well?
What did a jury make the award in a wrongful death lawsuit that followed Simpson's acquittal on criminal charges in?
Who said in a telephone interview with The Associated Press, ``I wonder about the mentality involved in this''?
What were burned?
What does he owe in LOS ANGELES-- O. J. Simpson memorabilia went up in flames to a chorus of cheers and boos Wednesday?
Who was owner of Out of This World Memorabilia in Orange County?
What does he owe in the deaths of ex-wife Nicole Brown Simpson and her friend went up in flames to a chorus of cheers and boos Wednesday?
What made the award in a wrongful death lawsuit that followed Simpson's acquittal on criminal charges in the 1994 killings?
What did Scott Welkowsky say there's?
What did Simpson say in, ``I wonder about the mentality involved in this''?
What was a day sold at to help pay off the $33. 5 million judgment?
What was criticized by some spectators at the downtown courthouse and by Simpson?
What did auction off fur coat that belonged to Simpson's first wife?
What was sold at auction to help pay off the $33. 5 million judgment?
Who do most people not want to have anything to do with?
Who was Marguerite?
What were two trophies smashed outside in a protest organized by a Christian radio talk show host who purchased $16,000 worth of items?
What was Scott Welkowsky owner of Out of in Orange County?
What surprised some collectors because Simpson sports memorabilia has not been selling well?
What was it sold at to help pay off the $33. 5 million judgment?
Who was not part of Wednesday's demonstration?
What did Simpson say the L. A. courthouse was?
How many No. football jerseys and a Professional Football Hall of Fame induction certificate were burned?
What came from an anonymous East Coast collector?
Who said the L. A. courthouse was a waste?
What was the Heisman?
Who was Scott Welkowsky?
What do not want to have anything to do with O. J. Simpson?
What did Simpson say was a waste?
What does money raised by the court-ordered auction go to?
Who was Simpson's first wife?
What raised $430,000?
What is destroying justice before our very eyes?
How many trophies were smashed outside the Criminal Courts Building in a protest organized by a Christian radio talk show host who purchased $16,000 worth of items?
What do most people not want to have to do with O. J. Simpson?
Whose first wife was Marguerite?
Who was asked if he would like to hear from the former Buffalo Bills star and perhaps pose with him and the Heisman?
What does it represent?
Who did Kriessman say has never met Simpson?
Who did the man who paid $255,500 for O. J. Simpson's Heisman Trophy buy one of the first reasons for everything it represents know?
Who bought one of the first reasons for everything it represents you know?
What did Kriessman say, ``One of the first reasons was''?
Who was given the same nickname as Simpson when he played rough touch football in his 20s in Philadelphia?
Who just thinks in the future it's going to be worth a lot of money?
Who did Kriessman say he has never met?
Who said, ``Everybody's been calling''?
What was his girlfriend apparently not?
Who said: ``I 'd have to think about it?''
What did he say: ``I 'd have to think about?''
Who was the trophy awarded to when he was a star at the University of Southern California?
Who just think in the future one of the first reasons's going to be worth a lot of money?
Who was LOS ANGELES-- The man who paid $255,500 for O. J. Simpson's Heisman Trophy identified Thursday as?
What did the man who paid $255,500 for O. J. Simpson's Heisman Trophy buy one of the first reasons for it represents you know?
Who said he has never met Simpson?
What was Tom ``Juice'' Kriessman?
Who did Tom ``Juice'' Kriessman say: ``'d have to think about it?''
Who bought it for everything it represents you know?
What did I buy it for everything represents you know?
When happened?
When do I just think?
What was awarded to Simpson in 1968 when he was a star at the University of Southern California?
Who did Kriessman not identify?
Who was 47?
What does one of the first reasons represent?
What was Kriessman?
What did I buy for everything it represents you know?
When do the man who paid $255,500 for O. J. Simpson's Heisman Trophy just think?
Who was a Philadelphia Eagles fan?
Who is the co-owner of Triad Steel Inc?
Who said, ``One of the first reasons was I wanted to impress my girlfriend''?
What did I buy it for everything it represents?
Who did not his girlfriend identify?
What was the century?
Who also bought a couple of jerseys and a glass trophy?
What did the man who paid $255,500 for O. J. Simpson's Heisman Trophy buy one of the first reasons for everything it represents?
What do I just think in the future's going to be worth a lot of money?
What is Kriessman the co-owner of?
Who did I buy it for everything it represents know?
What did the man who paid $255,500 for O. J. Simpson's Heisman Trophy buy one of the first reasons for everything?
What did Partner Edward O'Brien say?
What was Kriessman given when he played rough touch football in his 20s in Philadelphia?
Who apparently was not the only one impressed by the trophy?
What did Tom ``Juice'' Kriessman say: ``I 'd have to think about?''
What is Kriessman?
When do I just think it's going to be worth a lot of money?
Who did Partner Edward O'Brien say has annual sales of about $20 million?
What was Tom ``Juice'' Kriessman's girlfriend apparently not?
When was O. J.'s whole career?
What did Kriessman also buy?
What did Kriessman also buy a couple of?
What did Tom ``Juice'' Kriessman show up at an auction house to collect?
Whose girlfriend apparently was not the only one impressed by the trophy?
Who does it represent the story of?
What is Triad Steel Inc?
Who was the top-ticket item?
What is a 10-year-old company that buys and sells sheet metal?
What do the man who paid $255,500 for O. J. Simpson's Heisman Trophy just think in the future one of the first reasons's going to be?
What did Tom ``Juice'' Kriessman show up at to collect the trophy?
What did I buy it for everything?
What do the man who paid $255,500 for O. J. Simpson's Heisman Trophy just think in the future's going to be worth a lot of money?
What did Partner Edward O'Brien say Triad has annual sales of?
What was identified Thursday as a Philadelphia sheet metal dealer who said he wanted to impress his girlfriend?
Who said Triad has annual sales of about $20 million?
What do I just think in the future it's going to be?
Who does one of the first reasons represent the story of?
Who did he say: ``'d have to think about it?''
What did the man who paid $255,500 for O. J. Simpson's Heisman Trophy buy one of for everything it represents you know?
What did the auction raise $430,000 to help pay off the $33. 5 million for?
Who bought the prize anonymously at a court-ordered auction of Simpson memorabilia Tuesday?
What did Kriessman buy the prize anonymously at Tuesday?
What did the man who paid $255,500 for O. J. Simpson's Heisman Trophy buy one of the first reasons for everything represents you know?
What do I just think in the future it's going to be worth a lot of?
What was the Heisman?
What did the man who paid $255,500 for O. J. Simpson's Heisman Trophy buy for everything it represents you know?
What represents the story of a man who rose to be a superstar and lost it all overnight?
What did Partner Edward O'Brien say Triad has?
What did Kriessman say?
Who said, ``One of the first reasons was the man who paid $255,500 for O. J. Simpson's Heisman Trophy wanted to impress my girlfriend''?
Who showed up at an auction house to collect the trophy?
What did I buy it for it represents you know?
Who did he say was paid only enough to cover his expenses?
What did he acknowledge are convinced he is guilty?
What is aimed at minority defendants?
What was Simpson found liable for in a separate civil trial?
Who did Simpson say the proposal interested because it is aimed at minority defendants?
Who said, ``Assuming some are targeting an African-American audience, it's still iffy''?
What did O. J. Simpson acknowledge?
Who said that reflects a public unwillingness to believe that police do bad things?
Who said, ``I 'm working on it?''
What did Laurie Levenson say, ``Assuming, it's still iffy''?
What said he was grateful he had the money to hire the best lawyers in the business to represent him at his 1994 criminal trial?
Who acknowledged a lot of people are convinced he is guilty?
What did any of them have?
What did Simpson say he has been following in which defendants convicted long ago were released from prison?
What did the football Hall of Famer say?
Who did Simpson say has been following a number of recent cases in which defendants convicted long ago were released from prison?
What can any income he receives be seized by to satisfy the judgment?
What did Simpson say he has been following a number of in which defendants convicted long ago were released from prison?
What did O. J. Simpson say?
What did O. J. Simpson say that reflects?
What did Simpson say he made the appearance on as a favor to a friend?
What thinks so?
What did she say, ``Assuming, it's still iffy''?
What did he say that reflects?
What did Simpson say in a telephone interview Wednesday with The Associated Press, ``The main thing I have learned is into''?
What was Simpson found liable for the deaths of Ms. Simpson and Goldman in?
Who was ordered to pay $33. 5 million in damages?
What has videotaped O. J. Simpson making a pitch for legal representation?
What can be seized by the estate of Ms. Simpson and the Goldman family to satisfy the judgment?
Who said, ``Assuming they are targeting an African-American audience, it's still iffy''?
Who was the former spokesman for Hertz and other companies?
Who did Simpson say at?
Who did he acknowledge a lot of people are convinced is guilty?
Who said because he believes in the rights of all defendants to have adequate legal representation?
Who was associate dean of Loyola University Law School?
What has videotaped him making a pitch for legal representation?
Who did Simpson say made the appearance on behalf of Justice Media as a favor to a friend?
Who said he was paid only enough to cover his expenses?
Who is the proposal aimed at?
What did O. J. Simpson say that reflects a public unwillingness to believe?
What was O. J. Simpson acquitted on?
What did he say?
What did O. J. Simpson acknowledge a lot of people are convinced?
What did he acknowledge?
Who said, ``The message is not bad''?
Who did O. J. Simpson acknowledge a lot of people are convinced is guilty?
What was Laurie Levenson associate dean of?
Who was Simpson?
What wonder if a referral from Simpson would help a lawyer's business?
What did O. J. Simpson acknowledge are convinced he is guilty?
Who did O. J. Simpson say was paid only enough to cover his expenses?
What did the football Hall of Famer say he was grateful he had?
What has the company videotaped O. J. Simpson making?
What did he acknowledge a lot of people are convinced?
Who said, ``These people lost years of their lives''?
Who was found liable for the deaths of Ms. Simpson and Goldman in a separate civil trial?
What did Simpson say on?
Who was Laurie Levenson?
Who is it aimed at?
What did Simpson say he made the appearance on behalf of Justice Media as?
What can any income O. J. Simpson receives be seized by to satisfy the judgment?
What did Simpson say he made on behalf of Justice Media as a favor to a friend?
Who said he made the appearance on behalf of Justice Media as a favor to a friend?
What was he acquitted on?
Who said the proposal interested him because it is aimed at minority defendants?
What did Simpson say from?
Who said, ``but what if I had had to wait 16 years to be vindicated? , ``I was innocent''?
What had the money to properly defend themselves?
What did he say that reflects a public unwillingness to believe?
Who was asked if he has any new evidence that might help convince the public of his innocence?
What did Simpson say interested him because it is aimed at minority defendants?
Who said he has been following a number of recent cases in which defendants convicted long ago were released from prison?
What has the company videotaped him making?
Who has the company videotaped making a pitch for legal representation?
What did Simpson say in, ``The main thing I have learned is you cannot walk into a courtroom without competent legal representation''?
What did the football Hall of Famer say he was grateful?
What had a judge failed to hear about the slayings of Simpson's former wife, Nicole Brown Simpson, and her friend?
Who did Leckie say 're closely involved in their upbringing?
Who were found stabbed to death outside her Brentwood home?
Who said they 're closely involved in their upbringing?
What did Leckie say on?
Who said Simpson is now on good terms with his children's grandparents?
Who was Ronald Goldman?
Whose friend was Ronald Goldman?
What comes nearly five years after Ms. Simpson and Goldman were found stabbed to death outside her Brentwood home?
Who ordered to pay the Browns and Goldman's family $33. 5 million?
What did the Browns decide to sue for?
Who appealed the decision?
Who also did not return calls?
What did the lawyer representing the children also not return?
Who said, ``The Browns and Simpson are getting along better now''?
Who have long fought Simpson over custody of the children?
What were unreturned?
Who was acquitted?
What did Simpson attorney Bernard Leckie say, ``It's in the best interest of the children through''?
When did Simpson spend in jail before he was acquitted?
Who spent a year in jail before he was acquitted?
Who refused to comment?
Who said, ``It's in the best interest of the children that this not be dragged out through the courts any further''?
What were Ms. Simpson and Goldman found stabbed to outside her Brentwood home?
Who awarded custody to Simpson in 1996?
What did the Browns appeal?
Whose lawyer said Monday?
Who had failed to hear evidence about the slayings of Simpson's former wife, Nicole Brown Simpson, and her friend?
Who was freed?
What did Simpson attorney Bernard Leckie say, ``which still requires the signatures of Lou and Juditha Brown's in the best interest of the children through''?
What was Simpson acquitted in?
Who did a judge award custody to in 1996?
What did the California Supreme Court rule in February to?
Who was her friend?
What does the agreement head off?
What have the Browns long fought Simpson over?
What had a judge failed to hear evidence about?
What does the agreement require?
What requires the signatures of Lou and Juditha Brown?
When did the Browns have custody of the two children?
Who decided to sue for permanent custody?
What did Simpson spend a year in before he was acquitted?
What did Leckie say they 're closely involved in?
Who was O. J. Simpson's friend?
Whose lawyer could not be located?
When did O. J. Simpson's lawyer say?
Who was acquitted in criminal court?
Who said Monday?
What did Leckie say Simpson is now on?
Who have the Browns long fought over custody of the children?
What were Ms. Simpson and Goldman found stabbed to death outside?
What is 10?
When did a judge award custody to Simpson?
Who moved in with him?
Who had custody of the two children during that year?
What did the Browns have during that year?
Who moved in with O. J. Simpson?
Who did the Browns have custody of during that year?
What did Leckie say 're closely involved in their upbringing?
What heads off a second trial over the custody of 13-year-old Sydney and Justin?
What did Leckie say in?
Who did Leckie say is now on good terms with his children's grandparents?
When did his lawyer say?
What did a judge award to Simpson in 1996?
What is 13-year-old Sydney and Justin?
Who could not be located?
Who does the agreement require the signatures of?
Who did the children move in with?
What did Leckie say Monday in?
Whose lawyer cannot say anything else?
Who said, ``Nothing has been agreed upon''?
Who said Monday that Simpson would keep custody of the children in a settlement with the Browns?
Who said, ``I do not know why the attorney was discussing it''?
What did Simpson's lawyer tell The Associated Press on Monday?
Who was Brown and his wife?
Who was Lou Brown?
Who was Bernard Leckie?
Who are Justin, 10, and Sydney?
When did their grandfather say?
What was Lou Brown the father of?
Whose lawyer did their grandfather contradict statements from that he would retain custody?
Whose lawyer was Bernard Leckie?
Who did Leckie say Monday that Simpson would keep custody of in a settlement with the Browns?
Who cannot say anything else?
When did Simpson's lawyer tell The Associated Press that an agreement giving custody to Simpson was ready to be signed?
When did there's grandfather say?
What did their grandfather contradict statements from Simpson's lawyer that he would retain?
What are the children?
What did Leckie say Monday that Simpson would keep custody of the children in?
What did Brown's lawyer not return?
Whose lawyer did there's grandfather contradict statements from that he would retain custody?
Who was Simpson's lawyer?
Who could not be reached?
Who lost until an appeals court interceded?
What did their grandfather contradict statements from Simpson's lawyer?
Who sued for custody?
What is Sydney?
What was Simpson out of?
Who do the children live with?
What did Brown and O. J. Simpson's wife sue for?
Who contradicted statements from Simpson's lawyer that he would retain custody?
When did the California Supreme Court rule the custody case could go back to court for another trial?
What did Simpson's lawyer tell on Monday that an agreement giving custody to Simpson was ready to be signed?
What did Brown and his wife sue for?
What did Leckie say Monday that Simpson would keep in a settlement with the Browns?
What did the California Supreme Court rule in February the custody case could go back to for another trial?
What did there's grandfather contradict statements from Simpson's lawyer that he would retain?
What ruled in February the custody case could go back to court for another trial?
Whose lawyer did not return a phone call seeking comment?
What did the California Supreme Court rule in February could go back to court for another trial?
Who live with Simpson?
Who did not return a phone call seeking comment?
Who was out of town?
Who told The Associated Press on Monday that an agreement giving custody to Simpson was ready to be signed?
Who said Tuesday?
When did Leckie say that Simpson would keep custody of the children in a settlement with the Browns?
Who was Brown and O. J. Simpson's wife?
Who was the father of Simpson's slain ex-wife?
What interceded?
What can Simpson's lawyer not say?
Whose slain ex-wife was Lou Brown the father of?
Who did there's grandfather contradict statements from that he would retain custody?
What can I not say?
Who said, ``Simpson's lawyer do not know why the attorney was discussing the Associated Press''?
What did the California Supreme Court rule in February to?
What is 13?
What did the California Supreme Court rule in February the custody case could go back to court for?
What did their grandfather contradict from Simpson's lawyer that he would retain custody?
Who did their grandfather contradict statements from that he would retain custody?
Who was Juditha?
Whose lawyer told The Associated Press on Monday that an agreement giving custody to Simpson was ready to be signed?
What did there's grandfather contradict from Simpson's lawyer that he would retain custody?
What did there's grandfather contradict statements from Simpson's lawyer?
Who said, ``I do not know why the attorney was discussing it''?
Who was Lou Brown?
Who was Bernard Leckie?
What have Sydney, 13, and 10-year-old Justin Simpson, the children of Simpson and his slain ex-wife, Nicole Brown Simpson, been at?
Who was acquitted of the 1994 murders of Ms. Simpson and Simpson's lawyer Ronald Goldman?
Who said, ``It depends on him?''
What did the Brown family lawyer not return?
What were the Brown and Goldman families awarded?
Who is his wife?
When did Leckie say that everyone agreed ``it's in the best interest of the children that this not be dragged out through the courts any further?''
Who says no.?
What was O. J. Simpson held liable in?
What does their grandfather say?
What was waiting to be signed?
Who was acquitted of the 1994 murders of Ms. Simpson and her friend Ronald Goldman?
Who was Marjorie Fuller?
Who refused to comment?
Whose father insisted Tuesday that no custody agreement had been reached and was angry at Simpson's lawyer for talking about the negotiations to The Associated Press?
Whose wife is Juditha?
Who often visit Brown and O. J. Simpson's wife?
Who did Ms. Simpson's father insist Tuesday at?
What does Simpson's lawyer say?
Who was Kimberly Knill?
What did the California Supreme Court rule in February could be retried?
What were awarded $33. 5 million?
What's been working real hard on an agreement?
What ruled in February the case could be retried?
Who often visit Brown and his wife?
What did Leckie say Monday in?''
What does everybody's been working real hard on?
Who is not commenting?
What did Marjorie Fuller say Tuesday in?
Who was the attorney representing the children?
Where have Sydney, 13, and 10-year-old Justin Simpson, the children of Simpson and his slain ex-wife, Nicole Brown Simpson, been?
Whose lawyer said Monday that an agreement giving custody to Simpson was ready to be signed?
Who do the children often visit?
Who is Juditha?
Who did not return a phone call?
When did Simpson's lawyer say that an agreement giving custody to Simpson was ready to be signed?
Who said, ``My job is to hang back and let Mr. Simpson and the Browns work it out''?
Whose lawyer for talking about the negotiations to The Associated Press did Ms. Simpson's father insist Tuesday at?
Who seemed distressed that his lawyer was discussing the matter publicly?
Who said Tuesday she has not been involved in the negotiations but believes an agreement is close?
Who said, ``I do not know why the attorney was discussing Tuesday''?
Who thinks so?
Whose father was Lou Brown?
What was he held liable in?
What did the Browns lose?
What did Leckie say Monday that everyone agreed ``it's in the best interest of the children through?''
What was Simpson acquitted of?
Who says yes?
Who said Monday that an agreement giving custody to Simpson was ready to be signed?
Whose lawyer was Bernard Leckie?
Who was held liable in a wrongful death lawsuit filed by the Brown and Goldman families?
When did the California Supreme Court rule the case could be retried?
Whose lawyer thinks so?
Who was Simpson's lawyer?
Who was Ms. Simpson's father?
Who do the children live with?
What did Simpson's lawyer say Monday?
Who live with Simpson?
When did Marjorie Fuller say she has not been involved in the negotiations but believes an agreement is close?
Who said Monday that everyone agreed ``it's in the best interest of the children that this not be dragged out through the courts any further?''
Who lost their first custody suit?
Who is O. J. Simpson's wife?
What does yes's grandfather say?
What did the California Supreme Court rule in February?
What have been at the center of a custody battle between their father and their mother's parents?
Whose lawyer says yes?
Who did Marjorie Fuller say Tuesday has not been involved in the negotiations but believes an agreement is close?
Who insisted Tuesday that no custody agreement had been reached and was angry at Simpson's lawyer for talking about the negotiations to The Associated Press?
Who was the Brown family lawyer?
Who said Los Angeles County District Attorney Gil Garcetti has taken no action on similar requests made to him?
Who was ordered to pay $33. 5 million in damages?
Who was held liable for the 1994 deaths of Ms. Simpson and District Attorney's spokeswoman Victoria Pipkin Ronald Goldman?
What was Nicole Brown Simpson acquitted of in an earlier criminal trial?
Whose spokeswoman Victoria Pipkin would say only that ``the matter is still under investigation?''
What did Allred and Brown say that Simpson lied during when he testified that he never hit, struck slapped or kicked his late wife?
What did Denise Brown and attorney Gloria Allred say Los Angeles County District Attorney Gil Garcetti has taken?
What was Nicole Brown Simpson acquitted of murder in?
What was he acquitted of in an earlier criminal trial?
Who was acquitted of murder in an earlier criminal trial?
When did LOS ANGELES-- Nicole Brown Simpson's sister and her lawyer say Monday?
What could Simpson not be reached by for comment?
Who was held liable for the 1994 deaths of Ms. Simpson and her friend Ronald Goldman?
Who could not be reached by telephone for comment?
Who did Denise Brown and attorney Gloria Allred say has taken no action on similar requests made to him?
What was Simpson held liable for?
Who would say only that ``the matter is still under investigation?''
When does a statute of limitations run out?
What was he acquitted of murder in?
What did Allred and Brown say during?
What did Denise Brown and attorney Gloria Allred say?
Who said that Simpson lied during his civil trial when he testified that he never hit, struck slapped or kicked his late wife?
What could Simpson not be reached by telephone for?
What runs out in three months?
What did lawyers for the Goldman family allege that Simpson failed a polygraph test shortly after in the civil case against Simpson?
Who was it too emotional a time for?
Who alleged that Simpson failed a polygraph test shortly after the slayings in the civil case against Simpson?
What found him liable for the crimes?
What was Simpson acquitted of criminal charges in?
Who said I said shut the test down, you have to let him settle down?
Who was acquitted of criminal charges in the deaths?
What did Bailey say he advised Shapiro that if Simpson was to take a polygraph examination it should only include?
When was it too emotional for Simpson?
What did Bailey say has seen the test results since?
Whose legal team was Bailey eventually part of?
What did F. Lee Bailey say Shapiro has said he does not have?
Who did Bailey say he advised that if Simpson was to take a polygraph examination it should only include questions about Goldman's death?
Who was international drug trafficker?
What did the civil jury find him liable for?
Who has said he never took a polygraph test?
What has Bailey said?
Who said Friday?
What found O. J. Simpson liable for the crimes?
Who said he told Shapiro that was because Friday was too emotional a time for Simpson?
Who was eventually part of Simpson's legal team?
Who did Bailey say I said shut the test down, you have to let settle down?
Who was ordered to pay $33. 5 million in damages?
Who said Shapiro took the test results?
Who did Bailey say he told that was because Friday was too emotional a time for Simpson?
What did he say Shapiro has said he does not have?
What did Bailey say in?
What was too emotional a time for Simpson?
What did the football star undergo a polygraph test-- Days after O. J. Simpson's ex-wife and a man were stabbed to death?
Who did Bailey say advised Shapiro that if Simpson was to take a polygraph examination it should only include questions about Goldman's death?
What did lawyers for the Goldman family allege shortly after in the civil case against Simpson?
Who did F. Lee Bailey say has said he does not have the test results?
What did he say Shapiro has said?
Whose lengthy accounting of how O. J. Simpson's time was spent defending another client Claude Duboc did the accounting of the polygraph incident in the Simpson case come in?
What did the civil jury find O. J. Simpson liable for?
What came in Bailey's lengthy accounting of how O. J. Simpson's time was spent defending another client Claude Duboc?
What did he say?
Who did Bailey say told Shapiro that was because it was too emotional a time for Simpson?
What did the accounting of the polygraph incident in the Simpson case come in?
What did Bailey say Shapiro took?
Who did not elaborate further on the polygraph episode?
Who has Bailey said he is?
Who did Bailey say told Shapiro that was because Friday was too emotional a time for Simpson?
Whose death did Bailey say he advised Shapiro that if Simpson was to take a polygraph examination it should only include questions about?
Who did Bailey say no one has seen since?
What did Bailey say?
What has Simpson said he never took?
Who was Friday too emotional a time for?
Who did Bailey say for?
What did Bailey not elaborate further on?
Who was hooked up to the machine to see how it worked?
Who did he say Shapiro has said does not have the test results?
What did Bailey say Shapiro wanted his advice about a polygraph test of Simpson in?
Who said he advised Shapiro that if Simpson was to take a polygraph examination it should only include questions about Goldman's death?
Whose lengthy accounting of how his time was spent defending another client Claude Duboc did the accounting of the polygraph incident in the Simpson case come in?
What did Bailey say no one has seen since?
Who was the client?
Who has said he is an expert on polygraph examinations?
What did lawyers for the Goldman family allege that Simpson failed a polygraph test shortly after the slayings in?
Who did Bailey say he told that was because it was too emotional a time for Simpson?
When did Bailey say?
When did the football star undergo a polygraph test that F. Lee Bailey says he stopped because it was not going well-- were stabbed to death?
What was not going well?
Who said Shapiro has said he does not have the test results?
Who said no one has seen the test results since?
Who did Bailey say took the test results?
Who has Bailey said is an expert on polygraph examinations?
Who has Simpson said never took a polygraph test?
Who did he say has said he does not have the test results?
What came in Bailey's lengthy accounting of how his time was spent defending another client Claude Duboc?
Who is accused of misappropriating millions of dollars of stock Duboc held in a pharmaceutical company to pay Bailey's legal expenses?
Who did the civil jury find liable for the crimes?
Who did Bailey say I said shut the test down, have to let him settle down?
What did Bailey say he advised Shapiro that if Simpson was to take a polygraph examination it should only include questions about?
What was Bailey eventually part of?
Who did Bailey say wanted his advice about a polygraph test of Simpson in progress that was not going well?
When was Friday too emotional for Simpson?
Who said he told Shapiro that was because it was too emotional a time for Simpson?
What was Simpson acquitted of in the deaths?
What did Bailey say has seen them since?
Who did F. Lee Bailey say Shapiro has said does not have the test results?
What did Bailey say I said shut down, you have to let him settle down?
What did Bailey say Shapiro wanted in progress that was not going well?
What did F. Lee Bailey say Shapiro has said?
What did Bailey say Shapiro wanted his advice about in progress that was not going well?
What did Bailey say he advised Shapiro?
What has Simpson said?
What was Simpson hooked up to to see how it worked?
What were not immediately returned?
Who did Bailey say said shut the test down, you have to let him settle down?
When was too emotional a time for Simpson?
What was Bailey eventually?
Who said Shapiro wanted his advice about a polygraph test of Simpson in progress that was not going well?
What did F. Lee Bailey say?
Who said no one has seen them since?
Who did Bailey say he told Shapiro for?
What did the football star undergo a polygraph test that F. Lee Bailey says-- Days after O. J. Simpson's ex-wife and a man were stabbed to death?
What did lawyers for the Goldman family allege that Simpson failed shortly after the slayings in the civil case against Simpson?
Who was hooked up briefly to a polygraph machine to see how the Associated Press worked?
What did Bailey tell King from West Palm Beach he's trying to get out there to smoke someone out?
Who was Goldman's father?
What was West Palm Beach?
If Simpson passes the test, what would be put in a trust fund?
What did Bailey tell King from West Palm Beach he's trying to get enough money out there to smoke out?
Who was hooked up briefly to a polygraph machine to see how it worked?
Whose father did King also have on the program?
Who was Ronald Goldman?
What did the former football player tell that he never has taken a lie-detector test?
What did Goldman say he hopes is stupid enough to give money. . . so he can smile at the world and claim he's innocent again?
Who told The Associated Press that he never has taken a lie-detector test?
What did Bailey tell King from he's trying to get enough money out there to smoke someone out?
Who did Bailey tell King from West Palm Beach's trying to get enough money out there to smoke someone out?
What was he found liable for?
What was Simpson acquitted of?
What did Goldman say he hopes at?
Who was Fred Goldman?
Who was acquitted of criminal charges in the 1994 murders of Nicole Brown Simpson and her friend?
What had Bailey on Friday said during?
Who was ordered to pay the victims ' families $33. 5 million?
Who did the famed defense attorney represent at his trial?
If Simpson passes the test, what would the reward money be put in?
Who was found liable for their wrongful deaths in a subsequent civil trial?
Who also had Goldman's father on the program?
Who represented Simpson at his trial?
Who did King also have on the program?
If Simpson passes the test, what would the reward money be paid out for?
What did the former football player tell The Associated Press?
Who was Nicole Brown Simpson and her friend?
Who said he hopes no one is stupid enough to give money. . . so he can smile at the world and claim he's innocent again?
What was the former football player hooked up briefly to a polygraph machine to see?
What did the famed defense attorney represent Simpson at?
Whose father was Fred Goldman?
Who did Goldman say hopes no one is stupid enough to give money. . . so he can smile at the world and claim he's innocent again?
What will be made public either way?
What's not trying to make O. J. rich?
If Simpson passes the test, what would be paid out for information about the crime?
Who did Bailey tell from West Palm Beach he's trying to get enough money out there to smoke someone out?
What did the former football player tell The Associated Press that he never has taken?
What did King also have Goldman's father on?
What did Goldman say no one is stupid enough to give money. . . so he can smile at the world and claim he's innocent again?
What will the results be made?
What did Bailey tell King from West Palm Beach he's trying to get enough money out?
What was the former football player hooked up briefly to?
What was Fla.?
Who said?
Who told King from West Palm Beach he's trying to get enough money out there to smoke someone out?
What will LOS ANGELES-- O. J. Simpson go on next week to try once again to convince America that he did not kill his ex-wife and her friend?
Who were slain in June 1994?
What will LOS ANGELES-- O. J. Simpson go on the Internet next week to try once again to convince America?
What was Entertainment Network Inc.?
What do most of questions not know the facts of?
What did O. J. Simpson say he will receive no payment for his participation except a pledge from the company to contribute money to?
Where did O. J. Simpson say his two-hour stint on the Internet on July 27 will take place?
What did he say his two-hour stint on the Internet on July 27 will take place in?
Who did O. J. Simpson say will receive no payment for his participation except a pledge from the company to contribute money to his three favorite charities?
Who did he say Tuesday 'm not opposed to talking to the public about my case?
Who did O. J. Simpson say plans to lease a house in the Miami area where he will live with his two younger children?
Who said he would have relocated earlier?
When did O. J. Simpson say I 'm not opposed to talking to the public about my case?
What do most of questions not know?
When were his ex-wife Nicole and her friend Ronald Goldman slain?
When did he say I 'm not opposed to talking to the public about my case?
Who was found liable for the deaths in a subsequent civil trial?
Who does Simpson insist is innocent?
What did O. J. Simpson say?
Whose guilt was established in the public eye?
When did O. J. Simpson say?
What did Simpson say in a phone interview from Florida was established in the media?
Who do I talk to?
Who was ordered to pay the victims ' families $33. 5 million?
What did he say he will receive no payment for his participation except a pledge from the company to contribute money to?
What did he say he plans to lease?
What were slain in June 1994?
Whose new home will Florida soon be?
Where did he say?
What did Simpson say in it was established in the media?
What will those who sign on to O. J. Simpson chat room pay to talk with him?
What do not know the facts of my case?
What do I talk to?
What was my guilt established in?
What was Tampa?
What did a spokesman for Entertainment Network Inc. say will be able to see and hear him?
Who did not return a call for comment?
What will LOS ANGELES-- O. J. Simpson go on the Internet next week to try once again to convince that he did not kill his ex-wife and her friend?
When will LOS ANGELES-- O. J. Simpson go on the Internet to field questions from the public?
What will LOS ANGELES-- O. J. Simpson go on the Internet next week to try once again to convince America that he did not kill?
Who did Simpson say still receives tips about possible leads in the case and hopes the Internet site may attract people with helpful information?
What was the company sponsoring the event?
What did he say will be able to see and hear him?
What did a spokesman for Entertainment Network Inc. say?
What did a spokesman for Entertainment Network Inc. not return a call for?
Who talks to them?
When did O. J. Simpson say will take place in Tampa?
Where does O. J. Simpson expect?
Who will receive answers typed in by a stenographer present in the room with him?
Who did he say plans to lease a house in the Miami area where he will live with his two younger children?
Who said the company sponsoring the two-hour chat has become known for its voyeuristic Web sites in which people can look in on places such as college dorms?
When will LOS ANGELES-- O. J. Simpson go on the Internet to try once again to convince America that he did not kill his ex-wife and her friend?
What did he say he will receive no payment for from the company to contribute money to his three favorite charities?
Who will those who sign on to his chat room pay a fee to talk with?
What did Simpson say with?
What will soon be his new home?
What did he say?
What did he say in?
What did O. J. Simpson say in?
Who said he will receive no payment for his participation except a pledge from the company to contribute money to his three favorite charities?
Who said in a phone interview from Florida it was established in the media?
What will others receive?
Who did he say would have relocated earlier?
Who did O. J. Simpson say had wanted to move there for the past 10 years?
Who did Simpson say did not know how much it would cost to log on chat?
What did he say his two-hour stint on the Internet on July 27 will take in Tampa?
What will LOS ANGELES-- O. J. Simpson go on the Internet next week to field questions from?
What did Simpson say the company sponsoring the two-hour chat has become known for in which people can look in on places such as college dorms?
Who did O. J. Simpson say Tuesday 'm not opposed to talking to the public about my case?
What did O. J. Simpson say he will receive no payment for from the company to contribute money to his three favorite charities?
Who was acquitted of murder in a criminal trial?
Who did O. J. Simpson say would have relocated earlier?
What do most of them not know the facts of?
What was Simpson found liable for?
What did O. J. Simpson say he will receive no payment for his participation except a pledge from the company to contribute to his three favorite charities?
Who said he had wanted to move there for the past 10 years?
Who said he did not know how much it would cost to log on chat?
What did Simpson say?
Where did he say his two-hour stint on the Internet on July 27 will take place?
What does Simpson insist?
What did he say he will receive no payment for his participation except a pledge from to contribute money to his three favorite charities?
What did Simpson say he did not know?
What did Simpson say for?
What did Simpson say in a phone interview from Florida it was established in?
When were others slain?
What did O. J. Simpson say for?
Who will receive answers typed in by a stenographer present in the room with a spokesman for Entertainment Network Inc.?
What do most of them not know?
What will those who sign on to his chat room pay to talk with him?
What did O. J. Simpson say he will receive for his participation except a pledge from the company to contribute money to his three favorite charities?
What will go on the Internet next week to try once again to convince America that he did not kill his ex-wife and her friend?
When did he say he had wanted to move there?
Who did he say will receive no payment for his participation except a pledge from the company to contribute money to his three favorite charities?
What will Florida soon be?
What will pay a fee to talk with him?
What was Tampa the headquarters of?
What do not know the facts of O. J. Simpson's case?
When did he say will take place in Tampa?
What did he say he will receive no payment for his participation except a pledge from the company to contribute to his three favorite charities?
Who said he plans to lease a house in the Miami area where he will live with his two younger children?
Who insists he is innocent?
What did O. J. Simpson say he will receive no payment for his participation except a pledge from to contribute money to his three favorite charities?
What will soon be O. J. Simpson's new home?
What was Simpson acquitted of murder in?
What did Simpson say has become known for its voyeuristic Web sites in which people can look in on places such as college dorms?
What was Simpson acquitted of in a criminal trial?
When did O. J. Simpson say he had wanted to move there?
Who will those who sign on to O. J. Simpson chat room pay a fee to talk with?
What did O. J. Simpson say his two-hour stint on the Internet on July 27 will take in Tampa?
Where does he expect?
Who did he say had wanted to move there for the past 10 years?
What did a spokesman for Entertainment Network Inc. not return for comment?
What did O. J. Simpson say his two-hour stint on the Internet on July 27 will take place in?
What did O. J. Simpson say he plans to lease?
Where did O. J. Simpson say?
Who said he still receives tips about possible leads in the case and hopes the Internet site may attract people with helpful information?
What does he expect to?
What does O. J. Simpson expect to?
Who said his two-hour stint on the Internet on July 27 will take place in Tampa?
What will go on the Internet next week to field questions from the public?
Who said Tuesday I 'm not opposed to talking to the public about my case?
What was established in the public eye?
What did he say he will receive for his participation except a pledge from the company to contribute money to his three favorite charities?
What was the headquarters of Entertainment Network Inc.?
What did he say for?
What will LOS ANGELES-- O. J. Simpson go on the Internet next week to field from the public?
When did he say?
Who said those with the right computer equipment will be able to see and hear him?
What was O. J. Simpson's guilt established in?
What will LOS ANGELES-- O. J. Simpson go on next week to field questions from the public?
Whose case do most of questions not know the facts of?
Who did she say had told her they were uncomfortable having Simpson as a guest?
Who did Walters say made the decision to cancel the booking?
Who was Goldman's father?
Who chose to make a joke: As Johnnie Cochran says, O. J. Simpson must unbook?
Who was acquitted of murder in a criminal trial?
Who were her co-hosts?
Who did Goldman's father go on Fox News Channel last week to encourage television networks not to have as a guest?
Who were members of the show's production staff and all four of her co-hosts?
Who is making other television appearances ahead of his Internet chat session, including interviews Tuesday on NBC's Today?
Whose representatives did a Fox News Channel spokesman say?
What did Walters say she and her co-executive producer made?
Who joined in the audience's cheers by pounding the table after Walters ' announcement?
What did Walters say?
Who was her co-executive producer?
Who did Goldman's father go on Fox News Channel last week to encourage television networks not to have Simpson as?
What was to promote his participation in a two-hour Internet chat session on Thursday where members of the public can pay a fee to ask him questions?
Whose appearance was scheduled for Wednesday?
Who was ordered to pay the victims ' families $33. 5 million?
Who says?
What was to promote Walters's participation in a two-hour Internet chat session on Thursday where members of the public can pay a fee to ask him questions?
Whose appearance was to promote his participation in a two-hour Internet chat session on Thursday where members of the public can pay a fee to ask him questions?
Whose father went on Fox News Channel last week to encourage television networks not to have Simpson as a guest?
What did she say several viewers had told her were uncomfortable having Simpson as a guest?
What was she surrounded by?
Whose representatives did a Fox News Channel spokesman say asked to see questions they would be asked on the show in advance but were refused?
Who chose to make a joke: As Johnnie Cochran says, you must unbook?
What did Goldman's father go on Fox News Channel last week to encourage not to have Simpson as a guest?
Who said Simpson's representatives asked to see questions they would be asked on the show in advance but were refused?
Who was found liable in a subsequent civil trial for the 1994 deaths of his ex-wife Nicole Brown Simpson and her friend Ronald Goldman?
What was her syndicated talk show?
Who was Bill Geddie?
When was Simpson's appearance scheduled?
What were Meredith Vieira, Joy Behar, Star Jones and Lisa Ling?
Who did she say several viewers had told her as?
What was The View?
What was Simpson acquitted of murder in?
Who did she say several viewers had told they were uncomfortable having Simpson as a guest?
What was Simpson acquitted of in a criminal trial?
What was Simpson found liable in?
Who did a Fox News Channel spokesman say asked to see questions they would be asked on the show in advance but were refused?
What did Goldman's father go on last week to encourage television networks not to have Simpson as a guest?
When did Goldman's father go on Fox News Channel to encourage television networks not to have Simpson as a guest?
What is Simpson making other television appearances ahead of his Internet chat session, including interviews Tuesday on Today?
What did a Fox News Channel spokesman say?
What did Vieira join in by pounding the table after Walters ' announcement?
Who was surrounded by her co-hosts?
What was scheduled for Wednesday?
Who was Fred?
What were several viewers members of?
Whose appearance was to promote Walters's participation in a two-hour Internet chat session on Thursday where members of the public can pay a fee to ask him questions?
What greeted Barbara Walters ' announcement Monday that she has canceled a scheduled appearance by O. J. Simpson this week on her syndicated talk show?
Who said she and her co-executive producer made the decision to cancel the booking?
What did Behar choose to make?
Who said several viewers had told her they were uncomfortable having Simpson as a guest?
Who were several viewers?
Whose father was Fred?
Who said?
Who went on Fox News Channel last week to encourage television networks not to have Simpson as a guest?
Who did she say several viewers had told her were uncomfortable having Simpson as a guest?
What is to make sure that they got a first-class education?
What did O. J. Simpson say near?
Who does the academy have an average class size of?
What awarded O. J. Simpson's families $33. 5 million?
What were O. J. Simpson's children not present at?
Who does the academy send almost all of to college?
Whose children were not present at O. J. Simpson's news conference?
Who said he is seeking a home near the school?
Who is 53?
Who did Simpson say my major concern was the education of?
What is O. J. Simpson's 14-year-old daughter?
What is his 14-year-old daughter?
How many key things to raising kids is to make sure that they got a first-class education?
Where did Simpson say?
Who said my major concern was the education of my kids?
Who has had custody of his children for four years?
Who was acquitted of murdering their mother-- his ex-wife Nicole Brown Simpson-- and her friend Ronald Goldman?
What did Simpson say he's in in an undisclosed location?
Who said Thursday he's proud that his 14-year-old daughter passed the school's rigorous entrance exams and are beginning classes?
What did he ask the media to leave alone?
Whose 14-year-old daughter is Sydney, and 12-year-old son, Justin?
What did a civil jury later find him responsible for?
Where did Simpson say he's in the middle of moving from Los Angeles to South Florida, renting a house for now?
Whose news conference were O. J. Simpson's children not present at?
What did O. J. Simpson say he is seeking a home near?
Who were not present at O. J. Simpson's news conference?
Who has Simpson had custody of for four years?
When did Simpson say he's proud that his 14-year-old daughter passed the school's rigorous entrance exams and are beginning classes?
Who stood on the driveway of Gulliver Academy?
What did he say he is seeking near the school?
Where did Simpson say he's in an undisclosed location?
Who did he ask the media to leave alone?
What did he say near?
What found him responsible for their 1994 deaths?
What does the academy have?
What did he say he is seeking a home near?
What have O. J. Simpson's children enrolled in?
Whose children have enrolled in an exclusive South Florida private school?
What is Simpson?
What does the academy send to college?
What did Simpson say was the education of my kids?
What charges $13,000 annually?
Who was acquitted of murdering four years's mother-- his ex-wife Nicole Brown Simpson-- and her friend Ronald Goldman?
What has an average class size of 14 students?
Who have attended the school?
What sends almost all of an average class size of 14 students's graduates to college?
Who were not present at his news conference?
What have the children of Gov. Jeb Bush and singers Julio Iglesias and Gloria Estefan attended?
Who have enrolled in an exclusive South Florida private school?
What is to make sure that they know they are loved?
Who is Sydney, and 12-year-old son, Justin?
What does the academy send almost all of its graduates to?
Who said he's in the middle of moving from Los Angeles to South Florida, renting a house for now in an undisclosed location?
What has Simpson had for four years?
What did Simpson say my major concern was?
What did he ask to leave them alone?
What did Simpson say Thursday he's proud?
Whose graduates does the academy send almost all of to college?
Who did O. J. Simpson say is seeking a home near the school?
What did Simpson stand on?
Who did a civil jury later find responsible for their 1994 deaths?
What awarded their families $33. 5 million?
What did Simpson say Thursday?
Who did Simpson say Thursday's proud that his 14-year-old daughter passed the school's rigorous entrance exams and are beginning classes?
Who did Simpson say's in the middle of moving from Los Angeles to South Florida, renting a house for now in an undisclosed location?
What did O. J. Simpson say he is seeking near the school?
What were not present at his news conference?
How many key things to raising kids is to make sure that they know they are loved?
Who did he say is seeking a home near the school?
What sends almost all of its graduates to college?
What were they not present at?
What did Simpson say he's in the middle of moving from Los Angeles to South Florida, renting a house for now in?
What did Simpson say in?
What does the academy send almost all of an average class size of 14 students's graduates to?
What does the academy charge?
When has Simpson had custody of his children?
Who asked the media to leave them alone?
What did Plummer say was the hottest show in town?
Who did Plummer say's a wonderful character?
Who shaved a bald spot on the back of his head?
Who said in an interview the Uncensored Story of the Simpson Defense's about the lawyers?
What were most of them avid fans of?
Whose book did Silver say Plummer 've read?
Who said he found the miniseries much more than a ghastly replay of the trial?
What did I watch of course?
What was published in 1996?
Who recently directed another miniseries from his book Perfect Murder?
Who have spent many hours immersing themselves in trial history?
Who did Silver say 've talked to other people about him?
What did I watch the trial of?
What was padded?
What does a Simpson body double sit at during filming of court sessions?
What were avid fans of the televised trial?
What did Ron Silver shave a bald spot on?
What said Cochran and Shapiro have met with the actors portraying them?
Who said the Trial of the Century was the hottest show in town?
What did Bruno Kirby say is laughable?
Who refused to issue an injunction?
Who did the guiding hand behind the production say Cochran and Shapiro have met with?
Who bears a striking resemblance to Shapiro?
What is Aug. 31?
What were most of actors avid fans of?
What did Silver say Plummer 've read?
Who is E?
What watched the trial of course?
Who is the guiding hand behind the production?
What did Silver say?
What have the actors spent many hours immersing in trial history?
What is that more interesting than anything else to?
Who was the Insider?
Whose 11th-hour legal bid has been futile?
What do actors bear?
Who have spent many hours watching hours of trial videotape?
What will production be completed by the time Simpson's suit gets back to court on Sept. 6 with?
Who said no one's about the defense team and the quite amazing ego challenges involved?
What does Ron Silver bear?
Who is this story not about?
Who said he 'd look at the script and revisit the matter?
What has been duplicated in every detail including floral arrangements that often decorated the judge's bench?
What does it's about winning in?
What did a judge say at?
What has Silver met with more than once?
What does he represent?
What has the courtroom where the case was tried been duplicated in including floral arrangements that often decorated the judge's bench?
What did the author's lawyers point out that no one took until the miniseries was nearly completed?
Who was the actor?
What will it air on in November unless O. J. Simpson is able to stop it?
Who watched the trial of course?
Who did Silver say I 've talked to other people about?
What was Simpson acquitted in?
What will air on CBS in November unless O. J. Simpson is able to stop it?
Who is the curmudgeon?
Who said the actor, who recently played Mike Wallace in the movie's a wonderful character?
Who is lawyer Robert Kardashian?
When have the actors spent many hours immersing themselves?
What does a Simpson body double sit at the counsel table during?
What debutes 9 p. m. EDT Thursday?
When will it air on CBS unless O. J. Simpson is able to stop it?
What has met with Shapiro more than once?
What was his book Perfect Murder?
When have the actors spent watching hours of trial videotape?
Who said it was the hottest show in town?
What then learns success is not all it's cracked up to be?
What did Lawrence Schiller lawyer Robert Kardashian write the book American Tragedy with James Willwerth based on information from Marcia Clark mole on?
What is a visit to the soundstage in North Hollywood?
What is a Simpson voice occasionally heard on an intercom talking to his lawyers during?
Whose lawyers pointed out that no one took legal action until the miniseries was nearly completed?
What did Silver say I 've talked to about him?
What will be seen in the miniseries?
What did the guiding hand behind the production watch of course?
What did the actor, who recently played Mike Wallace in the movie say no one's about challenges involved?
Whose book Perfect Murder was Perfect Town?
What said Plummer 've talked to other people about him?
Who did the actor say he found much more than a ghastly replay of the trial?
Who said Cochran and Shapiro have met with the actors portraying them?
What does Plummer represent?
What did a judge refuse to issue?
What will a TV miniseries air on in November unless O. J. Simpson is able to stop it?
Whose body was padded?
What had more than once's agendas?
What did he say's about the defense team and the quite amazing ego challenges involved?
Who did Silver say claims never to have read Schiller's book?
Who was acquitted in criminal court?
What is Lawrence Schiller?
Who played Mike Wallace in the movie?
Who were avid fans of the televised trial?
What did Schiller say in it's about the lawyers?
Who was found liable in civil court?
Who sympathize?
Who said he's a wonderful character?
When have the actors spent immersing themselves in trial history?
What did both Plummer and Silver say separately I do not know?
Who 'm sure he loves his drink?
What will be completed by the time Simpson's suit gets back to court on Sept. 6 with luck?
Who is the old man?
What did Ron Silver shave on the back of his head?
What said Plummer 've read Bob's book?
Who said it's about the defense team and the quite amazing ego challenges involved?
Who were most of them?
What is occasionally heard on an intercom talking to his lawyers during their meetings?
Who said I 've read Bob's book?
When have the actors spent reading books?
Who added thick eyebrows?
Who did Plummer say he's?
What does he represent the high-flown old school of?
What did Ron Silver add?
What kept him there?
Who was nearly completed?
Whose book did Silver say I 've read?
What is more interesting than anything else to the guiding hand behind the production?
Who did both Plummer and Silver say separately do not know what the truth is?
Who did Schiller say in an interview the Uncensored Story of the Simpson Defense's about?
Who sympathizes?
Whose book Perfect Murder was a recounting of the Jon Benet Ramsey murder case?
Who filed affidavits last week saying they had been misled into giving interviews to Schiller?
Who did eight members of the defense file affidavits last week saying had been misled into giving interviews to Schiller?
What did the actor, who recently played Mike Wallace in the movie say's about the defense team and the quite amazing ego challenges involved?
What is that more interesting than to the guiding hand behind the production?
Who did Schiller say in an interview it's about?
What does the public not know behind?
What does Plummer represent the high-flown old school of?
What did he say it's about?
What did the actor say?
What was a TV miniseries's book Perfect Murder?
Who is lawyering?
What did Simpson send his lawyers to this month seeking a preliminary injunction to halt production on American Tragedy?
What is a TV miniseries reproducing?
What did viewers sit glued to as the saga unfolded in what would be dubbed the Trial of the Century?
What did the author's lawyers point out?
Who did Schiller recently direct from his book Perfect Murder?
Who did the actor say found the miniseries much more than a ghastly replay of the trial?
Who wrote the book American Tragedy with James Willwerth based on information from his mole on the defense team?
When will a TV miniseries air on CBS unless O. J. Simpson is able to stop it?
Where did Silver conclude?
Who 'm sure I do too?
What was a recounting of the Jon Benet Ramsey murder case?
When have the actors spent many hours watching?
What is not a speaking role?
What is the guiding hand behind the production not?
Who stars Harland Williams, Robert Wagner and Elizabeth Berkley?
What did Schiller say in an interview's about the lawyers?
What did Lawrence Schiller lawyer Robert Kardashian write the book American Tragedy with James Willwerth based on information from his mole on?
Who wrote the book American Tragedy with James Willwerth based on information from Marcia Clark mole on the defense team?
When is the movie?
Who did a judge say 'd look at the script and revisit the matter?
What is that more interesting than to me?
What has Silver met with Shapiro?
What will segments of actual trial footage be seen in?
What concluded that Shapiro laid the groundwork for a brilliant defense but was forced to the sidelines by others?
What did the actor say was irresistible?
What was no one sort of?
Who did Schiller collaborate with on a jailhouse book?
What is a Simpson voice occasionally heard on during their meetings?
What's about winning in a courtroom?
Who pointed out that no one took legal action until the miniseries was nearly completed?
What did the guiding hand behind the production watch the trial of?
What have the actors spent many hours reading?
How many members of the defense filed affidavits last week saying they had been misled into giving interviews to Schiller?
If the movie hews to the book, what will it not take?
Who does Bruno Kirby play?
What did Silver conclude to?
Who did Silver say 've read Bob's book?
Who collaborated with Simpson on a jailhouse book?
What did Silver say I 've read?
What does Schiller say neither Simpson nor anyone else was promised?
What has been futile?
What is his not?
What was it?
What have the actors spent many hours watching hours of?
Who did the actor play in the movie?
What was it sort of?
Who did Silver say once the trial started, became quite marginalized?
Who said I 've talked to other people about him?
Who did Plummer say the actor, who recently played Mike Wallace in the movie's?
What is reproducing the experience?
What unfolded in what would be dubbed the Trial of the Century?
What does Entertainment Television's second original TV movie then learn is not all it's cracked up to be?
Who were most of actors?
When will production be completed with luck?
What did the actor, who recently played Mike Wallace in the movie say no one's about?
What takes a comic look at a struggling actor who discovers a formula for success?
Who have the actors spent many hours immersing in trial history?
What did one cast member say?
Who represents the high-flown old school of lawyering?
What did Schiller say in the Uncensored Story of the Simpson Defense's about the lawyers?
Who said this thing about the search for the truth is laughable?
Who is Lawrence Schiller?
What does Entertainment Television's second original TV movie then learn?
Who said in an interview it's about the lawyers?
Who 'mes sure I do too?
If the movie hews to the book, what will it not take a position on whether Simpson was truly innocent of?
Who have spent many hours reading books?
Who plays attorney Barry Scheck?
What did he say it's about challenges involved?
Who bear an eerie resemblance to Marcia Clark among others?
What did Plummer say it was?
Who said once the trial started, he became quite marginalized?
Who sat glued to their TV sets as the saga unfolded in what would be dubbed the Trial of the Century?
Whose second original TV movie then learns success is not all it's cracked up to be?
Who said separately I do not know what the truth is?
What is an adventure in deja vu?
What is not particularly proud of having watched the Trial of the Century?
What did everyone have?
What did the actor play Mike Wallace in?
Who does Schiller say was promised prior approval on the book or script?
Whose book did Silver say the lawyer claims never to have read?
Who is that more interesting than anything else to?
Who did one cast member say became convinced that truth was never the aim?
Who does the movie star?
Who says neither Simpson nor anyone else was promised prior approval on the book or script?
What did Plummer say the Trial of the Century was?
Who did eight members of the defense file affidavits last week saying to?
What is Dick?
What did Simpson send his lawyers to court this month seeking?
What does Schiller say?
What did Schiller collaborate with Simpson on?
What is more interesting than anything else to me?
Who did his obligation to his client keep there?
What did Lawrence Schiller lawyer Robert Kardashian write with James Willwerth based on information from Marcia Clark mole on the defense team?
Who said he became convinced that truth was never the aim?
What did Silver say Plummer 've talked to about him?
What did eight members of the defense file affidavits last week saying had been misled into giving interviews to Schiller?
What was sort of the fascination of watching a snake?
Who makes a cameo appearance?
What did the actor say he found the miniseries much more than?
What was Perfect Town?
What was no one?
Who directed?
What does not know what took place behind closed doors?
What did Silver say the lawyer claims never to have read?
Who did Silver say Plummer 've talked to other people about?
What is not about O. J. Simpson?
What did Lawrence Schiller lawyer Robert Kardashian write with James Willwerth based on information from his mole on the defense team?
Whose book did Silver say?
Who is Marcia Clark?
Who is Robert Shapiro and Superior Court Judge Lance Ito?
What sits at the counsel table during filming of court sessions?
Who did the guiding hand behind the production say have met with the actors portraying them?
Who did he say have met with the actors portraying them?
What was Simpson found liable in?
Who did Lawrence Schiller lawyer Robert Kardashian write the book American Tragedy with mole on the defense team?
Who said the lawyer claims never to have read Schiller's book?
Whose second original TV movie takes a comic look at a struggling actor who discovers a formula for success?
What did the actor say than?
What does Entertainment Television's second original TV movie take?
Who said the chance to play the legendary F. Lee Bailey was irresistible?
What did Schiller recently direct another miniseries from?
Who 'mes sure he loves his drink?
What does Bob Saget make?
What started?
Who did he say Cochran and Shapiro have met with?
Who sent his lawyers to court this month seeking a preliminary injunction to halt production on American Tragedy?
What does this thing about the search for the truth's about winning in?
What is not particularly proud of having watched it?
What had their agendas?
Who said an appeal was being considered?
What has LOS ANGELES-- O. J. Simpson lost a bid to block broadcast of a TV miniseries to?
What did Simpson lawyer Terry Gross of San Francisco say was being considered?
What was Simpson found liable for?
Who was found liable for the killings in a later civil trial?
What did the judge say he was unconvinced in?
What did the judge say in?
Who refused to issue a preliminary injunction Wednesday?
Who do both sides admit are unlikely to get an appeal judgment before the miniseries ' Nov. 12 air date?
What focuses on the tensions and strategies of the legal dream team that won Simpson's acquittal in the 1994 slayings of his ex-wife like the book?
What did the judge say he was unconvinced would harm Simpson because most of the material already appeared in the 1996 best-selling book on which it is based?
Who was a lawyer representing Project 95, the movie's producer, and Schiller?
Whose Nov. 12 air date do both sides admit before?
What has LOS ANGELES-- O. J. Simpson lost he claims would reveal his defense team secrets to an audience of millions?
What does the miniseries focus on the tensions and strategies of the legal dream team that won Simpson's acquittal in the 1994 slayings of his ex-wife like?
What do both sides admit are unlikely to get an appeal judgment before the miniseries ' Nov. 12 air date?
Who has LOS ANGELES-- O. J. Simpson lost a bid to block broadcast of a TV miniseries claims would reveal his defense team secrets to an audience of millions?
What did Simpson lawyer Terry Gross of San Francisco say?
What does the miniseries focus on like the book?
What has no trial date been set for?
Who was ordered to pay $33. 5 million in damages?
Who was Gary Bostwick?
What has LOS ANGELES-- O. J. Simpson lost a bid to block broadcast of a TV miniseries he claims would reveal his defense team secrets to?
Who is Nicole Brown Simpson, and her friend, Ronald Goldman?
What has lost a bid to block broadcast of a TV miniseries he claims would reveal his defense team secrets to an audience of millions?
What already appeared in the 1996 best-selling book on which it is based?
What admit they are unlikely to get an appeal judgment before the miniseries ' Nov. 12 air date?
Who said we 're very pleased?
Who did Gary Bostwick say 're very pleased?
When has been set for the lawsuit?
Who is his ex-wife?
When do both sides admit?
What did most of the material already appear in on which it is based?
Who was always a batterer?
Where did Simpson golf?
Who do a criminal jury acquit in 1995?
What _ O. J. Simpson's appeal of the $33. 5 million judgment against him provoked bitter, angry reactions from the families of Nicole Brown Simpson and Ronald Goldman?
Whose rulings did they also say?
What do I think?
What do I not think would say it was legal?
What does LOS ANGELES _ O. J. Simpson's appeal of provoked bitter, angry reactions from the families of Nicole Brown Simpson and Ronald Goldman?
Who said they will continue to pursue Simpson's assets?
Who said, ``It's the same issues we litigated twice already in the trial court''?
Who said Simpson recently granted a paid interview to a German television station and asked the station to pay the money to a third party for instance?
Who was Peter Gelblum one of?
What did Simpson's attorneys also say?
Where did Simpson's attorneys file the 96-page appeal last week with the 2nd District Court of Appeal?
Who 're supposed to go by the law?
Who thinks in America, justice is supposed to be fair?
What did Peter Gelblum predict would not have much success?
What did they also say the judge's rulings thwarted their efforts to prove then-Officer at?
Who filed the 96-page appeal last week with the 2nd District Court of Appeal in Los Angeles?
What do O. J. Simpson think in, justice is supposed to be fair?
Who said later this year they plan to auction off his Heisman Trophy?
What do public opinion or certain prejudices try to collect on?
What did Los Angeles attorney Nathanial Friedman sue Charles Manson on?
Where did Friedman say, ``His guilt is so self-evident that any reasonable person says''?
Whose rulings did they also say thwarted their efforts to prove then-Officer Mark Fuhrman of the Los Angeles Police Department planted a bloody glove at Simpson's estate?
Who did the Goldmans ' attorneys say will continue to pursue Simpson's assets?
Who does the Nicole Brown Simpson Charitable Foundation help?
What did Simpson's attorneys also say the judge's rulings thwarted their efforts to prove then-Officer at?
What also said the judge's rulings thwarted their efforts to prove then-Officer Mark Fuhrman of the Los Angeles Police Department planted a bloody glove at Simpson's estate?
Where did Friedman say, ``His guilt is so self-evident''?
What do I not think any person involved in the law who looked at that trial and looked at some of the rulings would say was legal?
What do I not think any person involved in the law who looked at that trial and looked at some of the rulings would say?
Whose estate did they also say the judge's rulings thwarted their efforts to prove then-Officer at?
What did Simpson's attorneys file the 96-page appeal last week with the 2nd District Court of Appeal in?
Who was Nicole's sister?
Who did Goldman say recently granted a paid interview to a German television station and asked the station to pay the money to a third party for instance?
What did they also say thwarted their efforts to prove then-Officer Mark Fuhrman of the Los Angeles Police Department planted a bloody glove at Simpson's estate?
Whose rulings did Simpson's attorneys also say?
What do O. J. Simpson not think any person involved in the law who looked at that trial and looked at some of the rulings would say?
Whose assets did the Goldmans ' attorneys say?
Who said, ``This foundation is not about Mr. Simpson''?
Who also said the judge's rulings thwarted their efforts to prove then-Officer Mark Fuhrman of the Los Angeles Police Department planted a bloody glove at Simpson's estate?
Who was Peter Gelblum?
What do O. J. Simpson think in America, is supposed to be fair?
What do O. J. Simpson not think would say it was legal?
What did a civil jury find Simpson liable for in February 1997?
Where do O. J. Simpson think?
Whose estate did Simpson's attorneys also say the judge's rulings thwarted their efforts to prove then-Officer at?
What do O. J. Simpson not think any person involved in the law who looked at that trial and looked at some of the rulings would say was legal?
What did Friedman say, ``His guilt is so self-evident that any reasonable person says to''?
What did Peter Gelblum predict the appeal would not have?
What did the Goldmans ' attorneys say will continue to pursue Simpson's assets?
What do I think's supposed to be blind?
What did Los Angeles attorney Nathanial Friedman call?''
Who golfed in Louisiana?
What do O. J. Simpson think in?
What do I think in America, is supposed to be fair?
Whose attorneys labeled the civil trial ``fundamentally tainted by several erroneous evidentiary rulings''?
What did Simpson golf in?
Whose attorneys said they will continue to pursue Simpson's assets?
Who said Friday the family responded to news of the appeal by stripping the name ``Simpson'' from the Nicole Brown Simpson Charitable Foundation?
Who contends that Simpson has become adept at shielding his income from the Goldman family as they try to collect on the huge judgment?
What does LOS ANGELES _ provoked bitter, angry reactions from the families of Nicole Brown Simpson and Ronald Goldman?
When could the appeal take to resolve?
Who said, ``It's the same issues Simpson's attorneys litigated twice already in the trial court''?
What did Goldman say Simpson recently granted a paid interview to a German television station and asked the station to pay the money to a third party for?
What did Goldman say to for instance?
Who said later this year Simpson's attorneys plan to auction off his Heisman Trophy?
What did Gelblum say later this year they plan to auction off?
Who was Denise Brown?
What did Simpson say?
What did the former football star's attorneys say?
What did the Goldmans ' attorneys say?
Whose assets did the Goldmans ' attorneys say they will continue to pursue?
When did a civil jury find Simpson liable for the stabbing deaths of Ronald Goldman and Nicole Brown Simpson?
What does the Nicole Brown Simpson Charitable Foundation help victims of?
Who 'res supposed to go by the law?
What do they try to collect on?
What did they also say?
Who contends that Simpson has become adept at shielding his income from the Goldman family as public opinion or certain prejudices try to collect on the huge judgment?
Who think in America, justice is supposed to be fair?
Who called Simpson's appeal ``an absolutely outrageous abuse of the taxpayer-supported court system of California?''
What did Simpson's attorneys also say the judge's rulings thwarted?
Who was Fred Goldman?
What does Goldman contend from?
What acquitted Simpson of murder charges in 1995?
What did the Goldmans ' attorneys say they will continue to pursue?
What did Friedman say, ``His guilt is so self-evident to''?
What do O. J. Simpson think's supposed to be blind?
What did they also say the judge's rulings thwarted?
Who was the father of Ronald Goldman?
What did Simpson's attorneys file the 96-page appeal last week with in Los Angeles?
Who was the batterer?
Who labeled the civil trial ``fundamentally tainted by several erroneous evidentiary rulings''?
Who sued Charles Manson on behalf of the family of one of Manson's victims?
What did Los Angeles attorney Nathanial Friedman call Simpson's appeal ``an absolutely outrageous abuse of?''
What did the former football star's attorneys say the judge should have excluded?
Who was Fred Goldman the father of?
Whose attorneys filed the 96-page appeal last week with the 2nd District Court of Appeal in Los Angeles?
Who did Los Angeles attorney Nathanial Friedman sue on behalf of the family of one of Manson's victims?
What did Simpson say the appeal was?
Who does not think any person involved in the law who looked at that trial and looked at some of the rulings would say it was legal?
Who was one of the Goldmans ' attorneys?
What do I think in, justice is supposed to be fair?
Who predicted the appeal would not have much success?
Whose appeal ``an absolutely outrageous abuse of the taxpayer-supported court system of California did Los Angeles attorney Nathanial Friedman call?''
Who helps victims of domestic violence?
Whose appeal of the $33. 5 million judgment against him does LOS ANGELES _ provoked bitter, angry reactions from the families of Nicole Brown Simpson and Ronald Goldman?
What did Gelblum say later this year Simpson's attorneys plan to auction off?
When do a criminal jury acquit Simpson of murder charges?
What do I not think?
What are not supposed to count?
Who said the appeal was his fundamental right?
What do O. J. Simpson 're supposed to go by?
What could take months or even years to resolve?
What did Simpson's attorneys label?
What do O. J. Simpson not think?
What do you 're supposed to go by?
Where do I think, justice is supposed to be fair?
What does LOS ANGELES _ O. J. Simpson's appeal of the $33. 5 million judgment against him?
What did Denise Brown say Friday the family responded to by stripping the name ``Simpson'' from the Nicole Brown Simpson Charitable Foundation?
What did Simpson say was his fundamental right?
What do O. J. Simpson think?
What try to collect on the huge judgment?
Who called the appeal ``further proof positive that this monster does not want to be held responsible for his actions?''
Who think justice's supposed to be blind?
What do a criminal jury acquit Simpson of in 1995?
Who said the judge should have excluded evidence that Simpson had a history of violence against his former wife?
Where do O. J. Simpson think, justice is supposed to be fair?
Who do not think any person involved in the law who looked at that trial and looked at some of the rulings would say it was legal?
Who thinks it's supposed to be blind?
Who did the former football star's attorneys say should have excluded evidence that Simpson had a history of violence against his former wife?
Who try to collect on the huge judgment?
What did Simpson's attorneys also say thwarted their efforts to prove then-Officer Mark Fuhrman of the Los Angeles Police Department planted a bloody glove at Simpson's estate?
Where do I think?
What found Simpson liable for the stabbing deaths of Ronald Goldman and Nicole Brown Simpson in February 1997?
Who did a civil jury find liable for the stabbing deaths of Ronald Goldman and Nicole Brown Simpson in February 1997?
What did Denise Brown say to?
What do I think in?
What did Peter Gelblum predict?
Whose sister was Denise Brown?
Who did the latter piece have a statuette of at one time?
When did the latter piece have a statuette of a man affixed to the top of a silver-plated cup?
What is the auction accessible through!
Who will not be around to make change for a $20?
What is information?
What is accessible through LiveBid. com as well as Yahoo!
What has already been very active?
What does conduct Ron Goldman and Nicole Brown Simpson?
What is now broken?
Who conducts the live bidding process for Simpson property seized to help settle the $25 million civil judgment won by the families of murder victims?
What _ At 6 p. m. Tuesday, O. J. Simpson's ``Garage Sale of the Century'' takes place online?
What do LOS ANGELES _ At 6 p. m. Tuesday, takes place online?
What may you have already seen the flashier stuff up for?
What had a statuette of a man affixed to the top of a silver-plated cup at one time?
What is required?
What do LOS ANGELES _ At, O. J. Simpson's ``Garage Sale of the Century'' takes place online?
What may you have already seen up for grabs?
What is the latter piece?
What did the latter piece have at one time?
What do LOS ANGELES _ At?
Who may have already seen the flashier stuff up for grabs?
What's a part of history?
What quickly rose above $200,000?
What did Marty Cohen of Cleveland come close to getting the trophy with?
When does the total amount raised by the sale of 74 items's a part?
What said, ``The bidding went by officials with the Butterfield and Butterfield auction house in Hollywood in a shot''?
What was attorney Michael D. Myers?
What did bidding for the Heisman start at?
What did Myers say is expected to receive one third of the auction proceeds?
What was the total amount raised by the sale of 74 items?
What went for $7,000?
What attended the auction?
What did a Tiffany-style leaded glass lamp shade valued at $600 to $900 go for?
What went for $2,250?
What also brought high bids?
Who said Nicole Brown Simpson's estate is expected to receive one third of the auction proceeds?
What was Mohr?
What was their estimated value?
What did Ira M. Friedman represent?
How many people including a crush of media attended the auction?
What went for $4,500?
What did some of the items go for?
What was intended to partially satisfy the civil judgment owed by Simpson to the families of Goldman and his ex-wife?
Who came close to getting the trophy with a bid of $220,000?
Who did Ira M. Friedman represent the estate of?
Who was a real estate developer who last played football in the ninth grade?
Who was a U. S. Postal Service worker and collector?
What did Jeff Mohr of North Hollywood say it appeared many people were drawn to by morbid curiosity?
What did about 500 people including a crush of media attend?
Who did another private collector say also wanted a Heisman, but did not want to spend more than $100,000?
What was the Web site shadowgov. com of?
What did the Simpson golf bags with clubs go on for about $2,200?
What was the Heisman Memorial Trophy awarded to Simpson in 1968 when he was a senior at the University of Southern California?
What did Jeff Mohr of North Hollywood say it appeared to?
What was some of the items's estimated value?
Who said they did not know if O. J. Simpson had a representative there?
What did officials say?
Who said I 'm a Heisman Trophy winner?
Who did Cohen say 'm a Heisman Trophy winner?
What fetched $230,000 at an auction Tuesday intended to raise money for the families of his ex-wife and her friend?
What went on average for about $2,200?
What should receive two-thirds?
Who decided to hold off when he realized that the East Coast collector would top his bid?
Who was 43?
What did bidding for the Heisman quickly rise above?
Who was Cohen?
Who was the state court receiver appointed to oversee the liquidation of Simpson's property?
Whose estate did Myers say is expected to receive one third of the auction proceeds?
Who did Cohen say I 'm?
What was $430,000?
Who did officials with the Butterfield and Butterfield auction house in Hollywood say did not want to be identified?
Who was Randy Burkett?
When does it's a part?
Who said we just wanted a piece of it?
When does the total amount raised by the sale of 74 items's?
Who said officials with the Butterfield and Butterfield auction house in Hollywood just wanted a piece of the total amount raised by the sale of 74 items?
What did Burkett spend on several trophies and artwork?
Who was a representative of the Web site?
Who was acquitted by a criminal jury on murder charges?
What did a simple white football jersey with red stripes and the number 32 estimated to be worth at least $400 go for?
What did Jeff Mohr of North Hollywood say it appeared were drawn to the auction by morbid curiosity?
What is the only one ever auctioned?
Who was her friend?
Who said, ``I was very pleased with the overall result''?
What was Bob Enyart a representative of?
Who said, ``We 're going to destroy this O. J. Simpson property on the steps of the L. A. Courthouse at noon''?
What did LOS ANGELES-- O. J. Simpson's Heisman Memorial Trophy fetch at an auction Tuesday intended to raise money for the families of his ex-wife and her friend?
What was Jeff Mohr?
What was especially the football jerseys and golf bags?
What was an East Coast collector?
What did Burkett spend about $10,000 on?
What was the Web site?
Who did spend about $10,000 on several trophies and artwork?
What is the most prestigious award in college football?
Who said the group had planned for two weeks to buy and destroy these items?
Who was Ron Goldman?
Who said, ``You have a lot of people who bid from the heart and not the mind''?
What spent $4,750 for two football jerseys?
What should Goldman's family receive?
When does it's?
Who said, ``The bidding went by us in a shot''?
What did a Hall of Fame commemorative football valued at $200 to $300 go for?
What was Simpson acquitted by on murder charges?
What did Enyart say had planned for two weeks to buy and destroy these items?
Who was the Heisman Trophy?
Who was the private collector?
Who did officials say did not know if O. J. Simpson had a representative there?
Who said the buyer of the Heisman Trophy did not want to be identified?
What was Amarillo?
What will receive only about $382,000 once auction house fees and other costs are subtracted?
What will the families of the two slaying victims receive once auction house fees and other costs are subtracted?
What did Jeff Mohr of North Hollywood say appeared many people were drawn to the auction by morbid curiosity?
What is the bronze statute?
Who said he also wanted a Heisman, but did not want to spend more than $100,000?
Whose Heisman Memorial Trophy said, ``The bidding went by officials with the Butterfield and Butterfield auction house in Hollywood in a shot''?
Whose family should receive two-thirds?
What did Jeff Mohr of North Hollywood say to?
Who represented the estate of Nicole Brown Simpson?
What did LOS ANGELES-- O. J. Simpson's Heisman Memorial Trophy fetch $230,000 at?
What was Simpson acquitted by a criminal jury on?
What started at $75,000?
Who said it appeared many people were drawn to the auction by morbid curiosity?
Who was Bob Enyart?
When did Enyart say?
What did most of the artwork also bring?
Who said, ``O. J. Simpson have a lot of people who bid from the heart and not the mind''?
What was the most coveted item and the last to be auctioned awarded to Simpson in 1968 when he was a senior at the University of Southern California?
What was Texas?
What did Jeff Mohr of North Hollywood say it appeared many people were drawn to the auction by?
What are subtracted?
When did Enyart say the group had planned to buy and destroy these items?
Who said, ``O. J. Simpson was very pleased with the overall result''?
What did the group spend?
What did officials say did not know if O. J. Simpson had a representative there?
What was shadowgov. com of Denver?
What did another private collector say?
What went for far more than their estimated value?
What did the Simpson golf bags with clubs go on average for?
What will he be seen in?
Who will appear on the ABC daytime program ``The View,'' talking mainly with Barbara Walters and Star Jones on Wednesday?
When has Simpson been extensively interviewed only on Black Entertainment Television in 1996 and on ESPN in the years since his acquittal on murder charges in 1994?
What will Simpson discuss in all the appearances?
What was her ABC News program?
Who described it as a ``company that creates voyeuristic Web sites?''
What did Brian Barry not provide?
What did he add, ``I think he knows with?''
What did both Zucker and Bill Geddie say had been placed on the interviews?
Who said, ``The image of O. J. sitting in the center of our panel of women was too powerful to resist?''
What was 20\/20?
Where did Barry say?
What did Geddie say for?''
Who will discuss the start-up of the Web site AskOJ. com in all the appearances?
What will O. J. Simpson appear on a series of television programs next week to publicize on which he will take questions from the public?
What did he not provide?
Who was the executive producer of ``The View''?
Who did Zucker say would ``ask the questions you 'd expect him to be asked?''
What did Zucker give?
What did he describe it as?''
Who was Brian Barry?
What did both Zucker and Bill Geddie say on?
What did both Zucker and Bill Geddie say no conditions had been placed on?
Who was the Zucker and Bill Geddie?
What will Simpson be interviewed on by the on Tuesday?
Who will appear on a series of television programs next week to publicize a Web site on which he will take questions from the public?
What will O. J. Simpson be seen in?
What will O. J. Simpson appear on on Wednesday?
What did he not provide details of?
What was the Zucker and Bill Geddie the executive producer of?
What was Tampa?
Who did not provide details of the financial arrangement?
What did Zucker say?''
What did Barry say the Entertainment Network was based in?
Who lost a civil lawsuit over the deaths of his wife, Nicole, and her friend Ron Goldman in 1997?
What will O. J. Simpson appear on the same channel on the program?
What did he add, ``I think with?''
What did Brian Barry not provide details of?
Who will be seen in an afternoon segment on the Fox News Channel?
Who said Lauer would ``ask the questions Brian Barry 'd expect him to be asked?''
What did he describe as a ``company that creates voyeuristic Web sites?''
What will Simpson discuss the start-up of in all the appearances?
What will Simpson discuss the start-up of the Web site AskOJ. com in?
Who has been extensively interviewed only on Black Entertainment Television in 1996 and on ESPN in 1998 in the years since his acquittal on murder charges in 1994?
When has Simpson been extensively interviewed only on Black Entertainment Television in 1996 and on ESPN in 1998?
What will internet users be able to to O. J. Simpson?
What was Fla.?
When will he appear on the ABC daytime program ``The View,'' talking mainly with Barbara Walters and Star Jones?
Who will be interviewed on ``Today'' by the on Tuesday?
What will they also be able to purchase?''
Who gave some examples: How is he supporting himself?
Who emphasized that ``The View'' is ``an opinion program''?''
What was Nicole's ABC News program?
When will O. J. Simpson appear on the ABC daytime program ``The View,'' talking mainly with Barbara Walters and Star Jones?
Who was ordered to pay Simpson's and Goldman's families financial judgments totaling $33. 5 million?
What will the interviews be?
What will O. J. Simpson appear on to publicize a Web site on which he will take questions from the public?
Who will internet users be able to direct questions to?
Who added that the scheduled NBC appearance influenced his decision to book the interview?
Who will also be able to purchase what Barry called ``O. J. memorabilia?''
Who will be able to direct questions to O. J. Simpson?
Who added, ``I think he knows he's going to be sitting with people who believe he's a murderer?''
What was Jeff Zucker the executive producer of?
Who was Jeff Zucker?
Where did Barry say the Entertainment Network was based?
Who was the executive producer of ``Today''?
Who did Zucker say would ``ask the questions Brian Barry 'd expect him to be asked?''
What did both Zucker and Bill Geddie add, ``I think with?''
What will internet users be able to to him?
Who did Jeff Zucker say was doing the interviews to ``publicize the start of this Web site?''
What will he appear on ``The Edge'' with Paula Zahn?
What will he appear on on Wednesday?
What did Jeff Zucker say Simpson was doing to ``publicize the start of this Web site?''
When will Simpson be interviewed on ``Today'' by the?
What did Geddie add that the scheduled NBC appearance influenced?
Who was a spokesman for the company and Simpson?
What did Geddie emphasize?''
Who said Simpson was doing the interviews to ``publicize the start of this Web site?''
What will he appear on the same channel on the program?
Who will be able to direct questions to him?
What will O. J. Simpson appear on ``The Edge'' with Paula Zahn?
What did both Zucker and Bill Geddie add, ``I think he knows with?''
What did Barry say in?
When did Simpson lose a civil lawsuit over the deaths of his wife, Nicole, and her friend Ron Goldman?
What will Simpson be interviewed on ``Today'' by on Tuesday?
Who said no conditions had been placed on the interviews?
What did Jeff Zucker say?''
What will also be able to purchase what Barry called ``O. J. memorabilia?''
What did Barry say was based in Tampa?
Who will appear on the same channel on the program ``The Edge'' with Paula Zahn?
Whose ABC News program did Geddie say for?''
What did Zucker say Lauer would ``ask?''
What did Simpson lose in 1997?
What did Brian Barry describe as a ``company that creates voyeuristic Web sites?''
Who described ``Today'' on NBC and ``The View'' on ABC as a ``company that creates voyeuristic Web sites?''
What will be rare television appearances for Simpson?
What did Brian Barry describe ``Today'' on NBC and ``The View'' on ABC as?''
What did Geddie add?
Who does not know if we would have gone out on a limb to be the first to put him on?
Who said the Entertainment Network was based in Tampa?
Whose ABC News program was 20\/20?
Who said Lauer would ``ask the questions you 'd expect him to be asked?''
Who said at the outset, ``I did not even like O. J.''?
What remains fascinated, or is the public fascinated because the news and entertainment media cover O. J. Simpson?
What do O. J. Simpson know?
What does Simpson's?
Who said at the outset, ``Joshua Meyrowitz did not even like O. J.''?
Who would have practically sliced it off?
How many members of one O. J. even have labels for their split and the ``Pro-J's?''
What did Bailey say ?
Who knows the media are still interested?
What did Frankie Bailey say, ``As an African American, O. J. Simpson feel''?
Who did I find thinking, ` That's strange, ' about so many details?
What get a big response-- everything from anger that O. J. Simpson remains in the public eye?
What cover O. J. Simpson?
What's ``shortcut journalism'' to Joshua Meyrowitz?
What remains fascinated, or is the public fascinated because the news and entertainment media cover him?
Who was in a life-and-death struggle?
Who 'll be interested to see how many hits he gets on his new Web site, ``As an academic''?
Who 'll be a symbol of where there are as a society?
What would he have practically sliced off?
What was it just?
Who said ``O. J. Simpson's outspoken''?
What is a different America in?
Who was Frankie Bailey?
What do O. J. Simpson know are still interested?
What may just be dragged along behind the media?
Who's injured finger?
What 'll he be?
Who newsgroup still debate on the World Wide Web?
What did I find myself thinking, ` That's strange, ' about?
Who know the media are still interested?
Who did Bailey say ``'s outspoken''?
What do they even have?''
Who disagrees?
Who just cannot see it?
What did Joshua Meyrowitz find myself thinking, ` That's strange, ' about?
Who does University of Southern California's ``shortcut journalism'' to?
Who is Joshua Meyrowitz?
Who is their split?
What do I know?
What can O. J. Simpson just not see?
Who 'll be a symbol of where we are as a society?
Who was USC's Hunt author of?
Who are?
What cover him?
What are their retribution?
Who 'mes bored with the subject?
Who dies?
Whose students are?
What did he add, It's not so much the public is interested, it's?
What may people just be dragged along behind?
Who said, ``As an African American, O. J. Simpson feel my people are being punished for taking this position''?
Who even have labels for their split and the ``Pro-J's?''
Who found myself thinking, ` That's strange, ' about so many details?
What was he in?
What does that's?
What did USC's Hunt agree?
What do I know are still interested?
Who is the 645 members of one O. J.'s split?
Who said, ``I think the case might be seen as a giant Rorschach test''?
What was just a tiny cut?
Who said, ``As an African American, I feel my people are being punished for taking this position''?
What does that not require?
What does not require research, or understanding of complex issues?
What did Joshua Meyrowitz add, that's not so much the public is interested, it's?
Who said, ``I do not think the case will ever be NOT interesting''?
What even have labels for their split and the ``Pro-J's?''
Who was a University of Albany specialist in media and criminal justice in popular culture?
What do UNDATED-- Say two little letters, get a big response-- everything from anger that O. J. Simpson remains in?
What did Joshua Meyrowitz find ' about so many details?
What did Hunt, director of African-American studies and an associate sociology professor at University of Southern California say, ``O. J. Simpson do not think''?
What's the reason why O. J. and others like JonBenet Ramsey and Elian Gonzalez keep popping up?
Who did Joshua Meyrowitz find thinking, ` That's strange, ' about so many details?
What did O. J. Simpson say, ``I think as''?
Who said they yawn when I bring it up?
What does it not require?
What is not in dispute: that O. J. Simpson is a permanent fixture in American society?
What would O. J. Simpson have practically sliced off?
Who added, ``And those are issues decisions continue to wrestle with''?
What do I 'm bored with?
When did Parker say, ``Joshua Meyrowitz did not even like O. J.''?
What was O. J. Simpson in?
How many members of one O. J. newsgroup still debate on the World Wide Web?
What did she say, ``As an African American, I feel''?
Who 'm bored with the subject?
What are those decisions?
What did Frankie Bailey say yawn when I bring it up?
What did USC's Hunt agree that race is?
What do the 645 members of one O. J. even have?''
Who does it's ``shortcut journalism'' to?
What did he add, It's not so much, it's that journalists and journalistic institutions have figured out how simple it is to report these cases?
What did Joshua Meyrowitz add, that's not so much the public is interested, it's that journalists and journalistic institutions have figured out?
What is one thing not in dispute:?
What do UNDATED-- Say two little letters, get a big response-- everything from anger in?
Who did Frankie Bailey say yawn when I bring it up?
Who started watching?
What did I find ' about so many details?
What do O. J. Simpson 'm bored with?
When did Parker say, ``I did not even like O. J.''?
Who said ``He's outspoken''?
What is Joshua Meyrowitz professor of at the University of New Hampshire?
What never have been answered?
Who would have practically sliced a life-and-death struggle off?
What are still embittered?
What is one thing not in: that O. J. Simpson is a permanent fixture in American society?
Who differ?
What is in their wake?
What is in such nagging questions's wake?
What can I just not see?
What 'll O. J. Simpson be?
Who was USC's Hunt?
What did he say, ``I think as''?
Who said, ``O. J. Simpson do not think the case will ever be NOT interesting''?
Who is professor of communication at the University of New Hampshire?
What did he add, It's not so much the public is interested, it's that journalists and journalistic institutions have figured out?
Who was author of ``O. J. Simpson Facts and Fictions: News Rituals in the Construction of Reality''?
Who agreed that race is a prime reason why Simpson remains a flash point?
Who do the news and entertainment media cover?
What is one thing not in dispute: that O. J. Simpson is?
What is the No-J's?
What was a life-and-death struggle just?
Who just cannot see an academic?
What do the 645 members of one O. J. newsgroup still debate on?
Who added, ``And those are issues we continue to wrestle with''?
What do UNDATED-- Say two little letters, get that O. J. Simpson remains in the public eye?
What did Hunt, director of African-American studies and an associate sociology professor at University of Southern California say, ``I do not think''?
What did a civil jury in Orange County later find the former football star responsible for their deaths in by the victims ' families?
What did a civil jury in Orange County later find in a suit by the victims ' families?
What was SAN FRANCISCO _ O. J. Simpson tied up in?
Who did the lawsuit say initially wound up paying Kardashian a fee?
What said Schiller initially described Kardashian as co-author?
Who did the lawsuit say Schiller initially described as co-author?
What did Schiller write?
What was Kardashian?
What was published in 1996?
Who declined to issue a restraining order that would have immediately barred Schiller from working on the miniseries?
What did Gross allege?
What does SAN FRANCISCO _ O. J. Simpson say its purported revelations are the product of?
What said Schiller initially wound up paying him a fee?
What does SAN FRANCISCO _ O. J. Simpson say are the product of a lawyer's breach of legal confidentiality and an author's breach of promise?
Who says its purported revelations are the product of a lawyer's breach of legal confidentiality and an author's breach of promise?
What is Schiller directing?
When said it had privately reprimanded Kardashian for professional misconduct and ordered him?
What did last month say for?
Who did Schiller and Kardashian also say should have sued before the book was published in 1996?
Who denied making any promises to Simpson about the book or miniseries?
What also said the miniseries had large amounts of confidential information that was not in the book?
What later found the former football star responsible for their deaths in a suit by the victims ' families?
What learned during the attorney-client relationship?
Who did the lawsuit say Schiller initially described Kardashian as?
What does SAN FRANCISCO _ O. J. Simpson say?
Who was tied up in a civil damage suit?
Who is Kardashian?
What does SAN FRANCISCO _ O. J. Simpson say an upcoming television miniseries about the defense's purported revelations are the product of?
What acquitted Simpson in 1995 of murdering his ex-wife, Nicole Brown Simpson, and her friend Ronald Goldman?
Who wants to stop an upcoming television miniseries about the defense in his murder case?
Who did Gross allege that Schiller had gained the cooperation of by promising?
Whose longtime friend is Kardashian?
What does SAN FRANCISCO _ O. J. Simpson want to stop an upcoming television miniseries about in his murder case?
What did Judge David Yaffe schedule a hearing Sept. 6 on?
Who does one of the last scenes of Schiller's book portray as doubting his innocence?
What does the suit also seek?
Who wrote the book with journalist James Willwerth?
What did Gross also say?
What did a civil jury in Orange County later find the former football star responsible for their deaths in a suit by?
What did Gross allege that Schiller had gained by promising?
Who do a Los Angeles jury acquit?
Who did the lawsuit say initially wound up paying him a fee?
Who did Gross also say had large amounts of confidential information that was not in the book?
What did Gross also say the miniseries had?
What said Simpson had not sued then because he was tied up in a civil damage suit?
Whose breach of legal confidentiality and an author's breach of promise does SAN FRANCISCO _ O. J. Simpson say its purported revelations are the product of?
What did his lawyers say the disciplinary action was in?
What acquitted Simpson in 1995 of murdering Schiller's ex-wife, Nicole Brown Simpson, and her friend Ronald Goldman?
Who said the content was virtually the same?
What did a civil jury in Orange County later find the former football star responsible for SAN FRANCISCO _ O. J. Simpson's deaths in a suit by?
What did Schiller say the content was?
What did Schiller say was virtually the same?
What later found the former football star responsible for SAN FRANCISCO _ O. J. Simpson's deaths in a suit by the victims ' families?
What does the suit also seek return of?
When was the book published?
Who did Gross say had not sued then because he was tied up in a civil damage suit?
What did last month say had privately reprimanded Kardashian for professional misconduct and ordered him?
What did both men deny?
What does SAN FRANCISCO _ O. J. Simpson want to stop an upcoming television miniseries about the defense in?
What did Schiller and Kardashian deny making about the book or miniseries?
Who said the disciplinary action was in response to Simpson's allegations?
What did Schiller's lawyers say was in response to Simpson's allegations?
Who is Simpson's longtime friend?
Who scheduled a hearing Sept. 6 on a request for a preliminary injunction that would accomplish the same purpose?
What was Kardashian a member of?
What did Gross also say the miniseries had large amounts of?
What did Judge David Yaffe decline to issue?
Whose families did a civil jury in Orange County later find the former football star responsible for their deaths in a suit by?
When did Schiller and Kardashian also say?
What does SAN FRANCISCO _ O. J. Simpson want to stop in his murder case?
Whose families did a civil jury in Orange County later find the former football star responsible for SAN FRANCISCO _ O. J. Simpson's deaths in a suit by?
Who was a member of Simpson's defense team?
What was he tied up in?
What does SAN FRANCISCO _ O. J. Simpson say an upcoming television miniseries about the defense's purported revelations are?
What does SAN FRANCISCO _ O. J. Simpson say its purported revelations are?
What did Gross say in?
What said Schiller initially wound up paying Kardashian a fee?
What did Schiller's lawyers say the disciplinary action was in?
What did a civil jury in Orange County later find the former football star responsible for SAN FRANCISCO _ O. J. Simpson's deaths in by the victims ' families?
Whose defense team was Kardashian a member of?
Who is directing the TV production?
What alleged that Schiller had gained the cooperation of Simpson and eight of his lawyers for the book project by promising?
What portrays Kardashian as doubting his innocence?
What did Schiller and Kardashian deny making any promises to Simpson about?
Who also said Simpson should have sued before the book was published in 1996?
What did his lawyers say was in response to Simpson's allegations?
Who denied the wrongdoing alleged by Simpson?
Whose lawyers said the disciplinary action was in response to Simpson's allegations?
What did Schiller say?
What also seeks return of any profits Schiller and Kardashian made by violating Simpson's rights?
Who did the lawsuit say initially described Kardashian as co-author?
How many U. S. dollars in compensatory damages did the jury order Simpson to pay?
Who filed a civil wrongful death suit against Simpson?
Who did the jury order to pay 8. 5 million U. S. dollars in compensatory damages?
What did the jury order Simpson to pay?
When will the jury return to decide whether to award millions more in punitive damages?
Whose relatives sought monetary damages?
What did the victims ' relatives seek?
How many U. S. dollars in compensatory damages did the jury order him to pay?
What was Simpson acquitted in October 1995 in?
Who was 49?
What ordered him to pay 8. 5 million U. S. dollars in compensatory damages?
What was Simpson?
Whose relatives filed a civil wrongful death suit against him?
What did the victims ' relatives file?
What ordered Simpson to pay 8. 5 million U. S. dollars in compensatory damages?
When was Simpson acquitted in the criminal trial for the slashing murders of his ex-wife Nicole Brown Simpson and her friend Ronald Goldman?
Who was the jury in the wrongful death suit read back statements by?
Who sought monetary damages?
What will return Thursday to decide whether to award millions more in punitive damages?
Whose relatives filed a civil wrongful death suit against Simpson?
What did the jury order him to pay?
What was the jury in the wrongful death suit read back by several witnesses?
Who filed a civil wrongful death suit against him?
Who was acquitted in October 1995 in the criminal trial for the slashing murders of his ex-wife Nicole Brown Simpson and her friend Ronald Goldman?
What was read back statements by several witnesses?
What did O. J. Simpson say in?
What was it unclear?
What did O. J. Simpson hope to find by this fall?
When did O. J. Simpson say he will remain in the home with his two youngest children?
What opened at 1,875,000 dollars?
When was he found liable for the killings in a wrongful death trial that ended?
What does the property also eliminate?
What can Hawthorne Savings sell privately for a much higher price?
Who opened the bidding?
Who added one dollar to the pot?
What can Hawthorne Savings sell it privately for?
What has six baths, a tennis court, waterfalls and an Olympic-size swimming pool?
What has Simpson lived in for 20 years?
Who did Patrick Dobiesz represent?
What was Simpson acquitted of during a criminal trial?
Who did O. J. Simpson say will remain in the home with his two youngest children for a while?
What was held outside the courthouse in Los Angeles suburban Norwalk?
What can sell it privately for a much higher price?
What can Hawthorne Savings sell the property privately for?
How many baths, a tennis court, waterfalls and an Olympic-size swimming pool does the 6,200-square-foot home in Los Angeles ' wealthy Brentwood section have?
When was O. J. Simpson found liable for the killings in a wrongful death trial that ended?
Who was acquitted of murder during a criminal trial?
What did he say he will remain in with his two youngest children for a while?
Who has the 6,200-square-foot home in Los Angeles ' wealthy Brentwood section lived in for 20 years?
What was he found liable for the killings in a wrongful death trial?
What was unclear how quickly Simpson would have to move out?
What did O. J. Simpson say he will remain in with his two youngest children for a while?
What does the 6,200-square-foot home in Los Angeles ' wealthy Brentwood section have?
What also eliminates any excess money that would have been used to pay part of a 33. 5 million dollars civil judgment against Simpson?
What did O. J. Simpson hope to find another residence in Brentwood by?
Who hoped to find another residence in Brentwood by this fall?
Who was found liable for the killings in a wrongful death trial that ended earlier this year?
What did he hope to find by this fall?
What did he hope to find another residence in Brentwood by?
What was O. J. Simpson found liable for that ended earlier this year?
What was the sale held outside?
What can sell the property privately for a much higher price?
Who did O. J. Simpson say he will remain in the home with for a while?
What did another bidder add one dollar to?
Who said he will remain in the home with his two youngest children for a while?
What was he found liable for that ended earlier this year?
When did he say he will remain in the home with his two youngest children?
What did bidding open at?
What did Patrick Dobiesz open?
Who did he say he will remain in the home with for a while?
Who represented lender Hawthorne Savings?
What was Simpson acquitted of murder during?
What did he say in?
What does it also eliminate?
What did another bidder add to the pot?
What was O. J. Simpson found liable for the killings in a wrongful death trial?
Who did he say will remain in the home with his two youngest children for a while?
